Haha! We've been asked before if it will grow hair!
sarcasm right? hahah
Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants - Kiss You Goodbye on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
She wants me for my body.
Can of corn into left field equals a double right now.
Don’t settle with a networking group of 30-40 people that requires weekly meetings, expensive fees. Join us at www.SmartGuy.com .
so true. this 1s a nutter who doesnt like ppl havng their own lives that dont center around her
congrats with the live performance.. Let us know if you need a production team to record it for you.
Well in this case it would be several...uh...several, several times. ;)
Does Baytown still run EMS separate from Fire?
Yes please! Count me in for sure!
Sirens phone calls police cars fire engines.
#ThingsIWouldLoveToDo. Sing, dance, have a good time and not give a flying fuck what's going on with everybody else.
They're Muppets! They r made of felt&fur w/marbles for eyes & buttons for, well, wherever buttons are needed. They gotcha!
:) I love a shoe analogy!
Perfect soccer weather 
Its easy to get into an accident when driving in DC, there are always so many Virginians in town. (real reason DC listed as worst drivers)
I need to clean my room......But I REALLY don't wanna do all that work
let's get this win Lakers! Metta play with a leveled head
What is going on #superbowl #XLV #CAMERA MAN DOWN !
Booked the Adobe Conference Center for BarCamp Seattle. Rejoice! (via ) rejoicing and retweeting
Dude, I really thought that'n was gone as well...
now that I crossed the 28 barrier, where do I sign up and when do WE start!
Like Events? Like Having Fun? You better #FF , ,
Interviewing about his new book WIN FOREVER for our podcast today. Got questions? Send them my way!
Guess we should have been more specific about wanting a government shake up..
Cell phones used as a home school connection for class information could be helpful and fast. Great ideas
u still have a lot of life ahead of u. If u happy then that should b a part of ur dream that came through.
I know right! This is some Bull$&!#!
So well-played. Just really nicely done.
I can't sleep...
That's a pretty sweet guitar you got there in your profile picture!! Wow!!! Nice Texans sticker too!
Life is funny like that/sometimes its bugged the fuck out/sometimes I take it to the church/sometimes I just like to hang out
ha ha still can't believe how big that was
Soda's are sugar water and so are most juices so try and stick to drinking water. It's the best thing for you and it's not empty calories
Anytime someone mentions Office Space or Big Lebowski I quickly brag I saw both in theaters is kind of a character flaw
Don't ask me if my rooms clean if you ain't gonna clean it
you forgot brilliant and good looking...
baha, that's an adorable name. Lucky Guinness. He's living the good life
When we have these type of conversations >>>
Carlos Cardoba sentenced & HIJOle the Judge was nice. Maybe I will be REAL nice to everyone from now on! Ric Armendarez no more hacking.
So they take a guy who can't stay on the field in passing downs? RT : New #Packers DT Jerel Worthy is a perfect fit:...
it's my birthday so maybe you can follow me and/or tweet me?? it would make my day!<3
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
I am ready LOL
classic.........thank god I was parked when I seen it.
you should go work with them
Agree! RT Perhaps meeting challenges with kids with special needs in schools as well.
Survival is a must
New Year, new tweeters to follow
I identify myself as a former catholic, but would gladly return if there was such a thing as a progressive Catholic Church.
Just because something is easy to measure doesn't mean it's important
the one who came to school every day woke up for the world practiced honesty her business was hers
RT : You know what I love? Buttons. What, does everything I write have to be so damn clever?
Best statement from "has anyone told Xavier that the game has started?"
i can't beleive i have to argue with my boyfriend about his wallpaper on his phone lol dear i want my boyfriend back haha
Yes, I enjoyed this weather today. Was fortunate to have the day off -
Peace and love everyone, thank God for another day
Lunchtime Taco bell chicken quesadilla and smart water
So that's where we are as fans? A person cant be in the top 5 & we, let them, let us, know when they're ready to rock?
lol RT : Just saw a Celtics fan blame the team's struggles on the players' overconfidence. Wonder where they got it from.
St. Xavier and Eastern have now combined for 14 runs, 14 hits, 2 HRs and 8 errors after just 4 innings. Schuette in to pitch for Eagles.
Don't hate because she can count. You seem to think the opposition can negotiate with "patriots" who won't with their own party.
Catching up on breaking bad, best show in TV!
I'm not. Just saying wow because you could've made a new friend before the last minute lmao
drink water , stop laying down too much and get active
the Aggie basketball team lost an amazing young man who was to start Texas A&M in a few weeks on a full ride basketball scholarship.
Thats what I'm coming to find out!
long term, we'd really like to move it around & meet at startup companies that want to host and/or tell their story!
I made it
Today will be a day for pampering, I need my hair washed deperately, It's been two weeks. (Sighs)
Where is the message?
Yes, my manager gets me a ticket to every award show
Looking forward to some awesome #art, #music and #food tonight at
Sorry guys I've been working hard on my hard rock cafe performance ill try be on more
I love hair. I nurture and understand it. Feed it. Protect it THEN style it.
So nice to walk down the street to #thealcove for an after work #happyhour glass of wine :)
Check My War Wounds
so i see you like one direction...i love them....none of my friends like them it sucks
Sup dude
You should bring me some Ice Cream though Lbs :-)
that was what he wrote to me mom. I will change it as soon as I get access to my computer again as I am not home. :-)
excited to get reading again with my new nook tablet!!
Good advice comed from bad experience.
This girl texting me emojis knowing damn well I can't see them! Lmfao
I don't want this night to be over. but I want this song to be
he wrote pick up lines in the journal .-.
I LOVE TO DANCE*
Thanks for the RT today!
Its not that I dont miss my friends or want to see them...its just that music comes first. I hope you all understand ! <3
Who's MCing? RT : This weekend marks the much-anticipated return of "Pilots Got Talent", Sunday, 7:30 PM, Buckley Auditorium
I love you too baby
Well said!!
Good good good. It's gonna be a blast, as always.
Still looking forward to Nashville in May with and
That happens to me all the time. For me it's because after I download a song and slide it to y iTunes I delete the icon from...
Shit is literally gettin shaken off the ceiling of Assembly Hall from the bass... insane
We need a brand new toilet and the power equipment then I can make an even better helmet
you are becoming more liberal every day
Hopefully my agent can do work. I'm not all that picky, but the Pack would suit me best. Plus their "stock" would go up
I get so many DMs I try to talk to everyone I'll get to you tomorrow<33
Just wrapped up the English Math Oral Drills book for Nook & Kindle. It's an audiolingual approach for students gr.3-GED. Available soon.
RT : When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.
"Pretty face or fit body?" Niall: "Pretty face." Harry: "Yeah, pretty face." Louis: "Definitely pretty face." Liam: "Face pretty.
I was wrong...Manning's in Denver but as much as I'd like to be I'm not totally conscious free about it.
also his sense of style!
#foss4gna looking for a project to sprint with today: handy with python/django, ok with javascript, willing to work on docs + websites too
Switching to "lurk" mode...
Cant stop listening to Big Sean Ft Nicki Minaj - Dance(A$$)!!!!!
Just ordered glasses
You should change it to JainieNoFresca...or your real name...JainieMae LMAO
Happy birthday man!
Here's to hoping that iBooks Author doesn't become the PowerPoint of books...
Hm....ever read The Executioner's Song? Might take a year but quite good.
I say you guys go back to pressing dubs! Srsly though, it's that bs that ruins it for djs like me who love getting promos :(
let's talk bitches comoon
Just sent a new update for iphone to apple to approve! Recording lines, editing lines and more!!
#reallybadChristmasjokes How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad!
cant wait til TNA :D RIP Donna Summer
nope never heard of em, I'm stubborn when it comes to listening to local artist...that's something I gotta work on tho
Making a Difference with Big BrothersBig Sister. Will be working on an event that will support them and another organization
crush em or be crushed, be a winning poker player
Second flight today cancelled - in a row.
HP Mini Notebook up for grabs tonight!
Thank you suzette!
SO much cooler to be Oprah : RT : "Be yourself" is the worst advice you can give to people.-- Mark Twain
It went really well.. time will tell.
thank you that means alot :)
Pictures due by next thursday :)
Brotha, where are ya? Happy New Year from Bermuda.
It's going to be a good day - cupcakes from and cheesecake from - Happy Birthday Gail!
What happened when the Irishman met the French Assasin?? NO Shots On Goal!
Love of mine, someday you will die; but I'll be close behind. I'll follow you into the dark.
A fugitive penguin! I love it. It sounds like he's doing okay but he must be lonely.
But my new hello kitty nails turned blue :( oh well..
That last call was bull
And I just hope that I'm forgiven for carin' 'bout how they livin', and loan 'em a little money and keepin' 'em out of prison.
I see in UR pic U love UR Cute doggie. Thank you for following me ♥
if you can help us out with a date we'd love to come through!
up handling business
o that the deffinition of me
Rizzle Kicks on celebrity juice. Ahh
psh ready for stats.... Maybe :D
So Ron Artest's name is now officially "Metta World Peace." Contest: What should David Stern's new name be? I'll buy drinks for best idea.
Its not too late for some TBT right? lol
So many <3's.
is going to be on the Ellen show today..And I have to go take freakin math t-cap:(
What albums are on your yearend list for 2011?
S/O TO Mi COUSiN FOR HAViNG REAL LONG HAiR DON'T CARE!..iT RUNS iN THE FAMiLY!...💋
Well then...guess that's the end of that
Happy Birthday mom! Muahh. Love you<33
yep! another 9 days
Mother's Day will soon be here. Looking for a one-of-a-kind gift?? Stop by the Scottsville Farmers Market. We're open from 8:30-12:30 :)
I'm listening to it right now RT“: Whose listening to right now?!?!”
I really cant stop thinking about you!
Just watched a cop kill a raccoon in front of my house....sweet.
Say what? Turned off the obnoxious auto updater for blog edits. Should only post now when I add new videos.
Sidebar: I love the evolving standard of beauty. On Tues.,a group of blk. teens 2 me "lookin like the 1st Lady out here"
Thank you for the RT! She's a little trooper! Made it through winter (I was worried but we had a very mild winter)
Did you know, Christmas is one of the most popular days to get #engaged? Congrats to those who said "YES!" this weekend!!!
RT : A7 Our media-player allows you to know who the artist & song is AND fans can promote by sharing via social media !!
Today is national honesty day.. Tweet me how you feel or no?
If you are a poem writer, script writer or any other writer submit your work for the festival today! here's what you need to know...
Thats pathetic! Grow up
A gullible blogger tweets bogus statistics that don't pass the smell test every 3 seconds. RT this if you want them to stop.
yes that's where we were! So beautiful!
I won't be at Night Strike till probably 730, 8 this week.. we could put a date on the calendar to talk though, if you'd like!
NAACL reviewing assignments were disappointing but ACL looks bright.
I know! Lots of #crisiscommunications practice going on :)
where r u at
aye fam, follow back ?! :)
yes - the horrors of procrastination
#AustinMakesUsSmile <------- Trend It!(:
If service is the rent you pay for your existence on this earth, are you behind in your rent? Robert G Allen
they raw
Give #UWM #SID staff member Chris Zills () a follow for all kinds of #Baseball, #MSoccer and #Swim informational goodness.
Let me stop being honest all the time
WE GET A LITTLE
"I am his Highness' dog at Kew; Pray tell me, sir, whose dog are you?"
I don't want my teachers to leave my school. >:/
Klay Thompson is the new and improved Brandon Roy.
Never played with ppl that called more fouls then today... -___- rly doe
ah yes, because can't b found among the noise.
- Plain Pringles dipped in salsa is really good too. Omg.
please folloooowww me!
BILLY IS SO ANYNOYING
You say you want 3 we can meet at the Valero..
Amber& Joe
Whiskey to celebrate a super awesome week at new job and a fabu new car (JB). Hanging with prehub watching 30 Rock and Sunny on DVR. *sigh*
Out of the dentist, now going to target. ^_^
Sweet swisher swishing swashin
HBO Sports hires new boss Ross Greenberg in hopes of rescuing programming and ... - New York Daily News
Last practice tonight.
Tattoos will be starting at $20 today!! Don't miss out!! (216) 673 - 1550
Happy Birthday David Beckham :-)
I guess having seen Friday the 13th would've been helpful in catching that reference.
Super crunch time at Tenant Resource Center . . . trying not to be a perfectionist . . . so . . .hard . . . I need two more weeks!
your below my level
Congrats to on her 10th anniversary at ! Great role model for young people like myself working in the biz :)
I feel so left in the cold!
Rainy day + a cold = long day
Over 7000 #startup founders & 100s of #startupchampions have joined , helping fuel a nationwide
I wish it would rain and wash away some of this pollen... I'm sick of this crap!!!!
yes!! Can't wait!
Any tour plans for Chi-town?
BEAR Data Solutions Wins Cisco West Area Partner of the Year Award at Cisco Partner Summit 2012
awesome I cant wait to go!
word. I'll probably be down there.
Thanks for the heads-up about , I didn't know them. Will definitely check them out!
Come see us live at The Up & Under Pub tomorrow night (saturday)...we open up the show with Dangerfield and A Line Between. Brady St 9pm
Happy birthday everyone! Tis the season!
Okay and thanks :)
find yourself, before you find someone else.
How.many pencils u have
Just woke up ?
Thanks for retweets. May you & family manifest lives of Heaven on Earth = Perfect Health+Protection+Prosperity+Love/Happiness.
Help USPS Stamp Out Hunger on May 12! Leave a bag of nonperishable food at your mailbox and they'll pick up when they deliver mail /
Just had a nice flip-off sesh with another driver. That's my yoga.
“ “ An idle mind is the devil's workshop..””preacher just taught this last Sunday ...amen
I WANNA JAM WIT U
Nothing ever happens like I want it to..
Did somebody EMP my apartment? Video card, sound/headphones and router all screwing up in the last 2 days.
I decided not to start making inquiries about the whiskey cellar within the first 30 min of meeting the boss. I know, lame.
Is this Hollywood's equivalent to "You're not a great writer until you get hate mail?" OK, unlikely.
Seacrest, I'm unsure if you could fool me any more with who's staying & who's going! I'm gonna lose it if you get me w/ an "after the break"
I just murdered my workout. Goal weight met! I'm hungry for more though.
good afternoon to you so f'n sexy
This is the greatest.
<3 If we're caterpillars, it's only bc you're the Orkin man.
a 'scathing' eval for stats = justice
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. Mahatma Gandhi
Still, the fact remains that many people continue to engage in this self destructive habit
hey, Um are you still accepting Cover Girl pics for the video??
me & queen Elizabeth & Eazy E Have the Same Birthday ..Swerve!
Putting on varnish coat #2. We're getting there!
Everyone please follow our friend she tweetrific :) xoxogno
we've got ugly guys who think they're hot so they act like douches... Ahaha
See you soon! RT : Do get to see play tonight #fireworks and postgame
turtle neck
You know, the longer the Lakers stay alive in the playoffs, the longer we have to hear from Laker fans. You sure you want this?
Ha HA I 've been saying that all day!!!!!
'SOK. It halfway looks more like a revival meeting anyway. RT : Nah. I lost my motivation...
Interesting Fact of the Day: The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
Why did the witch go to the psychiatrist? Because she thought everybody loved her.
its a snowglobe out there! we are open for classes and lessons today - if anything changes, we will update you immediately
Guess who just passed her PTCE? That's right, this girl!
byes are spread for fantasy football and betting.
SO cold outside! No!
A long, hot & sticky day remedied by a refreshing Über Pils!
Yay!! What did you try?
start applying! I should be visiting Sweden for midsummer not sure since the hubby might be working. Any plans to visit the US?
You know we getting hotter and hotter! Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down!
When u drive a SUV and are on vaca and go for economy - remember the car sits lower than you expect - going full force into the roof hurts
woot!! this game looks awesome!
lol oh no yours look fine 👍
When its looking sunny these niggas rain on you
I'm in the studio off the early..... dnt 4get the show on the 24th. Check ur events
ThunderUp!! RT Mike Brown on OKC's home crowd: "Off the top of my head, it's definitely a top three building."
Good Monday! Hope you had a great weekend. What's on your mind the week?
one's in program, one's in teacher. like the year steven and I went.
These poor unfortunate souls
u haven't been giving me hugs, r u mad at me :(((( I hope not!!!!!! Luv ya
Said he'd convert from catholic to baptist that's gotta be some mean pussy make a man change gods.
:) My bro.played the drums for u like 2 weekends ago at his church?
ohh r u with her?
Busy day producing radio at www.healthylife.net . Getting archives uploaded and looking for good news for Friday's newscast !
Thanks for RTs and mentions
My so called boy bestiee fakee af , now he's a non factor in my book
Leaving Dulles airport to Tampa now. Great week and all good stuff!
Listening to that Carter I
haven't I explained this to you. That is my brother's XBL account. Used to be mine hints the name match. BACK OFF BRO! BF3 4LIFE
I can email you step by step. The message would be 2 long 4 twitter, since they only give us 160, God forbid I was dying! -_-
Nice! What'd you end up with?
Pffft, I'd prefer it! AND I get to keep it until the year 2020! Blerg.
yea rite
so sad so sad so sad
- I was thinking of you, too!
ESM Client, CB Ron shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
me duh
True! The trailblazers make the rules!
20 bucks says Glove Romney calls Rajon Rondo "Randy" during & after the game.
MY WEDDING VOWS: i knew we were destined to be together ! You are the cheese to my macaroni and the PB to my J ! MARRY ME !
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
so are the Cheyenne! “: "Black-footed ferrets are really charismatic and really cute." #aam2012”
yes sir!
So I really think both elevators are broken.. -__- tf!? Only at the art institute. Smh.
wisdom teeth .. oh how i fucking hate you.
Prediction: Vintage KG performance. BTW, did anyone get Sarah Phillips' pick for tonight?
this is Shelley Adler at Associated Press-can we get Greg Williams audio. e mail me at . thanks
WE ON TO ROUND 2!!!
Thank you so much ! You're awesome!
I'm obsessed with you baby.
John Carroll as not-so-reluctant revolutionary at
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen This damn essay :/
Good morning! Going to be a great week..
Here comes a bunt.
Talk To Me Twitterr ! Need Some More Mentionss And Followerss :D .
Fond du Lac police chief: officer died today. Says it's the biggest nightmare or any police officer.
oh nun.I just was seeing wat u doing
don't tease! Because I'll srsly come chill with one of my P&R favs!!
Fuck two tests today -.- at least I get out at 11
getting that rehab in
like sarah Michelle love Hewitt Jessica Parker or whatevertf.
Just slept for 13 hours. This never happens... #refreshed. Thank gawd for being done with school! :)
Hey friend how are you?!?! longg time no talk!
Your welcome!! I LOVE making people happy!!:)
So I know there will be a lot of #SuperBowl tweets but I CANNOT WAIT.
I find compassion thinking how we all act out of pain; I am not separate/better than him or anyone.
"there was one point where I was going around the dance floor with a limp leg." - lastnight was awesome.
We brought the rain back with us to NYC... at least for a moment... time to kick on some ...
Yooo, I love your profile pic!!! Lmbo, too funny bro!
Interesting night...Hahaha
awwwwie u suck donkey balls!
Ugh i love this guy"!:)
Fuck me. I hate texting so much. So many misinterpretations. Just leads to more fighting.
moved to my hometown of Chicago in January! Hope u r enjoying the Windy City!
Nobody but that funk!
I'm seriously tired of people stepping on me. I'm done being nice.
": Texas isn't just country. It's God's country."
thnxx for the follow!
Great young talent and especially loved the Spring Awakening music stripped down by Tim Brickle. Gorgeous setting and lights.
Teams are well aware of Dempster's skills, the W isn't necessary for trade value.
YOU can help to ensure a safer SF! Contact Linnette at 415.609.4222 or to get involved
happy birthday! One year in busyness and many more to come!
the freaks don't go ta sleep we come out at night pahahahahaha
IIf you guys knows anyone looking for a summer sublease in Orlando lemme know! $400 a month, at peg pointe :) DM me
yes i speak german you to? ??
I hope they make Mass Effect 4 and chronicle the crippling depression that sets in when Shepard realizes his career has peaked already
studying time
She tweet ha shyyt but she dnt text me:/
Welcome the the new tweet feed for Parker Hall Dance. Please follow us. starting something big here people, thanks so much for being a part!
Kristen, Puppy Power activate! Form in the shape of lasers with cancer-fending abilities!
That was around the same time that FB was one of the Best Online sites in the History of the Internet 4 Mark Went All HAL on the community
Abraham Lincoln~ I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come.
CHRIS JERICHO WINS AGAIN!
Hey, whatever happened to James Franco?
Checking out our temporary space for Lost and Found (Opening on April 5th). It is going to be amazing!
I hereby promise to never make fun of the Vikings franchise and their Super Bowl futility (while I am sober).
that promo was hella clean! Very impressed...but not surprised ha!
More Washington-advice from "Have two factoids, preferably true"
your videos awsome just like you ;D
I check out another local spot. the residential beaches of La Jolla.They had kayaking, scuba diving and surfing with #FREE parking!
I count myself lucky any time I get to witness a genuine cool buddy exchange.
happy monday miami only 2 days away i cant wait!
eChalk is sharing the love at eTech Ohio 2012! Stop by booth 741 for demos, to view sample websites and more!
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Glad you finally get to see FTSK! I play guitar for them. Check out COLOURS and see if we're good enough to be on you ipod :)
So if your baby leaves and you have a tale to tell just take a walk down Lonely Street to Heartbreak Hotel.
Good Morning. I'm Raymond, and my day is off to a rough start.
Bars in Key West close at 4.. My kinda town!
sorry we are only available on iphone or android
so younger Americans can become St Reps/Senators. I think we need to incorporate younger values & ideals into current systm
My favorite indie bookstore called. My copy of george THE CUT is in. Happy day.
hey can you follow me back?
wear whatever makes you feel good
So true! Just found out a woman I greatly admire has stage 4 pancreatic #cancer. You just never know!
Doing what I do -- working sources, getting contacts and being awesome. Just another day in my life.
Today feels like a Friday:o
Hate period pains
I'm hungry but I'm too lazy to get up.
Cold toilet seat is cold.
Double shots of WORD!!! Lol
#joetacopinaplaylist Snoop Dogg, Murder was the case
Forgot just how good it can be to read a book--a REAL book with pages and everything--at night. (Instead of an iPad)
Its so hot everywhere >.<
Still Bobby Roode.
he shaved his line beard in the pkg lot of the studio.
Money talks, and unfortunately mine only can say "goodbye!"
MLB: Caple: Kendrys Morales' wait is over The Angels' Cuban import is back from injury and ready to hammer away
ha ha I win ;) your coming! :p
me too! until that one episodes when she dreamed of everyone dancing at the indian restaurant. that was just weird...
Bill Lamineer is on the NBA channel. cc:
Saturday and Sunday the 12th and 13th we're having a Barn Sale! Check us up on Facebook for a sneak peek of what we have on sale!
Look up what Thomas Vanda did for something really repulsive. I don't think there's a word for it.
it's going to be a great time! Glad you'll be there with us.
Sorry I'm a lil' late, just got out from a mtg. I'm Vennesa from (Chair, #EALS12) & working in the AU arts mgt prog
- We are looking forward to having you #3/28 to discuss America's Youngest #Outcasts, 2010.
Watching Men In Black.
Everyone deserves happiness, yes, even you.
lol! I think it was a tie!!
completely agree -- missed opportunity is an understatement
Agreed. And I think that's a good thing and the price we pay if as a byproduct people become better at what they do.
Home Depot's sign says they have "patio pot" for sale. Hm.
3 times tonight! Can't wait! You'll always be my american idol
My brother being a playa <
Derby time in the hotel business....tiring but definitely worth it
Maane i swear im too tired n dont feel gud
Stock market: CNBC's Fast Money analysts proclaimed agriculture stocks have come too far, too fast and a pullback is likely in POT and MOS.
yeah there #athletic budget is pretty much unlimited. Well its nice to have #philknight as an #alumni lol.
First tweet! What else to say besides check out the website and get ready for some upcoming furniture repair pictures and tips!
Wish I could teleport to CO for NYE to see !!!!
DONUTS!! This morning just got so much better!! You want one?! Ill give you one! Where are you!?
Yikes Kansas! Better wake up!
Grinding as always fam! Getting ready for my LA trip next week
one of my faves too, but every time i've seen it I've fallen asleep in the second act...
Happy Tuesday! It's beginning... find out about all the precip on the !
whats stopping her if she did?? Listen I'm off this, Im not going thru this with u and she not even responding
just changed my picture!!
thank you. I'm good. How are u?
Interesting title lol
Anticipating tasting incredible teas tomorrow in #SF w/
Cann a Bitchh get a Break?
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I SNUCK into your moms room last night and it sure wasn't to TUCK her into bed. lol
Really missing my beautiful wife!
Good morning! RT if you're hitting the gym today!
In the Moorland Spingarn Research Center, filling in on a Southern inclusive pre-60s labor-oriented youth movement. #SNYC, not SNCC.
#iUsedToLikeYouBut we GREW apart!
Thanks for cluing me in.
tweet tweet
can't wait!
So so sleepy but my mind once again won't stop thinking...lol
Thanks so much for the follows, & the follow baks yhu guys #MuchLove :D
Great, thanks!
For drama and adventure, have a sticker of a distant car in your rear view mirror. You can then pretend as if you're being chased.
ha do tell
My ultimate dream now is just to get my books published. Through all the shit that's happened, I can heal if my dream comes true.
A common #beauty myth: Dry skin causes wrinkles....Not true. Most wrinkles r caused from the sun. Protect your #skin w/sunblock!
Time for bed its 11:30
you didn't get a cappuccino??
me too. we must hang out.
Does anyone know of an aggregator that pulls in , and hashtags?
it's been hell these last few hours... literally 6 of the last 7 hours spent on reddit / TL
#NOIData - VAN change request: Add % vote score to data (ie. a young person voted just once, but 100% of available elections). Great metric
Fabulous ! Way to make #WI fans and band alumni proud!
I'm sure will not write about Staal two-handed swing of his stick on Carlson. Does he too have a 'Get out of Jail Free' card?
Ladies come preparty this FRI w/ for a night of
Huge surprise...world-class idiot and IU hater picks #iubb to lose in the 1st rd.
Lowkey it surprises me how oomf is highly religious
Bein with my family, priceless!
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.@@@
thanks for the notes. I went through the book carefully a few times but maybe the conductor it associate adapted it? Beauty!
I know who my vote goes to,so no worries for me in that area.Must keep my priorities in sight right now,delicate time w/Son
You were frikkin awesome Mike. GREAT JOB!
omg. I got some they cutteeeee
“: You don't fuck with the people I love.”
Head spinning with thoughts about that one girl 4-3-12(:
distance doesnt mean anything.
Well would ya look at the time. It's already beer o'clock!
Weird kids + Well educated kids + Degenerates = WCC
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. — Eleanor Roosevelt #quote My Favorite all time quote
Nene from RHOA browsing the Lanvin section of Barneys. In sweatpants and WITH GREG! #whatdoesitmean??
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatever
Nice to wake up to on the radio talking about web comics on !
#mentionyourcrush Wood Harris!!
I'm an archivist through and through.
Honey badger don't care.
you wanna lock it in for me? ;)
You can save time and money using Shopping Genie store software to find the best sales. Check it out!
Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve
Why would any girl like cum in their face.... It's a #Disgrace to yourself and #WomenKind Plus Bitch Thats just
First 11:11 and now #SaySomethin I am so proud. You're truly amazing :)
Are you alive after that one?
what color do you want Danielle ?
Make love, not war.
let's make it a goal for this year :D that'd be so great.
Did you schedule your pet’s annual examination? You might think it won’t hurt to skip it this year but it could save your pet’s life!
Week end! Thank God its friday!!:)
Shoutout to 's_Simmons for making such a remarkable album :-)
that's fkn funny!
Hahaha! Awesome dream. Wish the part about us being at a game at the K was true! Let's make it happen. :)
Thanks for re-tweeting my information. Hope to work with you soon.
Had a great workout today at the gym. This week I'm training with my trainer 3 straight days. Gotta switch it up!!
Omgomgomg. Can't wait for #RHONJ. Counting down the days for the madness. And SO happy that is back.
Q for the developers... in ME3, will the Mako make a reappearance?
And he failed them how? Your a fucking dipshit. LIAR!!!
thankss andrea! What do u do? Also, I'm performing in LA on the 26th. Do you live around here?
Is gearing up for a busy weekend!
finally adjusted to college life...and so I'm back! writing up a storm and getting a myspace together.
where'd u get those pancakes? They look amazing!!
Talk about greedy, I'd settle for 80. So whats next 80000 FB friends. Well these days its possible as one can buy em.
it's friday i'm so happy a "!" was not worthy to end that sentence.
I wish some people actually thought about what they were going to say before they start spurting more nonsense
I'm gonna keep this account anonymous. I made this acc. to be kind & support. I don't want people to think I'm doing this for attention.
So the Secret Service agent who follows Obama's dog and clean up its crap isn't allowed to have more than one drink a week?
How and where should one speak up?
Come on Seattle where is the sun!
sunny here!
Thank you! It's been a great first year for the 'Folio - am pumped for 2012!
Forgot to register online for todays prep class? No worries, you can register at the door! $15 At Galaxy Dance from 3-5! See you there :-)
We use to be so close now we don't even talk
yeah blame it on twitter! Lol I'm great.. Hope everything is alright with you..
Is anyone else annoyed by the constant SocialCam requests on Facebook?
yeah...that looks fun baby...don't think I've done this
Thank you!
If you can mimic love scenes in my new thriller you will no doubt make a girl extremely happy "PYTHON" only 7.89 amazon
watch it
against a bottom tier team, with bottom tier talent. Hes good but I could proly get 20 at least on them...
Fox Theater, Jeff Mangum, hella white folks.
now i guess it's the cutthroat trout. thought it was the rainbow trout when i was young.
RT - No player on the Jacksonville Jaguars not named Maurice Jones-Drew should be allowed to talk shit in the media
Thanks for coming!
Vegas is so busy this afternoon!
Ok so here's our public service announcement for the evening...friends...don't forget it's Mother's Day this month! Just sayin.
had the best night ever last night!
nope got Thursday off this week!
why do you go from zero to blackmail in seconds?
Yes Mt Monday sounds great!
Congrats to my friend for tonight's big win... You did us proud TK.
Happy Birthday, !
Dis is wat I do finessin like a fool
agree. It was absolutely amazing. And titillating! Best show on TV right now.
AAU coaches who use their kids to benefit them <<<<< trying to help the lil homies is the only reason I do what I do
I'm on an amazing weight loss/muscle tone product right now with great results if anyone wants any information let me know!
WE MADE IT
THANKS! RT PA's Gettysburg NPS museum, Meadowcroft Rock Shelter, and The Hershey Story, all in fairly rural settings.
eyerytime I hear yup, it's like finger nails on a chalk board
Second punctured tire in 2 weeks. Same place on the road. Sigh. Time to clean up the road.
Woot! You're my first commenter! I also replied to your comment. RT : Read and replied. :)
Get proper rain gear to ward off wind & the elements so there is no excuse not to walk.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. —Wayne Gretzky
New favorite performer of the #Grammys: Glen Campbell!
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one. ~Chinese Proverb
Great meeting you too! Let me know if you ever get up this far North!
Live, laugh, love... LEARN!
Who doesn't LOVE an all-Wisconsin craft beer festival in the summertime?! Nab your set of tickets before it's too late!
you got this, girl
SOMEONE DM ME I'M BORED(;
Open, ready and prepared for feedback. Negative and positive. If you think you know something, remember the mistakes of misjudgement.
You dudes aren't true punx til you have a special guest FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE.
Home about to have a heart attack ": Lol where u at? RT : With ME ": I wish I was at a casino bar
It's Friday and it's 5 o'clock somewhere
I need you here beside me <3
hey man, where was that shot you guys got of us. I wanna promote you guys but cant find it on the deja site
I love my life!
I still believe in Tebow!
legs weigh
RT : Stacked is open next to in the 5th Ward check them out!
When I arrive I bring the fire
Whoa. RT : I believe it! “: Google exec says ~20% of food in US is consumed in cars" Doesn't offer source
Katy Perry?! Damn girl. RT Lana Del Rey all day.
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen im with my friend and i dont have to worry about anything
Please drink responsibly stay in a friend's house, pay for a hotel room, or let the sober one drive. But please don't get in that car wasted
4 hours until kickoff with
I'm going back to sleep!
One in ten families in New Mexico, from birth through adulthood, needs the help that Alta Mira provides.
thanks for beliving in me :) ill do it just for you! lol
Let the warm breeze blow you in to the wonderful lobby of the Belden Stratford and take a look around.
yo momma! miss that show
": Gmorning." How bout them Coyotes...NOT!! JK...
Tyga or wiz ? Who you got ?
Desmond listing country music artists he knows. "Billy Ray Cyrus, Toby Keith, Garth Brooks, Jeff Gordan" hahaha
Thanks for the mention and great seeing you in SF last week!
It was the exact same way for me. So I watched some interviews and saw her in X-Men and discovered she is amazing.c:
:) Glad you liked it.
thnx man...I would love to be part of it, fingers crossed!
1436: hey! I dont know u, and we dont talk but you should tweet me! Love ur name!
Did you stop in yesterday for the first day of Downtown Dining Week? You have got to try our Irish beef stew!
I've read a few of that girl Britany's articles and its boring information. Jen is tv and radio what am I missing here? No comparison
I want to swim in your eyes.
so cool! thanks for sharing.
Missing #TBBT finale.... Life sucks
Samantha, you're 3 rows in front of us:-). I saw you pimping in the back row Andy. Thought you couldn't drink beer?
400 plus hits today. So incredibly thankful. No greater gift than to touch people with your talents.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing; it makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. ~ Voltaire ~
Hey everbody do me a favor check out my boy he a cool dude
I feel as if I'm missing something funny
Celebrating the women in my life! #HappyMothersDay!
All this time I was distracted by your sports knowledge. Hahah ;).
Wow. This female just offered to pay for foams.
Do you think the holodeck (like in star trek) is a realistic possibility??
I always tend to over think things..
I am so tired. Still have a bunch of things to do.
must stop purchasing stuff from those 3 day designer clothing sale sites.
3 followers away from hitting our goal of 200!!!! We have 16 hours to hit it!! RT please!!
#JerseyShore oh yeah!
HappY Birthday! I love u, have a gr8 day :-)
“: forward to seeing all the duck alumni and fans in portland this week! #GODUCKS!”--same Cam!
Typical Petrino fashion. He issues a note.
followed, follow back ? ;)
Thanks for sharing Gwydion's video, Gohar! Glad you enjoyed it. Keep the music coming!!
Meetings that serve no purpose just suck! This is a complete waste of time & 3 hours of my life I'll never get back.
Happy Vday to all in Twitterland!! I wish love & happiness to everyone not just today though but EVERYDAY!! 8-)
Its everything about you..♥
Are you ready for the RAUNCHIEST episode of 'Game Night'? stay tuned as things go bump in the night.
The real reason Peyton is going to Denver? There are a lot more Chick-fil-A's there than in San Fransico. Good choice right?
Eric Draven Jesus Christ Stop me if you heard this one Jesus Christ walks into a hotel. He hands the innkeeper three nails, and
You don't want to miss our Pan Seared Halibut with Boursin Potatoes & Asparagus! Place your EL order now! www.EpicureanGroup.net
What does #BLKWater taste like? The blackness of the water kinda freaks me out.
Duke defector is the front-runner for NBA rookie-of-the-year. Should he have gone pro from H.S.? The NBA doesn't allow it.
you know you want the new iPhone that's 3 weeks away :)
If I could, I would show you my new, amazing, purple #LifeProof iPhone case. I'm in love. (I'll try to snap a pic in a mirror soon!)
It was definitely a challenge this week. There were some fairly obscure clues, and theme wasn't readily evident.
i dont no but u should charge ur ipod
Hahaha, dope! where is that at?
Psyched about booking my next movie gig, filming in a couple of weeks. :-} Grateful for the nice Christmas present!
*tosses you a pudding shot*
Just had a really great experience with customer service. I lost/misplaced my gift card, THEY apologized & got me a new one!
Couples dont passionately kiss by dangerous airplane propellers anymore.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you can talk to no matter what>>>
Treat a military mom to a treasure box! Donations for $30 pre assembled food kits - feed her family all week www.thetreasurebox.org/donate
today and they are probably putting me in a foster home ...
Thanks Carol. How was your day? ;) I will view it this weekend. Aloha.
Time for a little magic. I will help in any planning!
on the bright side, they should soon be running low on crap acts and may be forced to book someone decent.
Sure, if I'm out there on the weekends. Otherwise, we can swim at the Aquatic Park in the city.
"every yr 4 Halloween I dream if being Freddy Mercury but I never do it" //DO IT!!!!
Tomorrow it is then.
Can this just go away now? RT : Dr. Conrad murray #guilty involuntary manslaughter
If life were perfect, you would not need tomorrow- InSpotter mobile app
its my birthday 2day!!!.
Wonderful school time.
#worstfeeling : when olivia is stupid and weird and she looks like sideshowbob.
still very undecided on the new winnipeg jets logo. whats your opinion
Survived a Bulgarian movie w/Spanish subtitles with surprising ease. Left me wanting to learn Backgammon.
i seen my old best friend from 1st 2nd andd 3rd grade today at school!! (: :0
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead. ~Benjamin Disraeli
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut. ~Channing Pollock
should we be shopping for baby gifts???
Nicely done. “: owning a cat seems to be fairly standard. Haven't met many that couldn't hold their liquor.”
Library on a Saturday I'm officially #disgusted with myself
thanks!!! Looking forward to letting you hear it!
Marketing our staged reading. Lots of work. No time to work on craft. Off to stock nuts and fruit!
Enjoy the weekend!
ive been to San Antonio TWICE but never knew about you and alex at that time. ): *tear*
I'm wondering who has what it takes to be a LadyViven?! We are always looking! But please, we hire more than just a pretty face! Let's go!
Also, only the magic that is Howard Stern could prompt me to watch America's Got Talent tonight.
Great work - 10th year as anchor team. Past WISE Woman of the Year award winner!
I want to but my hair Thu sista until Wednesday.
Everything makes me cry. Wtf
Good Night everyone! Remember if your struggling with the natural hair or product process, please don't hesitate to call me at...
very true. I don't even know rap anymore. My iPod is filled w/ nas, jay, btnh, mobb deep, wu. Rap was good then
text me :)
Class this Saturday will be canceled due to a funeral
Just like mc lovin.... call me super bad.
Congratulations to for great turnout at Moore today for the kickoff
i don't eat shellfish. "fish sauce" typically means "do not eat" to me. wait what did you say about green curry?!?
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
my expectations rise in direct proportion to out-of-pocket expenses :)
Our oldest had his first Tball practice today and Dad coached.
Hoop tomorrow
Love and be loved.
i would love to kiss you for free if you want me too please
And to think he was watching Problem Child . . . that had to be fake laughs for sure lol
Don't know how that's gunna work out for me! Lol
He knows who is # 1 fan is, ME !!! stop being a hater,Aaron dont like that
lmaooo !! o thats what i like to hear ;-)
After watching the last episode I'd like to amend my answer. I'm gonna go with a Hanna/Marnie hybrid.
we are upstairs in the room to the right.
Wow those temps are amazing. Enjoy.
never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Thanks for following me! Del Voss
Hey Michael. Sorry, no tease. This is real life, I think. I'll work on the songs thing.
Time to turn off the laptop & fire up the range (if only it were an aubergine ). Dear is coming to dinner.
if I have any left i'll give you one! if not I'll def make you one over the weekend 😄
Baker!! Nice to see you perform/ share the stage with you at the showcase!!
They might. I look into it once I'm officially a student.
strava has really interesting route conflation and analysis. Interested to know how to do the same with OSM gps trace data
BTW isn't home. We aren't having twitter conversation from opposite sides of house. Tonight, anyway.
Thanks for entering our #KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway! So, what'd you have to eat ???
Happy New Year to you!
Thank you these links are helpful! Google was not pulling these up.
Cut up my roasted chicken, to romanie lettace, some cheese, zuchinni and yellow squash and creamy Orlando's dressing. Sound good?
you got our vote in round 2 of the mock mayoral race - and we hope to face off against you in round 3!
"DUDE! You have the Ultra Magnus of iPhones!" guy on campus regarding my rugged iPhone case.
Today, I took it easy on in ping pong and let him win two games.
Nice. It's a great tool for attendees to network
Bill, why do you tempt us with lizard links? why? share!
In USA people use Facebook to protest changes to Facebook
While this Renders, I shall Write.
Happy Birthday! Hope you're having a great day! :) <3
The Ga Dep of Juv Justice reports that 4 Atlanta's Fulton County, Black youth made up over 93% of total intake 4 criminal offenses
Fun Layout! Really liked it. Please keep me posted on your success!
lol were they someone who was use to having gas waiting for them like that ?
I has some Cheetos.
Are there fewer female comics out there b/c of how male comics treat them? I don't know. That's unrelated to anything I wrote.
Let's rethink this analogy - NGP=D-Wade, VAN+NUWS=LBJ+Bosh Patton = Haslem???
Another great evening at the track... Not to hot, not to cold, and perfect for motorcross!
The #knicks have a 20 point lead and only has 1 point.
Night RO! XO
Even though it's a dreary day out, I'm feeling some positive vibes.
oh you weirdo. Lol I only like one his songs and That's somebody to love.
TO hell with you democrats you'll need to go
Complete opposite.
LAST DAY for the buy 1 salad or sandwich and get 2nd 50%off, DINE IN ONLY, say "1942" at the register to receive the discount, Enjoy!
starting to worry that nova might be the odd man out, especially once pettite is ready. Thoughts?
miss ya more....u gotta come visit for memorial day
Who? Just kidding--even the fanciest have their guilty pleasures. Short answer? No. Long answer? No, sir.
The Daytona 500 might be rain delayed for a few days, but when it happens will win it
BTW: KI GO TO A MAGNET SKOOL AND WE HAVE TO WEAR UNIFORMS!
First day back and everyone is getting fratastic
people watching at departures gates is good fun...but waiting at the arrivals gate is even better... seeing people greeting each other a ...
Last minute hit tonight at Swing 46 with Felix and the Cats!
Awake  and as usual i missed just about evey single one of tweets last night  maybe il be lucky today tho 
Who's done their #SXSW homework? Is it too late to borrow the CliffsNotes?
was always an idiot pujols was better and that's from a #brewers fan
It's not fun untill you get frostbite
No worries. I do like the song.
Ridin around blowin on stink bombs
revolutions cannot be imagined until they happen
I GOT IT, I GOT IT, SO SO SO HAPPPYYYYYYYYYY,
This year has been full of work but also full of joy...I am so grateful with God first and with all of u my Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter
Just keep fighting. Remembering I'm blessed.
it is unusual for me.
RT : The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.*
Q5 I **LOVE** Pinterest - you report your #brand's news story or blog posts in pictures < get referring traffic!
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!! Im glad were connected and looking forward to seeing u all next Thurs@ our Radio event with
Can't believe that I can't find #Blossom tv series on DVD at the stores!!
I have to say, some of these Idol guys r really good. I hope the girls bring it Wed nite!!
ALSO A STRENGTH
thx for the explanation! you'll have to give us a try...if the tights didn't scare you away that is.
almost thought of posting my resume..but some1 at work talked me out of it...another said we make a difference not many places that's trueat
DC Comics Wonder Woman Symbol Distressed Youth T-Shirt
Whew! I'm so glad that you are! I was starting to worry. OH goody on the latte. Two sugars in the raw please. :-)
BEING THE LAST FUCKING SHOWER IN THE HOUSE, PISSES ME THE FUCK OF!!!
That's what I am to you? Crap... I would have said my Facebook Friend! or wife's ex-boss! ;) -
In your opionion, which is better Soy Milk or Almond Milk?
yeah, so it says in her facebook status. guess we're not going out
Gawd, I need Jakkob to give me a new blowout. Maybe I'll stop by the salon after my shopping spree.
ugh no one cares how u wanna do ur hair for prom u chunti hoodrats ugh ugh
Kobe would've missed too, so hush that noise...
Miller says he's 100% sure it will be fine by camp.
Now back to the microfilm, this time with a tasty chai to keep me awake :-)
parent: are you talking back to me? Kid: umm yeah? thats how you communicate!
thanks for the suggestion. Hope you had a safe trip back, and looks like I'll see you in July in Denver.
Love y'all to <3
What's your favorite track from our demos? Comment and tell us!
I think my name might be Shirt Pants
Yeah. There's always a hint of condescension in his voice. Never been a fan.
As a Central Austinite, I hereby deny the right of and to secede.
Thanks! It's my first time using it. Love it!
Our #FreeDrinkFriday announcements will be at 4pm and 7pm. Will you be ready?
Has anyone done a "You and I" mashup with and ?
That was favorite song when he was 2. In fact he requested they sing it in Sunday School once.
Wtf! I Must Be Tweakin, I Was Callin Because I Ain't Have A Ride To The Mall. So I'm Not Gon Be Able To Come #TeamFoll ...
I'm confused cause when I was watching it his boxers were gray...
Excuse me sir, hows your day? (:
wow, twitter w/o Bret... what will the world be like?!
Mad shout out to will follow back like me
Good morning Mr.
don't listen to Kayla, on some hey, Lor you need to be on BGC
Wiz and Tyga at Rock the Bells? You have got to be fucking joking. Fuck A$AP Rocky or whatever his stupid name is.
It ain't ya spit game , its ya dick game
RT This 1 goes out to from #aam09. "Our director is going over to attack the artifact people...let's go this way.."
He won't turn, but they're teasing it and I'd love to see it. But people will still cheer for him regardless.
They hated said you wouldn't make it now look where you at
... I assume you mean in the stu. center?
Phantom blow to the head call?
totally agree on that one. Grown folk make grown decisions.
This was my quote in my senior year yearbook...so funny!
I never realized how racist this movie was..lol
*laughs* sorry...
I'm volunteering!! See you there!
I've developed a recent addiction to hgtv
CRASH: I-5 SB- left hand emergency lane @ Norwood
Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind. ~Patanjali
Just got back from the #LAFitness gym. Did the #P90X #AbRipperX and plyometrics workouts.
I'm still a fan of the "Halal Halal" marketing angle
... oh & the only girl actually WATCHING the game
Time for Sunday sweatpants! Which according to means I'm unlikely to go anywhere tonight. Which is likely true.
At the Karl Strauss right near the reception. Join us!
Mandisa music marathon. LOVE her! please come to Missouri soon and bring & with you.
Rural Montana religious colonies fight labor law - KFVS
For why?
looks delicious, I will try that! Have you ever baked with sunflower seed butter? I have not but want to try that too...
This school year is gonna suck -_-
Thats a bit extreme sir.....
Could use 20 more followers to hit trip digits think you could help us out? Then RT!
"the smithsonian is the ultimate hoarder"
just around the corner...
id be upp, buuh they wouldn't be :o
So gucci mane and master p got a song together
Just got a full night of rest. Time to get ready for work!
I hate when it's cold outside and then I go in a warm place and my glasses fog up.
Wow, shocking! I never knew that! But I knew that Bret Michaels of Poison was a diabetic.
Losing Bogut was tough blow. Look at Magic, Bulls, same for Bucks without Bogut. We regrouped with trade.
On a separate note, I feel it is going to be a long season for our
When I have to fight the urge of thinking about you <<<
Derrick Rose! DO YOU KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK?!?
Feels so weird driving home and there's still daylight
turning my amp to 11 today
Thank you sir, I hope to make an appearance in HM one day
Nope, it was time to spread the wealth and send our marketing coordinator this year.
If you want a DM to Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio & Justin Bieber, then follow & tweet me 'DM' when you did!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas....in the office! Photos to follow!
80's Night Every Wednesday at Amber!!
love you to and when?
had rad meeting with scott today regarding music video. Got dates set and nearly ready to shoot. Locations nailed.
Second photoshoot of the day
Hahahaha now watching.. ;))
Huntsman: Believes everything should be up for budget cuts, including Dept. of Defense
people these days.
My lil nigga a shake sum.
Oh, so you're good at lying? haha
sully! today at school, i had an epiphany. i related my whole life right now to what you went through!
YOU ARE LUCKY ! my life is so boring now and days...i dont even have a valentine
My work out sneakers are ugly...but they are so damn comfortable
"Paul, you're wearing pants." "Yeah, and you were moisturizing on the way over." and I, on who is outgaying the other tonight.
the pottery gives you somethign to do while you are looking for work. Just enjoy it.
"If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you made me smile, I would have the whole night sky in the palm of my hand"
Definitely! Glad you had fun too!
was this on purpose to make people crazy? Job well done. That post is a grammatical apocalypse.
okay well I really hope you go!
Basically, I think it depends on development of behaviors. I'll bet your T&D/OD department could help...
home watchin the avengers wit vince saba hasann and his cousin
i thought twitter's purpose was to chat n meet diff. ppl, not to talk the same shit yu did on fb to the same 10 ppl smh.
In the great department store of life, baseball is the toy department. -Author Unknown
Looking forward to the Whitefield book!
you know you can sing w/ me whenever. Don't pretend like you can't.
I promise, i'll be the best you will ever get...just please always stand right next to my side.
you've never said anything I didn't find hilarious.
yes, it's definitely a soap opera but with British accents somehow it doesn't feel so trashy~ we love it!
so when we playing together again man? haha
RT I love how GOD uses the lives of ppl judged unworthy by the "super saved" 2 accomplish what their arrogant religion couldn't.
where are you looking big guy?
Sister: "When I get married and start working, my money is my money. And his money is OUR money." LMFAO!!! She's so weird! :P
Time to play tourist this weekend!
who winning and y dey arguing
"To save mankind from a talking comet, yes!"
fuck a 'good season'
G'Night && Happy New Year :)!
one of the best games I've ever seen. sorry the season ended. stay hungry
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself
im cryin....... im dead ass cryin
mayweather SUCKS ;D
haha no problem! I had to prove to you that I don't faint anymore.
Just need to write a conclusion about women's magazines & I'M DONE !
Hey happy birthday and I had a great time last night! Thanks for having us over!
The movie Forrest Gump brings back so many good memories. 😊
I work w/ Boudoir night club on 7th & C. SD's newest & hottest club. When u coming through to check it out?
Ladies LOVE country BOYS!! 
Dir. Eide tells audience public expectations are growing for protecting safety regarding radiological preparedness.
Ah, thanks
How come the #ows people don't recruit homeless. They already sleep on the streets ....
I got the ustream up yall who goin tune in to ep#1 Of the jones tv
Yes I hate you...
only thing that Hyundai commercial needed was James Cannup.
no!!! I I had it I don't remember at all... O well bacon beer!!!!!!
WOW. Joe Hart, Man City, unlucky..
LIKE! RT : Today is #WorldAIDSDay! We're giving 10% of all proceeds to ! Pls RT!
DH center @ Emory embedded in 'Research Commons' division. Interesting!
Who knows a company that would like to put some snacks, cupcakes or yummy eats in our VIP bags?
can't wait dude haha
The intellectual investment of social media is the most time-consuming
Just shot in the dark that ya just might, be the one i've been waiting for my whole life.
Check us out on Facebook: Coastal Aquatic Creations
hey sean i love your work i love you get better soon!!
Help! and : my phone server is still down. No message capabilities at all. Desperate situation here.
Espys tomorrow night all star game tonight don't forget
I guess I can wait for Buddy Guy a little longer. Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band is up.
What is twitter jail!?
This session reminds me of how dope arrangements were
naps are never a bad idea.
When your hearts set on something, do it. Don't give up, no matter what. Fight for it if you really believe in it. I'll always fight.
The Black Keys Pandora station is by far the best one you could create. Just badass music throughout. Could listen to it all day
well - there you go. Star Trek it is!
I gasped aloud when I found out why Junior Seau was trending (I was at USC when he was). I saw he had a TV show; I thought he was dong fine!
I'm coloring my daughter's shoes with a pink marker. That's not nearly as weird as touching up my roots with a brown one, right?
#GoTribe Indians go hard #go tribe
Well this really sucks, im about to just take my phone, ipod, and computer and throw them in a lake. #no use anyways
Yes! See you there! RT : On way to KC! Looking forward to seeing good friends & being inspired by energetic family docs
For part time," after he told them he's a part-time model. Thanks to Why Dominic got the name PT
ooc; with who
Earth Defense Force is out, alien bugs attack the world! Check out a few music tracks from this great game from D3Publisher and Vicious C…
4th term! Thanks!!
My oline sucks right now. It's impossible to play with and getting sacked every play doesn't help -___-
I want a Havanese puppy 🐶
Can't say enough about how your teaching has promoted my success! Looking forward to more of the same! Happy 2011!
have u gone on a road trip with the wee one?
So tempted..hmph :/
www.robertasparta.com NEW HOME PAGE!ENJOY!!!!
Thanks - hope you have a marvelous week :-)
aham.But go to his concert in L.A.!
So, how was CC?
Off to IYG .
u welcome....
it came frum the heart nd she's only 6 so ya
...three weeks left > back in school the first week in June.
I hope you tweet about it later, though! Just to give your loyal followers an overview
thinking of heading out to Mount Hood (Wy'East) on my 2nd to last weekend in Portland - 70ies both days!
Of everyone I follow you are by far the most worthwhile.
wow! I need to start traveling again.
Happy Halloween! Be sure to get to 5 Points for the East Side pub crawl!!
This time I read it and thought undignified and futile
Memo to Alec Baldwin...crazy is as crazy does..
I can feel my brain slowly malfunctioning. Must be time for bed.... Or time to watch another episode of merlin? #relax or #sleep ??
Album out in 2 days!
CLUCK CLUCK CLUCK
Good Morning!!! :)
Contact today to start your marketing campaign! Email blasts, Social media & Ground marketing & more! DM me now!
Everyday I just keep Wong reminded of how blessed I am.
BACK AT YA LIKE I NEVA LEFT.... S/O TO U! ALWAYS KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YA NETWORK U NEVA KNOW WHEN U MIGHT NEED IT...
If U will come here someday :D
Some me love!!!!
Go Tribe!
- Just heard a killer song by on XPN2... loved it! Sounded like early Replacements.
some of our supplies are on back order. Email us for details: austinfacialhairclub <at> gmail
HELLO ! #Creative should be Onward Search's middle name. Talk soon!
Tonight's ep of #PLL was so intense!! I was so scared for the girls just watching it! Lol
Im on my twitter shit today!
We'll be looking for a roommate soon. Anyone (seriously) interested in moving to Los Angeles? Rent will be $500 a month. DM me!
RT GOP base still backs Cain after he assures them that while he was harassing women he was never for one moment Mitt Romney
2 years ago today, I married my best friend.
Spa day in Richmond with the girls!!!
yup, no phones in church, haha
Day from hell finally over!
LA's fourth quarter defensive strategy: put 5 guys on Lawson and Afflalo.
Thumb Thru Check Summertime Time Get Money !
Time to hit the road
hahahahahahahahahaha do u sing a song everyday in class
cool! Have a good one !
Fear the beard!
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, strong enough to fix them, and smart enough to listen to me next time ;)
sure.. kasi Jolo can't go...
Day 2? ENOUGH already.... ozzy is a waste of your air time. Lets get to the sport talk in english. -
50 degrees and raining in Sf???? What happened to summer!
HR beware of your unsavory tactics.
Awww too cute!
Morning runs around Rock Creek Park and the DC monuments on a sunny day make me think DC is simply gorgeous
They're not particularly gay. Just ugly. Lots of heterosexual guys wear really ugly shirts. No reason not to apply to socks.
what'd you get him? Lol, and hmm thats weird.
Cute! Pattern link?
High school playoffs tipping off soon; who's the team likely to win it all in your city/state?
Lets go Rangers! Here we go
our personal accounts are and so you know who we are :)
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
who is vincent?? I love my mini mab bag
No problem! PS. I am currently obsessed with the 50 Magellano. One of the most beautiful, unique yachts I've ever seen!
happy mothers day 
This just in: An admiral from the Navy will be speaking at our club during the Sailabration. We'll let you know who and when.
Please tell in 140 characters or less
Yep, DuPont circle. The 'Hot Now' sign was up. It's a lie.
#nov1st is gunna be a great day! Happy early xmas (;
everyone is beautiful. don't listen to society because society is SHIT. all of it. that's why no one has self-esteem these days.
#Must follow
i missed first 25 minutes of show. i wonder if news will infiorm #Vegas about similar difficulties tomorrow?
Those annoying girls who always try to flirt with guys who have girlfriends. Go away!
High Point Christian School Auction happening this Saturday at 6pm!
Wise man. You will love the feeling of a bike. Nothing like it!
you definitely picked a party girl ;) check ur DM! Thanks for the follow, love...
You'll be in AZ 6/28 but I'm planning on going to the California dates too to follow you guys all the way til AZ. Sound good?
Now that the Packers schedule is out, I can finally work on my weekends home this fall ;-) time it also for broncos away weekends ?
Thanks you Henderson for all your labeling help two weekends in a row! Wow..what a trooper!
What museums does everyone particularly recommend in Denver & why? DAM is a given. thanks!
redline is packed all day, also the Howard park and ride is full everyday too.
wats good ppl im cripin and u should be to.
burnt end sandwhich, cheesey corn and beans. Its the best kept secret in KC.
Can't do everything at once.
I figured it was only a matter of time before we found a copy of The Smiths' s/t album (feat. Joe Dallesandro on cover) in a
I am unfollowing everyone one my Tl who says free boosie , like for real
Please follow me, i see you right now in the TV.
Someone help me trend something big time rush. how about, #BTRSeason3TONIGHT ♥ ? hellppp mee people.
BORN BY MYSELF DIE BY MYSELF ''FUCK YALL NIGGAS''
Taking a deep breath and having some lunch. Thanks for reminding me about QOL, !
good read? What's the genre?
I sat; I looked out my window; I waited for spring. Baseball is here and I'll be there, Sunday, Miller Park.
where can I see them or buy it?? Please RT thanks :)
I hope it rains tonight. ☂
King Philip of Macedon appointed Aristotle as tutor of his son Alexander the Great. Alexander then funded Aristotle's zoo and botanicals
The guys in the new liquid plumber commercial are fucking hot.
This time last year I was riding home, miserable on the NYC subway. Man, life is amazing.
Moving today :-)
Just found out my sister got jumped. Oh we jumping now? Fucking weak as' wait till I find out I will make sure you don't jump again.
"Money can't buy love but it improves your bargaining position" -Laurence J Peter
Its 305 and I cant sleep knowing I gat shit 2 do in da am
The girl working at this coffee shop is kind of cute, so i'm just going to sit here quietly until we're married.
I HATE drama!!! But if u bring it to my phone, house, fb, twitter just know ima finish that shit.
ok. I was confused. :-)
Agreed, makes me CRAZY RT : Why do people insist on putting an "S" to some restaurants? It's Vapiano, Dino. No "S" at the end.
On Duck Dynasty they said "haters gonna hate" and I automatticly thought of 's quote "haters gonna hate,mahomies gonna love"<3
I think every fake Mexican place presses their tortillas...
oh yes. And we have your favorite style of wings. Choose from three choices... Team roots...
You won't know from the outset what comes next, but that's what taking risks entails.
..I Been Dreaming For This Moment..
Oh, the sabres must be playing then
Staying at Pop's Lake for #phish at SPAC? I rented a school bus to get us there & back. Message me if interested. $20 round trip each nite.
Facebook.com/pages/Joey-Diamond/58023042775 ( )
To me the young crowd can hear more about what's going on & seniors can share pics of their grandkids during story time.
Celebrate your victories with healthy treats. Instead of going out for dinner, go dancing. Instead of buying a new TV, buy a new elliptical.
Wooster Ohio for my brothers graduation! Yahoo! I'm scared tho 4 real so TV will keep me safe
About to get off work, go to the gym and relax.... Oh, I need to wash clothes too
i wish i could.
Okay, ok - u wait until this time to start blasting your music???
are you in So Cal all weekend? I'll be in Los Angeles Friday night.
Halftime USF 1 - 1 Louisville. Louisville 10 shots with 7 on goal are really pressing hard, Let's go Bulls step it up!
Laughing out loud about taking out his neighbors mailbox!
this drama is not worth it...
Perfect time of year. You should definitely do it. And yes, it's like Austin, so you'll love it!
Cleveland is bearly holding on, but theres no doubt they will pull it out.
Agnes been mad hype for the past 3 hours..keeping me from my damn nap -___-
Let's go rangers!
Happy Birthday ! 😊
Gorgeous, gorgeous day! Love walking to work on days like this
24 hours is just not enough time in a day for me to do what I gotta do.
Win Bonnaroo tickets by helping hungry pets
awesome! Are you hanging out with ??
Finally finished typing up the #WestTexasinterviews from November! Just in time to head to TX again next week for round two of interviews.
just turned back to the #sabres game, looks like they are skating even slower, is that even possible? #SCdebate way more interesting
Traveling to #NACUA conference on Sunday? Build in extra time. S.F. Pride Parade expects to draw 750K people and affect traffic near hotel.
Its okay to change the methods; but don’t touch the message. Share the message in places where people are most likely to receive it.
Rise and Grind World
Goodnight Carter.
that show is hilarious!
Crumb life
of course
He said "U wanna get a hampster & we can share custody."
Can you submit your event form & we'll help promote it on FB/Twitter.
advice- do bicep curls before you take the ice to keep arm bands up.
Start new school today Epic MMA. Now I will not have to go 3 places
#besttoyever my #smartphone -- Love using !
did you make poor jeff come help you paint the Tech Room :)
CJ, perhaps you should give them away as gifts to your staff as advertising ;-)
Does everyone deserve #PR representation regardless of ethics? answers a toughy. Simple answer: "No." Sometimes it's right v right
Happy Hanukkah everyone! How are you celebrating?
The greatest need right now is turkeys. They can dropped off @ 1130 Park Ave West. But anything helps! THX!!
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad show up to their house unannounced
Listening to Rick James super freak
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dead Man Walking
Funny... Some girl that looked like a ring girl just ran across the stage.
Great, thanks for all the insight!
Gonna swing by and scream some screams as Pat "Rock You Until You Bleed" Young breaks the world record: Tremble, mortals.
OMG RT : Spending the balance of the evening translating bananagrams into Ukrainian. Peace Corps life is pretty awesome sometimes.
In scientific writing, and otherwise, avoid commas, that are, really, unnecessary.
C.R.E.A.M. - Wu Tang Clan
It is 3*F (-16*C) outside with over 15* wind-chill below that. The Snow shoveling Party is in the morning!
Working on my memo, watching The Amazing Race and enjoying my stress relief tea!
Just found out that 's recently opened SCLC files at MARBL have info about the org's anti-apartheid actions. Awesome!
I hate this school.
I've said it a thousand times already, I don't have any friends. I don't need friends either. I have music. (:
they could have the police go check up on her.
Russell Westbrook pull up.
What did your Mom say would happen if you didn't brush your teeth?
on the air! listen in to the Brenna & Brenna Law Forum on ! Listener Tribute Show with Giveaways! Call in!
One leg is Christmas, the other is Thanksgiving.. Can I meet in between the holidays?
Please pray for his family. They are morning, but know he is in a much better place in God's loving arms. He will be missed by many.
Sitting in Step Bench because my toes keep getting mutilated by furniture that hates me
WILL resend it...
I need to drink until I can't ask for anymore, to forget.
Fingers tired from typing, eyes tired of looking at a computer screen.
Thanks for stopping in @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead)
congrats on the son big man. you're gonna be a hell of a dad
If you love Hello Kitty and are not watching America's Next Top Model this very second, you. are. missing. out.
Attn bicycle riders, I'm all for sharing the road, but the same rules apply. Driving all over, skipping lights and such make me lose respect
That's my fear. Maybe I will introduce Prezi earlier in the Unit and let them play with it. Thanks for the input!
hahaha I love reading these!
thanks for the follow.
Did I just see the Newsroom dancing to #CallMeMaybe, vídeo to come!
Stop talking about the free market. Cave men participated in the free market and all they did was murder each other all day.
the louder I play my music, the more I clean
On a rainy day, remember to wear a raincoat. When we adjust to a situation and "dress" accordingly we are more likely to be happy.
Wow, over sensitive hockey fans! You all need to watch NBA big men go to work.
its really awful unfortunately. The joke here is "I was feeling lazy so I took my bike instead of metro"
Dont ask about me, ask me!!!
yes keep making that hot fire
yayyyy kevin hart is hosting the
"Wait... Isn't crack weed?"
Slightly overweight torch carrier-but he did resist as he passed pork pie shop!success!
and trust we are all excited!
Nice to be back playing men's league again!
SO READY FOR NEXT WEEKEND....NEED A BREAK FROM THE SAME ROUTINE
I might sound bitter when I say this but I do regret wasting my time. I can't gain back feelings and emotions that were wasted.
Follow me n I'll follow u bck(=
I feel like my mom was buggin out about something , but I don't remember if it was exactly that. You know how my mom is lol
when you a rapper you get beef imma make the first dis track about you let's have fun ctfu
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
your so annoying now.
I haven't had cable since 2005 so I haven't seen the trailers. But they must be pretty awesome to get so many ppl THIS excited :)
Two wine dinners in one week! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed both, we will let our #Bacchusmke team know!
Okay I start crying when I see lightning.. Like I'm terrified.... I start shaking.
I open to suggestions. I'm still dressed from work.
excellent lunch and dinner at haven yesterday. i think i may move in.
I'm tryna get on yo level
Well Good night sweet dreams ^.^
Just set reminders for tickets tomorrow at 10am + get season pass by June 30.
Howie From Maui did make me piss my pants. Thanks.
Put me in a place with a dance floor or room to dance and it's over. I can go for hour. I just need a water bottle and space.
It's Friday :)
- cool dude to be around.
Happy Thanksgiving.Enjoy time with family and friends.Love you all.
Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch.
~Frederich Nietzsche, Thus Spake ZarathustraThe greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness .
glad you like them! :)
": Still amazed by the beauty of the winter this year." And Britney this Friday!
I was tempted to not even get out of bed today.
horror short tomorrow yay! cant wait to get bloody :) :)
The Pixies - Where Is My Mind
I yield the field to :-) RT : Or take mine. showdown!
just came back a school dance and it was GREAT (:
...or the bride of frankenstein.
stop waiting for the wind to push you, just grab the oars and row the darn boat
the smell of freshly cut grass >
you had me at "Death"
Still not sure whether I should keep this gray hair and look old or pluck it and look bald.
I LOVE weddings, mainly to dress up, get drunk and dance all night.
how about "Humid, All Too Humid."
The delicious Robot Cafe will not be closing until 10 pm today and tomorrow. Stoy by & Grab a bite to eat!
I'm sorry I've been busy darling
"Just heard Depeche Mode and thought of you..." This is what I was talking about.....
This has been the longest day ever.
I Play By My Own Game & Play Off Yo Game
Did anyone else catch that #pumpedupkicks baseline at this morning? Sneaky
Fantastic! I'm deciding whether to wait six months for the US edition to come out or just to buy the UK one now. :)
Bored bout to entertain myself
Amish blueberry jam there's not enough in the world
Uhm, until recently it was trolling people at SXSWi on Twitter. But I'll have updates on more productive endeavors soon.
Deleting someone's Pokemon game should be punishable by death.
RT : Yes. We’ve used games with several clients, including VeriSign, Rackspace, Cisco, and Jive, to name a few.
My mom drives me crazy
happy thanksgiving!<3333
#WomenWhoTech all speaking at
Life's a fucking bitch.
RT : More filed to ESPN: And now that Manning has told his agent to make deal with Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tim Tebow
BSG thanks all Veteran's who have served in our Armed Forces! Without your sacrifice, we wouldn't be the Land of the Free!
Love it! and is quickly becoming a new favorite of ours!
So they say "Real Recognize Real" Is that still Real<<<<<<
Out drinking and stuff. For fun. I could get used to this.
cheating is just another way of saying you weren't good enough .
Yadkin Bridge on I-85, coming along, road closed 10 p.m.-6 a.m., both ways. MT : Mile Marker 86, Night Construction.
I think they call this progress... first grad school student loan payment is due TODAY!
My thoughts go out to my family and friends in
Joe Karaganis (Columbia) on media piracy in emerging economies. Arr! #bcltorphanworks To fight it, what can change? Tech, income, or prices?
Damn! I retweeted the wrong tweet ;-)
it's sad that caring about civil liberties and saying Obama also needs held accountable makes someone automatically repub? Wow.
#thevoice I love you cee lo green!!! Will you marry me???????
Give a Rose @};->-- To Everyone You Care About, See If You Can Get A Dozen Before Valentines Day ♥♥♥ ♥ Thank You
For sure! Very much looking forward to the #Tonys!
well I know we dont know each other like that but im your friend and willing to be your friend.
Writing, writing, wedding stuff, working, sleep, work, writing, work.
Hello to our newest follower Have a great day
A little over a week ago Kanye West announced that he would be remixing the (infectious) track "I Don't Like" from Chica
you are followed by someone I followed - I think. And you're in Portland.
James Franco is in Arlington...omg,someone take me to arlington please.
I need to run faster... at about 2miles/14mins i need to get to 12mins
did you make those?
Hey today @ BDW we have the BYOD buid your own dog combo for 6.25
I hate politics! And I do not use the word hate very often...
about being ran over by a bus
Powerful messaging that paints a picture of "the Mexico you don't know" via video.
Didn't think so....
No sleeping for this girl tonight cause I'm voting for :D <3
RT MFG award winner Woody Allen honored with an Oscar for Midnight in Paris. #oscars // Yes, we're glad!
Watching TV , and u?
great show at the Smithsonian today!
Where can runners complain to regarding treatment of a runner by Seattle police?
too cute...the store in cross county...is just the CUTEST store ever
Let the eBook talks begin
SEC v. Goldman Sachs highlights need for proper “material” disclosures in offering docs. What analysis was done by Goldman’s legal dept?
just never forget me *hugs*
obvs.bby.and itll go out with harry and louis' baby x
to HELL with "hannies" picture, I WANT ONE FOR MY OWN PURPOSES! Haha
#formysweet16 HE ASKED ME TO A PARTY..BUT IT WAS HIS EMPTY ASS HOUSE..NOT A CREATURE STIRRED FUCKING PERVERTED LOUSE..LOL HE SAID KICK BACK
no fucks given nowadays
Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrations and revolutionists-- FDR.
Watching Power Puff Girls!!!!!
The weather man predicted lows in the 70's.......and yet I am cleaning windows in the snow. Go figure.
that's because it is such a great story!
awesome!!! I do to. I use it like coffee...and tell people I simply cannot exist without it.
Hung this on my desk in college RT We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. –Aristotle
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Los Angeles police spokesman: Famed hairdresser Vidal Sassoon dead at age 84.
Glad to know that Ian Astbury is making a little $ during the Super Bowl
You raise a fair point.
Thanks so much Ken.
Just when I thought it was safe to open mail box. Crap Jury Duty notice this should be fun. At least no governors are on trial.
The best part of #ThenIHitThatShoulderDance is that I picture doing it.
Celtics F Paul Pierce sprained his left knee during shootaround before Sunday's Game 4 win over ATL. He's questionable for Game 5 Tuesday.
Wheres my filter lol! RT : If a #Libra was uncensored 24/7 & said everything that came to mind, there would be no happiness.
Reading the LRB with an after-work scotch, all hearth & habit.
Anyone going to the NAMM Show in LA?
Football should be the only thing watched on Sundays!
Fred brill: can't wait for state to provide world class Ed. We have to figure out new ways to get $$.
why is the mls holding its championship at a time slot when 75% of the youth in America won't be able to watch?
huh? english please lol
I am a man, and I am also adorable :)
This looks delightful. Thanks for the great idea!
was your account hacked again?! ; )
Its freezing at the park:(
Hells yeah, what does your Wednesday look like?
Its going down @ 44 lounge 25 & up dimino & spades tourn byob food live Dj right now until come out and party E MountHouston and Homestead
finally listened to 's #symphonysolider album and died.
i think u just call the dogs
found my sister..
New vid. comin wednesday for "no problems" prod by visual by @
Thanks #davidletterman for #drumsoloweek - perfect ending last night with
aw I'm sorry baby 😥
Feelin some type of way..
I really hate dealing with drunk people when I'm sober and I already know this sake is going to do my mother in
thanks, I'm super excited!
Never let a man on a pedestal be the first to inform you.
That awkward moment when Amanda and I flash each other and we realize we're wearing the same bra #bestfriendbonding we didn't plan this
Man I woke up this morning and my head was pounding and I couldn't breath out of my nose, Hahaha damn I freaked out
Happy Birthday Brotha!!!!
Im so tired of being used, I fucking hate my exs. Stuck up bitches, that constantly need cock to live in life fuck
S/O to the best ball player to never play for me!! Thanks for the follow!! Hope all is well!!'
Hit another huge thesis jackpot today! As much as I want to graduate, I will be sorry to see this end...
"I think we need to get hammered and look at some dildos." - on our joint birthday party with
Couple a's b'zc's bad bitch double d's poppin e's i dont give a f told ya imma g
Couldnt be happier cats won and with
The homemade potato chips from Red Stag must come from ginormous potatoes. They're more like potato sheets.
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
Mommy time is over now that the kids are up from naps! Bye quiet time!
haha that's whats up...I wish u would of told me earlier but I already have 2 weddings and I think I may be going to NYC
Outer JAMMED approaching I-95 (College Park) - overturned vehicle blocking two lanes
": why da hell u gone upload a picture then caption it "omg im ugly" ? what the hell u upload it for then?" I HATE that shit
halftime shows are usually pretty lame, it's good to see a real baller out there to give it a little validity
talking to yourself again :)
SFX links should work same as it did in classic UI. Check the Admin tool to confirm it has the right OpenURL settings?
This is exciting! Do you have the tour itinery? Susan at Auberge on the Vineyard
chillin, what's up..
#getoverit rocked the #TEDActive stage with her limitless living. Giving that talk might have been harder than tough mudder!
I hear you, been losing weight myself. Looking forward to and dreading the day I need to buy a new wardrobe.
To everyone who feels alone, im always the here <3 <3
I said plenty, get some sleep, ur too easy to beat when ur tired.
Hi! I would love it if you follow me back. Then we can join forces in the name of our common cause, to fight abuse. Tx
Right, so cripple the hospitals. Sorry, nose, but the face must be spited.
:o yes yes i am. you are followed by zayn's favorite veggie
Never liked French toast. There. I feel better.
Attended the bill signing ceremony today for House Bill 2001, the Parole Bill that was passed early in the session.
It's pouring rain this morning and I love it!
If i woke up next you CieraMariexoxo
Think ima run away to the country for a while since nobody cares to check on me. *cough!* lol.
RIP Junior Seau, this Broncos fan will always respect you game!
We had a GREAT TIME today with Music a la Mode! See you kids again, on NOVEMBER 11th!!!
My Favorite #Finance follows!! #FF if ya don't know well...
LOL, Artun!!!! Hope You had an Awesome Thanksgiving! Why has it taken me this long to find You on Twitter? Er. :)
No time between sessions to play angry birds. Too many great exhibitors and new HR products to see.
nice have fun
My guess is because you never went to medical school.
The number of people who die in #lawschool-exam-problem-related plane crashes is 30000% higher than the national average.
The first email newsletter happens Sunday - HUGE announcement. Sign up on our site www.ttfest.com, on the right side. Giveaways coming too!
Bout to touchdown in Atlanta I'm so amped right now
For my own information, that comes out to 79.9GB of data. Should I just get the largest HD I can get?
that's true, but before she was mean about it. She was nicer for some reason.
How do I get a cartoon face like ?
christmas is almost here, you know what that means. BIITTCCHHHEESSS. i mean presents, i had my holidays mixed up.
take us through the narrow door from which an endless river flows into a new body-wounded but unafraid; through JC, the passion of God. Amen
Someone near Navajo Dam, on the San Juan River, fell and has been badly hurt. Emergency responders flew to the scene in a helicopter.
#Denver looking forward to announcing the keynote speakers for the #ShineYourDivine Conference raise your
You've been busy globe trotting. Looking forward to your visit and catching up :-)
Test today revealed high radon levels in Clayton's Glen Laurel neighborhood. Test your home today!
I need to learn flash photography and now!!! any good tips are welcome!
you performing? Where is standard at thoggy
Always do the things u fear most
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership
Welcome to the playoffs Landry Fields.
i think taylor swift is talented but i dont really like her that much
haha...it's the gift that keeps on giving!!
Congratulations!!!! Well Deserved! First Time I watched the whole show and repeatedly. Happy Turkey Day!! smooches
I always miss out on the turducken wtf'in!
#cupertino is trending!!!
yea most people use it as a primary...
Get 30% off your purchase at Vitamin World! Hurry in before it's too late, pick up your coupon at the concierge desk today.
#SlowFood #Rochester farm dinner was a blast! Who would've thought that Honeyhill Farm's CSA members were all gourmet chefs?
apparently! *shudders*
There is the Holiday Inn about a block or so away. Group code "EG5".
#SouthParkQuotes "Man-bear-pig: Half man, half bear.......half pig"
thanks for following me ....lets work together soon .
"Problems in relationship occur because each person is concentrating on what is missing in the other person.."
That's really cool,Is it home based or at a location? I look forward to maybe one day working together.
and you a fat cat
What are two goals you have for your business this year?
where do you see yourself 10 years from now?
Chicago wouldn't mind having you!
now I am drawing a blank, I am gonna google him
Sometimes locations aren't worth the effort. Shooting at f2.8 , I could have shot in a messy house
Christmas in July. Present arrives on a jetplane :)
Thanks for recommending us! Sending some #followfriday love right backatcha!
Enjoying Cirque du Vin tonight. Fun fruity red wine that is very refreshing.
i didnt do that.. its the other way around
Almost finals season! Academic excellence today leads to a GOLDEN future tomorrow.
Mr.Magoo made my Mother's Day official by puking on me in the car...-_-
yeah, it's called the bright side of waking up at 4am. :-)
Its to early for work.. Why do I have to be opening manager? I wanna be late!!
come to club brady
Wasn't that a Captain & Tennile song? "Bacon will keep us together"
I have developed a weird habit of reaching up to adjust my glasses even when I'm not wearing them.
So at american jewelry loan Lmaoo thiss ppl look mad ass fuck !
Tracy: Google has a rule that software engineers can't be more than 100 ft from food!? Why don't librarians have this rule???
Not surprised the Giants are winning, they just want it more..... bastards
So apparently I get hard off bananas with my imaginary penis thats in my pants.
If I'm not friends with u when I'm sober I sure As hell won't be when I'm drunk.
Hey here's some lacrosse news for you. North Carolina upsets No. 1 John Hopkins 13-9.
all i want for christmas is you :) <3
just did.
Cheers! RT : Until coffee gained popularity, beer was the breakfast beverage of choice in some parts of the United States.
I have my middle finger in the air && don give af
Why do the baseball gods hate the Pittsburgh Pirates?
I'm faded, faded, faded haha.
Dreams are nothing without doing something with them....
Most Daves in one post ever. Or is it...
Damn Jeet 2 double plays???? Well at least we are on the board
Thanks Dr. V!
Just passed Newt Gingrich trudging solo across K street. That guy REALLY looks like he needs a hug. And a graceful exit strategy.
Come check us out today in forest! Opening available today:) 525.1105
Good night, friend. Keep up the great work :)
Hate cry babies
daughter.-b Don’t go to glean in another field. Don’t go elsewhere, but stay here close to my girls. 9Keep your eyes on the #Torah 34/99
Very, very good. : I will get back to you. If I come with , what are the chances you could bench press him?
PIERRE Just landed #Franklin Park on a beautiful day!!
nuthing bored as always noone realli gets in touch wit me for anything
Maestas attrny,Thomson: in regards to why you didn't ask for one more day: seemed like the judge was always "leaving on a jet plane."
Seek God first
Happy Mother's Day Moms and Happy Mr. Moms Day to all single custodial Dads!!!!!
I'm not a doll collector but that #barbie bitch #goddessofthegalaxy doll is not 2 b f**ked w/
Modern stuff like Truecrypt and Bitlocker makes it very easy to have that much security. Easy + high security = win.
“: I better see her tonight.”//she'll be at my house tonight if you wanna stop by!
So you're gonna wave off a 16 vs dealer's 9 and then get mad at her when you lose. Yeah, it's HER fault that you suck!
aw, that's so sweet hb I get you a cute card with a buddie on it n a candy cane? :}
if i ever make a puckered-lips-kiss-face in a picture, feel free to punch me in the face
didnt Mo Williams have a thing with/for Lebrons momma?
Walked into with $40. Walked out with $800. Yeah rent money!!
Anybody use for sources? Currently doing a 60-day free trial.
Donors felt international monetary donations were more susceptible to corruption and misuse
youtube & twitter....biggest distractions ever (-____-)
Oh, I got many crushes! What about you? ;)
yay! Guess I'll see you then? ;-)
Kimbe and Della at Salon Ramsey Buckhead are the greatest sprits walking. Thanks 4 your kind hearts. Rita Brown
“: Blessed to see another day. 🙏”
As much as I love the walk-off wins, I'd prefer they stop blowing leads
why will she have u Jailed? are u ending world peace?
Last set at the gym I throw on Mercy halfway thru Ye's verse so that the "2 chaiiiinz!" yell gets me through the last push lmao
We can't buy luck, but I can try stealing it from you.
About to go hang out and clear my mind.
haha yes. It was good!
Sometimes I don't mind a rainy day. I know the sun will soon come
Im kinda tired tbh ..
Scary. Glad you survived. I saw you talk at BSides LV 2010.
Who Savana? QT : u know who I'm Talkin bout
LOF resident Jennifer Berk is presenting new works tonight at LOF/g from 6:00-8:00 pm. Please come and show your support!
My favorite! I have been waiting for that! Just made my day!
would you do the same with me ? Even though you Should
Love the bpt option
Twitter builds culture! Tony Hsieh
lol This is true haha yeah I can't wait though for this week to be over finals really suck lol I hatte studying
Likely I'll be sound Sat during say and Mon. Exact time will depend on weather.
Thanks for the follow. Cute photo.
words 2 live by!!
A cold shower can increase fat loss, enhance pain and stress tolerance, strengthen immunity, ward off depression, and the list goes on...
I'll b back b4 u know it
Point is daddy bloggers' growing influence could help the whole country get real about babies.
80's band tonight! The Crunch Monkeys rock 9pm. Come let loose and have some fun
Mike Brown let's see what u got!!
#illbeatchoass if you don't wish a happy birthday! oh and
Lol Ryan hates me cause yolo
Superbowl Sunday..... friends, family, food and frothy beer. Good frackin beer! Have fun and be safe tweeps!
I don't want someone who tweets in a foreign language... or do I? Maybe that's a great way to learn a new language! :)
im just going to go and sleep for the rest of my life.
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
I'm truly thankful for another day!!
- Thank for your your retweets. We appreciate it
Yes! That would be a freakin blast.
Lady on the train giving baltimore recommendations: phillips seafood and power plant live. She would be wise to start reading Bohs and o's
hey follow me too :'D
This pass weekend I was not sober
night tweeters and wat tf is twitter jail
I'm good thanks! And school here is amazing, so is New York.. Hbu??
my co-worker is emailing another co-worker to see if I've gotten an interview for a job we both applied for. Just ask me. sheesh.
Watching it. She's been through a lot but she's a great artist. People wanted to blame her simply because of her fame.
On days like this, I'm so thankful I have a huge pool. 🏊☀👙
No, but the argument before was that Montana should be in the CFHOF, and mostly for what he did after his CFB career.
i'd say my collection of #davidhasselhoff action figures is worth a least 2 in the bush
lol she's getting big!
hahaha!!! I bought ME2 and 3 for PS3 to play as femshep. I don't think mine will have Minaj donk though I do like donk.
You should check it out - amazing place with lots of funky and cool stuff, local artists galore (and gore)!
It's ok. All my Yankee Tweeps aren't paying attention yet.
that page is more interesting viewed on a phone
Your's too?! :) RT : My dog's breath smells like the devil's farts.
I could listen to Mike Tyson talk all week
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Justin Bieber.
I got your postcard in the mail today Thank you! See you in Baltimore in July. BTW, RU planning any campaign events in DC?
your only mistake is not having a website and merchandise - what's up
Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks to for the RT. I can always count on him!
I have my own problems.My own friends.My own relationships.There not yours ,so worry about yourself. I can handle what life hands me.
If Ramon Sessions guarding Westbrook sounds like a stupid idea, I like it.
Ahh Found my Ex's #Yankees Shirt. So wearing it 2morrow ! & Yes I still have his Clothes & his #Yankees Jacket !
Unlikely. Pump price rarely goes down when barrel prices goes down, but the reverse is not true.
Thank you, and I am following you. (MaSalam Alaikim, or AhlSalam Alaikim in Egypt? Mostly the latter in Kuwait 25 yrs ago)
When's the cutoff?
Is today the day is gonna follow me? i hope so :D
Happy Birthday to Stephen Marley EARLY--
Game of Thrones and Mad Men - best night of TV.
RT : RU going to enjoy Tequila on Cinco de Mayo? What is your favorite sipping tequila? Please share & follow 2 ...
I think this is the most intelligent thing that I have heard regarding sex work all year!
Awee she's crying:(
This Thunder Fan wants to go to the Yankee Doodle Tap Room! #tweetyourseat Sec 20 Row BB Seat 2!!
heh heh! I was actually just thinking "hot damn! Now I get to go wedding shoe shopping!!" :)
When you anger someone because you said NO to them, they react by inventing rumors about you to TRY and bring you down. Keep trying ;) haha
Damn its raining dime pieces @ my audition #ILoveDaisyDukes - XavierLT.com
Rep. Rukavina was floored that I could be Croatian and conservative. What a hoot he was to have in the Retiring Room.
going to get to use that snow blower? :-)
All that mammal gland stuff must have a whale of a mammalian attraction. This came to me in a flash!
3am wake-up didn't feel that early 3 hours ago. It does now.
who you calling a #hoe, #skank? I'm about to pop off on a #bitch!
LET'S SIT ON TWITTER & BITCH, GUYS. WE'RE SO COOL. #STFU Time to unfollow some motherfuckers.
hey how old Betty white
Still haven't seen Project X
whats ur thought on the baseball hof and how u get in? Do you think barry larkin deserves it.
my answer is, think back to the last time you peed or pooed out an ice cube.
you almost have 66k followers! :)
": I'm so proud of for finally recycling!!!" Don't get used to it :-P
haha, yeah it has been awhile for me too :)
$1 WELLS $75 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!! BROADWAY BAR IS THE SPOT = WILD WEDNESDAYS !!
that awkward moment when your iPod shuffles to "christmas auld lang syne" sung by marc anthony in the middle of March...
yeah. Agreed. It's pretty amazing.
Probert now pounces at his tail when he chases it. I'm trying to get footage, but he's not very cooperative.
Not to be mean but we have a week 5 student of a 3 week class driving andthey are beating the hell out of me on the road. Ouch.
Blu Restaurant was proud to host Trion Worlds "Rift"
RT : Phone is off the hook...... people I didn't even kno had my number..... wow!
“: So if Donovan McNabb is worth $78 million, what is Michael Vick worth?” 3x that
Where would you like to see the Patrick's Sunscreen booth?
MT : #21stme Museums r good at social media to broadcast message. We need to leverage SM to engage & expand our work.
on using a #SavedByTheBell analogy for the jobs #'s: "i'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so scared!"
rebecca black friday and prom night.. Tell me about it/:
And after that, Link forcing a horse to run across Hyrule repeatedly.
": Yes I go to Catholic school. No I am not chased by crazy nuns carrying giant rulers #getreal #catholicschoolgirlproblems"
pulled my quad today...it feels great.
God please just help me out.
omgosh yes! Way weird. But kinda cool too. And i have another horrifying id picture. Score
Love the idea of an experimental learning space open to experiment with tech. i.e., Kinect
Only 5 days left of school.
Haven't heard.. and I don't expect anything official tonight..but will pass on what I get. Hope you're still singing, Beck.
Aiight #LAkerFam... It's been nice... COD time now. Holla at me on that Black Ops. GT: Mr Holla Back
Getting through, what about you?
yea it is.. Thanks drake! Ha
Sushi and Saporo. It's dinner
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! :) I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
She a model chick,I wanna model chick
he mad almost all the time dude lol.
Eeew! Was Janet Davies trying to slip Mark Giangreco the tongue at midnight? Was anyone else a witness to that?
Also Wool, the Omnibus edition, by There's a library of sorts in there. And Swainston's *No Present Like Time*.
#thankful That I am Grateful everyday not just today!! Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!!! May your plate always be full!!
Happy Easter!
blonde girl probz? I haven't heard that one before
2303 richmond ave @ the chimney right next to blue fish and hobbit cafe
Having post concert depression from a concert 2 years ago is totally normal
is this a quiet subsidy to private sector.
Because I'm a glutton for punishment I'm tuning in to the Setting my expectations low....
La Cumbre wins Gold for BEER!
Moscow and no Missoula? Come on man;)Guess we'll have to wait until Nashville...
They make such big kids sizes! I think they go up to women's 7 or 8! I wear a kids 2 in Toms. ;)
Google Places establishes your business quite effectively, providing an intuitive interface for customers to locate your business.
on the flying squirrel at Columbia HS's Project Adventure Course #ThingsYouDon'tSeeEveryday
you order we make. When do you want it?
WORK AT HOME TIP: Do not compare your business to others. Your business is unique and so are your successes.
Via , a "minister" said this at a Detroit mtg: "This is white supremacy. Before you take over our city, we'll burn it first."
Happy that Will Barnet and Martin Puryear received National Medal of #Arts, & John Ashbery bags a Nat'l Humanities Medal!
hope to see you both there! ;-) there is also the Apple Scrapple festival in DE in the fall!
RT PORTLAND: Show had to be moved cuz I'm doing a tv show. I am truly sorry. I will be back!
"commerce that is integrated, personalized, secure, open, and smart" according to First Data
RT ": Cee Lo green can't be serious" he is wearing a glittery dress...
watching Girl with the Dragon Tattoo...this better be good or its your fault :)
I couldn't agree with you more.
I WILL win the bet by June! :p
": Stop wasting your tears on someone who doesn't care enough to make you smile."
Keep reading... :)
Thanks for the RT! Have a good weekend.
Please pass support and pass along. Thanks! www.facebook.com/AllyOwensMissing?ref=ts&sk=wall#!/AllyOwensMissing?sk=wall
Thats cool! just save that hundo for when I come back to Cali next weekend.
Nothing better than listening to Bob Uecker on the car ride home. Even better when that car ride is at 11:55 p.m.
Finally this wEek is over. Time to celebrate!!
LOVE that scene. One of my favorites. Really is. "Couldn't we ride....?"
Life is sweet - discovered hot lone werewolf and the best cupcakery coming to my hood
Out of all the websites, Google+ is definitively my +1! :D
I'm still very happy with mine. But then, I carry a backpack, so the size isn't an issue.
My day started of good then now tgif... -_-
Talk about the 49ers big win, haven't heard from Espn on it so far
love you to !
The #Eye Chart and 20/20 Vision via @ All About Vision
sometimes i think that i'm the only one that wishes my parents got a divorce. i can't take this anymore. i want you to leave..../,:<<<
dont be gay, get a tattoo today
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
haha… THANK YOU :) you gonna be in Topeka?
3 synths, 1 guitar and the craziest lighting I've seen since Bjork ... Not sure how happy Trent would be about that comparison.
searching for Quality Assurance Supervisors and Managers with food industry experience. email resume to
And wants to see you! Maybe someday you can take a road trip. :)
CONGRATULATIONS on a great game!!! No voice left! Proud to be a 9er fan from SF today!!!!!
I dig the
Isaiah 55 John12:15" Do not be afraid, oh daughter of Zion,see, your king is coming seated on a donkeys' colt" ,
Your first waking hour sets the tone for the rest of the day, so use that time to prepare to go in the direction of your goals
Oh Snooki its a Banjo.. Not a Bonjo
YES!! lol that is so good to hear lol
Good morning #sandiego! #tgif we live in the best city in the country! Woohooo
Just wanted to tell you how much I enjoy your wording choices. in commenting on tweets!
Rant Sports is looking for a #DallasMavericks blogger, it's a paid position
Don’t design your web site without considering SEO
I wanna see battleship when it come.out.!
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first.
If rockies can get beltran for less than 3 years why can't the giants pony up for same deal?
damm u's bouta pull an all nighter? i cant be doing that anymore unless i'm with my girl or something. lmao real talk.
Online encyclopedias have really taken away the need for offline research.
You know how senior facilities play old folks nostalgic music from their youth? I'm going to die being forced to listen to Black Hole Sun.
#PdPlus call w/ starts at 1 P.M. E.T. - Dial-in: (712) 432-0075, code: 336319. Don't miss our chat re: personalization + democrcy!
Whohoo! Thanks so much.
At Murphy's Pub
Brittain Resort Management Announces New 2012 Packages and Partners - MarketWatch (press release)
looking forward to another game of Marv very carefully pronouncing #NorfolkState. Trying so hard not to say nor-fuk
Do you have a favorite song from my new release "After Hours"?
I dont see that happening anytime soon and im n the house for tonight!
I know April told me lol
You can make a huge impact in someones life today! Maybe, it would be by partnering with us.
Really? Awesome. It has sent me into wails of delight this morning.
I couldn't get into Weeds, but I did like the few episodes of Breaking Bad I saw
I'm kinda extremely jealous of Alyssa
Love your response. I have a feeling you will get creative...and stay true to both. Glad #Aztecs don't get Notre Dame today.
Mikey, did he send you braised goat or squab? Crazy good.
HI Paul, thanks 4 following me. Let discuss oppritunites for us to collaborate ~ Tony
will do!! See ya in
And im VERY uncomfortable right now , which is
Mo Claibourne: I didn't see no point in taking no test. Hahahaha
Rules of the game are as follows :don't dish it out if you can't take it. Don't laugh then get mad when it turn back on you!!
I TWEETED. You happy?!
"I don't want to smell your finger" #roundfive #dirtyjäger cc
I know! I suck
Its perfection. RT : “ “ Adele REALLY should sing He Won't Go live...”” I love that songg .
at least in Omniture, it means that (prob Google itself) is hiding the exact keyword that securely signed in user typed
your DM was public.
I'm sad :( I no longer have a PC to make music on :( & not sure when I'll have the $ to get a new one. This blows.
Let's even this up for Opening Day... 794 foursquare friends vs. 724 twitter followers. Retweet #Orioles fans! 70 to go!
this me gurl iI use my momma name(may her soul rest in peace)....Shout OUT >>>FOllow ME...WHaeva im new to this but much my fun!
These playoff hockey games are the only thing keepin me goin everyday.
indeed i do. quite possibly the best street name in the city.
Want to learn a French word? "Espirit d'escalier: When you think of the perfect verbal comeback... much too late." #merde #sacreBleu!
RT : LOL!!!! ok..battle for the best quote "there's a cat in my stream"
yo yo. Jackson lets go surfing when I come to California.
no offense besides Kemp? Andre Ethier is pretty good too.
When Justins offline: JUSTIN PUT JERRY INSIDE ME!!!- When Justins online: I love you so much, your my inspiration #nsn #believe!
Crap day being turned around by listening to the Dateable play Jazz on public radio. *le sigh*
Initial version of presentations for Educause #E11_SESS063 posted. Feel free to make suggestions!
And I saw Devils on Horseback on another menu today!
We finally Made it to #100 views on our #youtube Video "Whatcha Say" !!!and almost #200 on "Somthing Is Missing" Check us Out ! :)
Curiosity kills the cat. Ouch!
Thanks for the RT, Scott!
fine them a million bucks and make them sit for a season.
romney has shown zero respect for dogs, gays, & women. he only needs to insult hockey & he'll have insulted ALL THAT I LOVE.
The President & The Press: Obama analyzed by Martha Joynt Kumar, White House press observer on Midday noon
Songs are timelines of our emotions, you can tell what we were feeling, by the color of the melody, the depth of the lyrics
Who was your favorite Spice Girl?
Yes :) I played for barber for 3 years, that's why I posted that :)
text me 9851350
hopefully no more waiting :(
Out for Tanning and drinks Love my Bitches!!!!!!!!!! xoxoxox's
At yogaworks on larchmont. Loving this studio
Have a great week.
is back on face off?!! I'm spazzing.
Excited to have come across The Unofficial Harry Potter Cookbook while shelving
;) miss you brotha. Let's go to a Dallas game👍
All I ever wanted All I ever needed Is here in my arms
..love idea of dudes fishing for what it is that's most of valor..."i remember it was nonviolent...manners, maybe? no. timeliness? shit."
oh my lord... That is so going to happen...
: Really? I am trending where? Lol.
Heading over to volunteer at Dell Children's tonight. Cant wait!
Apparently stealing home is a big deal... Wouldn't know my religion doesn't allow me to watch the Phillies.
They have some of the best lyrics I have ever heard!!
what's up how is az and your son
no they love my lil sister & brother & they like my older brothers a lot but I have no idea why.
thanks for trying.. :)
enjoyed playing concerts for kids at Meadow Montessori and MVCDS earlier today! Next up: side-by-side concert with the MVCDS string...
im playing with mark miles and dan.... I didnt think you guys would be that pissed...my bad
enjoyed your Relationship Funnel article on today! ttp://www.customerthink.com/blog/the_relationship_funnel
Men's testosterones levels rise by 45.7% after 7 days of not ejaculating! Details As a last resort, some people get POOP transplants!
I wanna get me some BJ's.
We have to ask ourselves, what is our motive behind our usage of our gifts? Are we using them to bless us, or to bless Gods ppl?
Fuck it den.!!!
:-( RT : Shame on you for screwing me out of my commission.... SHAME ON YOU!!!!
Millionaire Flip Flop Republican Willard M.Romney Will have the Wealthy Get Richer The Poor get Poorer, Bain Capital is Licking their Chops!
I never seen anybody shred on a violin harder than Tory from
Bout 2 put all my issiues n this swisher....
but my dreams, they aren't as empty as my conscience seems to be. i have hours, only lonely...
Maybe he should check with #Tiger on his pain in the neck?
yes calvin had a big one, finally.
installing latest #telerik releases
Interesting idea: Create a virtual IT "coffee shop" to stay connected professionally and personally.
Going to the Shakespeare festival.
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice fuck off forever.
So cool! Wanna know how it is!
wow! 4 de Abril el cumpleaños de Austin Mahone!!! :) Happy Birthday Austin
you gotta be quick to beat me :)
nothing but school. Ready to graduate!
LAUVE this. 1st the Holdup now the Bike Line!
follow back? :)
it's all good, just a hate
Just wondering if you were tempted to do the same cobra trick with your camera... ;)
my sisters annoying me rn
Mark Bauerlein: Tough for teachers to convert ed tech tools from social medium to learning one. "Quality control issue."
John Green books. And I haven't read my copy yet, but Kirsten Hubbard's Wanderlove.
Someone text me
Powerless Structures, Fig. 101, by Elmgreen & Dragset, was unveiled @ London’s Trafalgar Square today. Love it!! :)
whoohoo best of luck fundraising! i lost someone to lupus too
When are we going to start talking about the real #infosec threat? The employee! Anyone done #phishing training? Time to put $$ into prep!
The Latino Museum & Occupy Los Angeles Community “Artivist” present “We Art the 99%”, 7-9pm tonight, 514 S Spring St
oh hero you dirty Japanese dawg.
- yes, we could have used a conservative columnist!
I believe God is constantly challenging us, stretching us to dare to believe Him even when things seem impossible.
"Who knows but that, on the lower frequencies, I speak for you?"
yeah what are you doin skank
Their algorithms are crap. Surely I am more than a "bit" of a douche? Very disappointing.
I want this more than anything in the world, and I don't understand why I can't have it
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything. -Lee Iacocca
When you get a random text and don't know who it is
Definitely Erika! You can DM me your email address and I will send you all the info you need! It is VERY exciting!!! :-)
or the number #1 team UK!
One of my guilty pleasures -- skipping a brown bag lunch for Sascha's curried chicken salad and a HUGE cookie.
A huge and well-deserved congratulations for getting into , I feel like an embarrassingly proud parent!
Thank you! You too love! “: happy mothers day bby”
And I keep trying to dry my eyes, come and find me in the valley.
Happy New Year Twitterverse!
Feliz día de las madres! Happy Mother's Day to all the moms across the world. Gracias por todo! Thank you for everything!
well get me sumn too then lol
I'm only gonna do this once ... Titty Saddles (Starring Betty White & Helen Mirren)
Night night.
the t2i has changed my life and i'm embarking on a new project with maguire and peloso
I hate when I sleep over somebodys house and I'm the first one to wake up .
Dancing around to Third Eye Blind.
I've been working like a woman gone mad. Tomorrow afternoon my break begins. Breathing deeply and letting the last 7 years go. :-)
Black,grey and light tan. I have a falda you can borrow too
Joseph Gordon-levitt 😍😘❤
Oh what a feeling to be loved. Lol.
There was literally zero chance that Prado wasn't swinging at that 3-1 pitch.
Did you see The Secret of Kells at Spark ? It was nominated for Best Animated Feature!
It'll be interesting to see how Tebow develops in the off season. Frankly for his first season in the NFL he did well
I want to pause here to thank all who were involved with the production of Christmas at Resurrection. Great job!
My hair looks worst then yesterday.
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
Think I'm gonna hang out here tonight and maybe just watch some tv. Kinda tired. Or...maybe I'll go look for treasure. Nah. too tired.
im so dissapointed in myself ..
Yes, and I now will stop rolling my eyes when people call my cell and tell me who they are.
The Party Will Be Held At @ 3400 14th Street, NW Washington Dc 20010, RSVP Early, : )
Examples from show "highly individualized" research practices of historians and engagement with both digital/analog.
Tweeted from the wrong name
i kept thinkin bout almost everyday . i know your disappointed wit me and mad towards me, im sorry once again bby ): i love you so much !
I do NOT want to be here... Hmph
Hey ! So, my mom called me and said you called :D she told me everything. we'll have to skype sometime next week?
People have been asking when the policeman's ball is scheduled. They must be thinking about the fire deparment. Policeman don't have balls.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
Today=free day so I played AssassinsCreedRevelations&I finished it in an 1hr someone call me so I can do something with my lifeD:
honestly no, i havent eaten any in a month
was saved by my smart phone. Hyatt wanted $15 to scan and email 3 pages. Found a #FedEx store 2 blocks away that did it for $6.
I truly LOVE teaching morning classes. They make my overall productivity for the day skyrocket!
I really want to do #COVERTHENIGHT !
Hamas sure know how to raise children who love peace. Poor kids are brainwashed. Israel must finish off Hamas!
heck yea. Return of the mack?
People storming out in the middle of the show! People laughing, crying and making donations! What's going on here? BROWNIE POINTS thru 5/27
Like the Jones pick. Pats should have addressed the DE / OLB slot for several years now.
merry Xmas!!!
BABES CABARET SUNDAY MARCH 14TH FIRST R&B-HIP HOP NIGHT THERE EVER !! THROWN BY YOURS TRULY .. MY BOY SWAG IS SHOOTING VIDEO
good night
Watching favorite #atp & #wta players chases away week of grumpiness.Reminded that finding optimal path to competition great problem 2have
artest is a shit shoote &not the defender he used to be...getting him back isnt much of an upgrade.I still like ebanks more
I was -7 years old.
Jean Wilkoski, Bonnie Rowan, , , Bonnie Rowan, Katerine Croake, Janet Leno. To name a few.
I have whatched all your videos like a million times and they never get old there hilarious ! :D
follow me
Day 15 on the platform, ready to go home. Day is going good so far, have seen 3 whales today, 1 as close as about 50 yards.
classroom makeup: No windows, urine color walls, challboard, One brick wall. "brick by brick"
Follow and RT! Or jump off a cliff <3
Followers are for tyrants. Like the GOP. I tell it like it is. You are a piece of shit. FUCK YOU!
you'll do fine! Everyone gets nervous the day before something big. It'll go fine! :)
so , i was watching one of you videos and my ovaries exploded. In order for them to heal correctly, you will need to follow me
Just got hit on by a college senior...... I look like I'm 12? What part of you is attracted to me?
#ONELOVE Thank you all for the views and subscriptions on our new YouTube Channel! Who's coming to the 19th Annual 9Mile Music Festival?
I want to put a hole in this wall.
the crap we talk da guys we stalk laughs we cant stop the gosip we spil loks that kil wel be together cuz wer best friends forever
my life isnt over,but yea at the moment
When r we,as a society,going to accept drinking as a means to get thru our boring day jobs and not some "problem" that needs 12 steps to fix
hahahahahahaaaaaa I hope she falls and breaks all the bones in her body
Yep. That's why I don't play, either. False starts; that's it.
where are u by?
Getting into the zone with help from The Verve.
He's playing WR too? RT : Big K-Mo bulldozes his way into the end zone for a score! 7-7, 9 minutes remain in the first quarter.
what about consoles… those cables will still float around.Nay.
We luv luv RT : Some great new additions to #8035 lineup: Follow themTell them you love them
follow us please :)
back to business...serious business!
Thank you so much - I truly enjoyed my time with you and the team. There are amazing things happening at People Matter!
Just about recovered from Heart Ballet...lots of new projects in the works including 2 new albums, orchestral arrangements, and....
well he's going home to France for the holidays, and New York is on the way.
Insanity plymetric cardio and 2mile jog in a day...
hey twin, ur not following me back on instagram. Do u not use it much?~
What Would You Do on is good 2nt...an unemployed man on disability refused to accept $ from a fraudulent lotto ticket
First day..she will be in shape in a few days...
Tirra Lirrra: Pink Live Forever jackets were just proofed. inserts done. digital downloads prepared.
Top o' the morning to ya Twitter-land! -Jared
Yes and no. Those are our companies, but we did not organize it - hence why I didn't think of it. But we will be there!
Hamilton hits a solo home run to tie the game with #Angels. Josh Hamilon 9 HRs in last 6 games. Beast. #Rangers playing great.
Looking forward to #GrowCo 2011. Thanks for the invitation, !
RT : Another trend for fall: military. Maybe inspired by Milan's menswear? Check out & for inspiration
He said to get at his people.
#TrainingTip: Mix up your training with other types of workouts, but seek out stairs for most of your training so you're well prepared.
Thank you all people who follow me greatly appreciate it I truly hope I do not hurt peoples feelings w/ my opinions.Green is keen solar wind
Fun #ROFLCon Fact: The original Scumbag Steve jacket was a reversible G-Unit hoodie with fur on one side & straight pimp game on the other.
Looks like the baby is going to wait until Easter to come make an appearance, can't come soon enought
def Champagne!!! Drinks on ChiChi tonight!!
is getting ready to go work on the set today with some fabulous actors and an amazing crew! woo-hoo!
I rarely attend a first rehearsal of my music-- but it's exciting to know the performers are upstairs working on it, while I sit down here!
All these fuckers making our baby Nialler upset..I will get you all in your fucking sleep.
Very entertaining listening to everyone speculate about what's going to happen w our flight - we have some experts here folks
But not as much as me RT RT : Ex-Patriot is a hero RT : Report: Cassel saves woman from burning home
Kate Freer is a fucking genius. Come see our installation on Saturday!
i cant believe it was to violent for tv lol
yes :( you just never replied :( unless I have the wrong x)
I've only been to one, sharks v. blue jackets, but it was the best sporting event I've been to.
AJ Burnett is a true warrior!
Follow the to get the latest on new music releases, tour dates, and how you can share the love of Muzik Without Prejudice!
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
I'm on the #LorraineKelly show tomorrow and Sharon Ozzy is presenting,i will be off my fucking tits on poppers, should be hilarious
take us with you!
plays fantasy baseball? “: The combination of liquor and Altuve is not the same as being happy.”
It's only the first game -_-
Word of the Day/Week/Year: Character
ohh shit or send it thru here , tweet it
a www I could've been the ultimate creeper. I had my name picked out and everything!!! Hahaha #manvoicestatus ;)
Next year will be better cause #MileyIsComingBackBitches ;)
don't lie, you couldn't live without me kaitlyn
hm I can't wait to watch the game!
What you focus on with your thought and feeling is what you attract into your experience.
$2 well, wine and draft tonight in the SKYBOX from 4pm-7pm--See you all there!
I HATE RED-LIGHTS!!!!
I didn't get into any argument and am still on the rage train :)
So it was a good book? Lots of media covering it!
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your hearts the moon, and I'm aimin right at you, right at you #nowplaying :)
If you don't fight for what you want you'll never get it
I'm all #socialmedia d out! #nitenite !
Just Make it do what it do
Omg! Just finished my Divas in Defense bowling league and who do I see? Flavor Flav! Clock and all! Didn't see if his clock clocked him! ;)
Tonight we made it to Cut Bank at the edge of the mountains & the end of our longest map. 68 mi & a sore knee after a French toast & TV ...
saw a flashing sign at Burger King that read "Thank you Jesus!" Did Joel Osteen buy out Burger King?
Happy to have your follows. Following you back:
k cool so don't front for twitter like that!
I need to go to bed. 
If you'd ever like insurance for your invisible car, let us know.
your pretty funny. you know that right?
Happy Wednesday!
Haven't been a 76ers fan in 20 years but they are issuing a "where my money" type beat down on Golden State right now
If you're a Vineyard Westside attender - don't forget to attend the Prayer Experience tonight or tomorrow @ 7:30pm - 12yrs old and up
This is killing me .. #whattodo ...
will do. Finishing up a new website. Will have it up today (I hope!)
this is why our country is where it's at republicans only care about the rich
Yeah, only would leave their gear when they are
": I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now."
why aren't you in Vegas?!?!?
at #walmart hahaha
mad of what?? Of not having an ass?? Nahh if I dont have an ass how can I DEFECATE?? U do the math!go back to school boy lol
Thank you for that. Noted. Hopefully my ride home will be smooth and no a/c leaks.
With so many people's favorite sites down, all this protesting could have the inadvertent effect of making this a very productive day.
Sunday, January 22 @ 2:00 PM @ #Museum: How We Survived book signing. Book gives 1st person accounts of kids surviving the
Just invented new challenge of spinning my earbuds at different speeds in each hand. Totes harder than it sounds.
hipsters need to be removed
Need a last minute gift for a beer drinker? Horny Goat Variety Pack is where its at!
One day I hope you hear this, I pray you doing better. This is what it sounds like, if I sent my dad a letter.
hi thx for following me, I follow you back.
One must ALWAYS go in on a turkey sandwich
On the phone with Mom
Happy nurses Week!
#NP "Monsters in the Parasol" by Queens of the Stone Age. Feeling the stoner rock today, apparently.
Definitely a Brian Blade / Soy Latte kind of morning.
Tiger's all over the place .took a penalty on 13, not playing well. Sup with that pass Rondo threw into the seats last night?
Watcha workin with over there? Strawberry Diesel, Pineapple Express, White Rhino? *sigh* the good old 401 days
Spread the word! There are only 7 days left to join the Y and pay no join fee. Get into the Y today and join the movement!
wow the week goes by so fast back to school tomorrow
you never fail to amaze me!! :)
Communication is one of the most important things in any relationship. Happy for you!
"Word vomit." -- That's how a student succinctly paraphrased my instructions for a free write exercise.
Glad you like Death Sentences! The whole press got behind this one; it was just too weird NOT to take a chance on.
What a beautiful day for a walk on the Golden Gate Bridge!
Hello! My name is Beatstash. I am an Atheist and I like fish.
They're making The #Lorax into a movie starring Taylor Swift?!???
well see ill meet the man I will marry then ask him if I should get bangs #icebreaker lol I think moms hinting at something
RT : I think it can attract people who are more interested in being part of a "happening" than simply being audience.
good!! not out yet, but the process is fun!
Not penny's boat.
RT : There is so much we can all do to make a difference in the world. Don't have to think big. Start small. Build from there.
My unofficial transcript is all messed up. It says I'm a MIS major. Unless I never actually graduated!
Laying in bed with my dog❤
am i invisible to you...
As Coach Bielema tweeted, the UW football games against Illinois and MSU will be 2:30 kickoffs live only on WKOW-TV!
thinking of you (karen too) and praying you are all well. Have a great week!
Hate being the only one up in my house I be bored
why you in PA?
THANK U DEB.. U2
Mike Posner tonight !! My guest list is filling up quick!!!!
Found ringtone with a chicken clucking theme to Mission Impossible. Amusing. Am loading it.
: our pleasure! Thanks for spreading the word! #philanthrofest TMRW #midtown #miami 12-6pm
why are you in Kendall?
frozen fruit
RT : I wouldn't open a frozen yogurt place because I'm sure all of those are going to go out of business once the craze is over.
That concert was amazing!! Just had the time of my life!!!
Let's go #Nadal!
RT : Did you ever get your Pentagon book signing??>>>Hey there, Brother. Negative. Made contact, zero response
Tv is not even interesting anymore, too much reality, no actuality.
spurs/bulls...finals.
I prefer the "NYC copying ROC" story and I am sticking to it despite evidence to the contrary. ;)
Iggy clinches the playoffs series verse the bulls with 2 clutch free throws to give the sixers the win 79-78!!! #LetsGoSixers #Round2baby!!
FAKE AS FUCK!!
My Helicopter is Awesome
2006 WSOP Champ Jamie Gold to Hunt Ghosts on TV Umm ok lol
That moment you become the model during the shoot you were hired as MUA for ..
This black metal bands sells tote bags at its merch table. The last thing I'd expect to see at a metal show. bit.ly/brHSD
It's open bar at Closet Sundays!
Advice- do not take a muscle relaxer and then go walking.. with a 2 year old..
I had strawberries. Not as coma-inducing as a RR burger. And fries. And beer. Maybe after the show...
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
1- best fight you've ever watched 2- where does this fight rank?
At the rate this cold is hanging out in my body, I'm pretty sure I could still be sick for 's wedding! YIKES! I hope not!
Look out for The Black Media Plug in 2012!! We are expanding our brand!! And of course, keeping our readers PLUGGED IN!
well i just wanted to feel included >.<
I can love you more than this...
I went yesterday and I'm going again tomorrow!
#TheWelcomeMat still is the greatest of all to me.
nice! Let us know what you think!!
i followed you. please follow and for an instantfollow back
Currently listening to "Good and Bad" The vocal arranging gives me everything I need right about now.
“: I see you. Beats are incredible.” thank you fam!!!
good morning world
your favorite!!!
actually yes i did. it scared the crap out of me lol
It's Tasting Tuesday! Free wine tasting 2nite (Mass Ave Wine Shoppe) from 5:30-6:30. 4 delectable wines for you to sample.
omg I didn't hear you!! I thought you ass dialed me!!
When you grow a pear you can call me back (; - inspiring words from Kesha.
(AP) Ted Nugent said he was insulted by cancellation of his planned concert at an Army post over his comments about Pres. Obama.
Guess you better tell phone is about to die. Night everyone.
Can't wait, F-Poo!
I'm still here(:
interesting. this is because...???
yay! This week is tough- in closing and have a speaking engagement. Let's try for next week.
9-9-8 in games that Collin has played this year. 7 of those wins were shutouts
they are called super fans mike
I love that you love the Ravens
lol really what ?
I love when I win the what's the top story on game and I play every night.
thanks, Teri! it's been a great day :)
Shout out to for the follow!
that's how it feels like for me every time I go home! Weird huh.
yeah, and college, and a job, and a car, and 8 weeks of vacation, and cool clothes, and...
Wow, what a concept. #Rockies hit three, simple line-drive singles, lead 1-0 in 1st.
www.lightingever.com maybe you have interests in it.
I've become best friends with some of the most beautiful souls I've ever known. And God has revealed Himself to me through them.
it is a good one...I just also need to know what's going on outside the people I follow...I'm nosey lol
Jen Bervin presenting "The Gorgeous Nothings," a fonting/transcription project of the Dickinson envelope poems.
Thx to everyone who shared their fave #Superbowl Snacks! We've placed $5 driving on your accounts; maybe you can use it for snack shopping?
Getting in shape is easy... you just have to do it...
what's up bro ?
Cool. WOODY ALLEN won.
Omfg has me hooked on blackberry
already did (back on Dec. 28). Hoping to see my name pop up on Twitter notifying me that I won!!!!
1/2 way done with ADR, Starting to sound mix. Film should be done by June!
I have everything I need to do everything I want to.
3 firefighters injured from lumber mill explosion. The details on this morning!
#MyBiggestFlaw is Im flawless
Tired ugh
you should host poker and win ;)
co to ten tlumbr ?
OMM. Yes . but tomorrow i have to get off soon. in like 3 min ill ask my uncle if i can stay on longer
#LauraJaneGrace joins a long list of trans musicians:
Happy birth day to justin bieber.....have a good one
so now on to mopping!!! well this is always fun. XD
someone better call the sexiness police
You got too much more liven to do. Im spittin this to you, cuz you deserve more than what he given to you----- Big E.D.I. Don
Get ready to cry
yea she is on her Dora da explorer status
That should be WORDS. My typing fingers aren't working too well today.
I was right next to this girl her last name is Spradlin. That is as close as it gets
goodnight sweetie :) <33
I really hope this works out...
I sure hope so! :o)
He gives really cheap skull
In Leominster chuck chillin on this Beautiful Day ☀
Any parties this weekend i can go to???
Not that sad that 'we're all infected' just means we'll havta change our burial traditions
Morning Ms. Jen! Hope you have great day! Coffee soon!!!
I dare a motherfucker to be talking about me
My current tweet RT : My last tweet
Izturis crushed that ball.
Ready for fun and major changes... I'll keep you posted, Tweeps.
space jams
There's gotta be a market for FREE CARPET RIDES shirts. You think?
obsessed with one direction (:
aight, lemme know if it's sum on mine u think should be different, I accept criticism haha
all i did was try to help you and make things better, and what do i get?...a broken heart.
I want an inertia canceller for Christmas!
Divas of Deviance TOMORROW! Be there!! Also, messag me with your name & # of guests to SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR for FULL COMP
Shoot. Missed MOPA's presentation 4 BPOC. Awesome photography museum in Balboa Park
Now that I got that outta the way...
#TOWIE can't believe everyone watches this crap!
IM CRAVING FOR A SPRINKLED DONUT. OMG.
I made a celebrity sex tape; it was in a mid 90s Chevrolet sedan.
yes!! I choose you!
Nothing quite as romantic as the humane society. Wouldn't want to spend Valentines any other way! Http://twitpic.com/3zz06a
#followfriday my bud who's pd and primetime on 101.5 krox but running for Austin City Council place 4. Great for Ausin & Music!
Fastest growing community in SE Michigan is Arab American
OH: that tuna dog licked me in my teeth!
great!il check them out thanks :)
I just finished a 6.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I think nothing really happened you're just getting us all excited, am I right?!
RT Happy birthday --thanks twin!!!
I hope Bradley Cooper is playing a rapist in a movie or something. That mustache is not okay.
My time is too valuable to be wasting it on you
Micro wind and solar are being deployed: new battery tech is lightening loads
Tinychat it is, guess ill make one today
": A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!"
Our Companies 50th Celebration is today! Phillips Event Center in Austin TX, from 3-7pm! Be there
I'll come.
:) happy you like it “: Awesome!”
#wouldyou hug me around the waste from behind and kiss me on the cheek and say I love you?
Trade show display specialist offering a wide variety of quality display products and service our customers
I had 5 but ended up reducing it to 4. You can check the CSS in the inspector to see what I went with
I swear, the hot weather brings out all of the craziest, loudest people (and their tiny dogs!)
Shout out to my tailor man. He has me looking crisp in the suit. Showtime, less than an hour
thank you, iupui natatorium for burning my face off. i don't think my face has ever been this red.
#sdmayornp focus on 2300 chronic homeless
Why won't he text me? :(
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
Ultra Petroleum Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial And Operating Results, Board Of Directors Approve $100.0 Million ...
Fear of caring, that what we care so deeply about will not be loved by others. Natural but destructive
Ok we dislike the fact that they aren't showing us what's happening on the screen!!
Yeah Thats what i thought
's remix to Dancin' In The Dark is on 's show, "Club Life"!
Whoopwhoop we finally have a twitter ;D.
Hopefully man im about to like do some work outs so ima hit you up lates man
If u wanna stay some stuff about me 2 ur freind then go ahead
A passion of nerds? Wish I could be there!
lol that's so funny. I went to the gas station that's all people were doing.
Getting my mom on skype or facetime is like executing brain surgery!
And the Palio in Siena, and the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace. Gosh, the list doesn't stop...ever :)
You can free yourself from aging by reinterpreting your body and by grasping the link between belief and biology.
However many ways there might be of being alive, it's particular that there're greatly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
The wayward character of Americans to permit war lies to go unpunished with complete impunity for all concerned means more war.
Sorry to hear that! You should be prepared with our app!
Sometimes, the outlook rules I set outsmart me
Working on an oil portrait of Alex and Jessica. Reached that moment when I've captured a likeness. Very cool! Always is!
sometimes loves comes around and it knocks you down just get back up when it knocks you down <3
Ahahahahhahahahahahahanahhahaha YEAH. BUDDY
cool off with a Route 44 Cherry Limeade!
were not crazy.... Just... Different.
Somebody bring me some coffee!
Party Bus Spotting! Update your Twitter status of OKC Party Bus whereabouts while out on the town tonight and win a free Party Bus t-shirt!
What size were you at? Close up well?
thank you. :)
Da fuck happened? I don't feel any older. Just sore
Wait, I have it better - "Agreed! Look what happened at EMA. It went viral on internet for months."
Waiting for the crime scene people to get here, let's see what they find...
Listen at 730. Caller 12. RT : when ru u givn them out on air and wht time u have to b in the club or...
According to my neighbor's girlfriend, his name is Michael You're-Such-a-Fucking-Liar. Sounds Native American.
I know what you mean! Which one do you need?
Has anyone ever approached you about using SHH as an piece in a uni class on education? There's so much to learn re Jonah
Made it through a good 15minutes of school.
as long as my animals are safe im going to sit back and booze it up and ride it out <3! hope everyone in its path is safe as well !!
RT : Praying for Dadaab, Kenya right now. Drought and sickness are rampant throughout this devastated refugee camp.
Green Lantern has dropped by and THe Pulse is taking it up a notch
The announcers in that Penn State game on Saturday covered a variety of topics. They basically touched on everything except young boys.
New addition to the terrible rapper bio files:.... "Bio: I'm just trying to be you're favorite rapper."
Today's meal is ice cream with chocolate sauce from Moonstruck. Pseudo-spring has arrived. People walking around coatless, even.
I can make that happen. I have a few bottles left.
Mitchell strikes out the side in the 3rd. Skinkis, Martinez, E. Cipolloni coming up in bottom half.
safe travels. Congrats to your DrGirl. Ha.
Sitting on the deck, in the sun, reading "Rock, Paper, Scissors: Game Theory for Everyday Life"
RT : Everybody agrees house #3 is a psychological death trap.
Renarder will be taking up three thirds of it...
thanks for adding us
sounds like heaven...
Do not set foot on the path of the wicked or walk in the way of evil men. Proverbs 4:14
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered: Maybe the Civil Rights Hoodie Folks could demand fewer civil rights for “Hoodies"
NPA began in response to the murder of Sakia Gunn in 2003. We still exist 6 years later as an org fighting for safer spaces for LGBT people.
where u at son?
You can judge me for seeing this movie but actually you can't because of the people in it. Good try though.
Sometimes I just sit on my couch and sob thinking about how much I miss Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopez.
this week will be awesome
March 4th all you can eat pancakes, eggs and bacon or sausage at Bjornson Lodge #Oakland $7
RT if your glad Austin is finally doing an #AUSTREAM!
please follow me i have an important question about joining your fathers broadcast, Impact network.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd have everything I want and need and I wouldn't let you go <3
That's cuz u the female deer doe RT ": I love my boys doe!"
please don't say that :( i would probably commit suicide, not even joking. i love you <33
YOU hAVE AN ARMY!!! FOlLOW IT!
I may be the only person on this plane today!!!
Hey Mary...just wanted to let you know that Sunday is the #Northcrest Tour of Homes. We'll have maps again down at the pool!
Or, more simply put: to live your truth or not. Happy Sunday, Cory!
you know u pay more the longer you wait to pay it... Hahaha
So late but on my way to #duanereadevip!
Surely if this is our year :)
Affection deprived.
Note to self: Do not tell a female you're free balling after she says she loves Tom Petty, and especially don't start singing it.
Guys~ If You think you look good in your profile picture, because your giving the camera the death stare? You. Look. Constipated.
I will remember this
your going to scare them away and they will never come back lol
nuthin much !:) r u watching the titans and jacksonville JAG. ?? I AM !
I hate you. slash am jeal.. mail me a souvenir?
yeah yeah. Say that after I call you out.
Winter has finally arrived. Bundle up!
Lesson 2: quail eggs
Brung in Mother's Day the right way last night
oh now you guys are against tatoos!!!...nah, just playing.
Truly.. I'm good.. Great even! How about you?
Incredible thai feast last night, thank you.
U 4got Beef Jerky RT Cheddar Chz combos,m&m's,milky way and Gartorade lunch today. On my recruiting grind today!
we made them tonight! All toppings you want, must use waffle cones & heavy duty foil
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs by Jon Scieszka: Persuasive Wolf Sways Public Opinion?
Keep those interview requests for Pack Expo coming!
Hit us up if you're in NYC tomorrow during the day. We're filming a little something.
"What is this? Why are people so mean to that poor little boy? Or is he a girl?"
I'm winning all 9 skins tonight mate. Haha #WhereIsSean he's gone walkabout
#nw best show on earth
“: To God Be The Glory.... #theIntroduction” it's a must that I get this project.
Santorum cannot beat Barack Obama. Period.
Alright, now it's #49ers and #giants game time. Who are YOU rooting for?
Same here my freind said it was virus and not to click on the link
RT we only have 440 to go Follow us and include #myGearStore in your tweet to be eligible for a Free iPod Touch 2G -share!
we should next week cuz I don't have basketball after school
Check out Back to Last Night's Facebook Page
haha real deal right here. I'll work on some more poses 🙆🙅💁
If Anthony Bourdain can travel to places around the world JUST for the food...then hell, so can I! :D
Every time I get upset at how dirty my roomates are, I think "I'll graduate, I'll graduate" - great motivator to do well in school.
This summer is going to suck
Sure! I'd be happy to. Sorry for the delay in responding. I just now saw this message. Danke!
ok, I'm done. That was fun. Back to work :)
congrats! That's so exciting!
Victor's gonna have to change his name to Victor Ewwwman.
happy Mothers Day babe<33 love you too !!
Yes!! Send me a DM with possible dates! Looking forward to it! X0xo
A one-off scrolling timeline thingy… Not public yet. Will send link when it is.
Brett got voted off survivor! Damn
Lauryn Hill to get my morning going.
Mubarak is not getting the hint in Egypt, We have people over here that did not get the hint-The November elections got their attention.
awk moment when you get a friend request from someone w/ no mutual friends w/ you &you're just wondering how they found you
thanks for the information! This is a great place for aspiring restaurant owners to start.
:( Mean postal service, didn't they see FRAGILE written all over?! Hah.
aw!!! Thank you so much sweets:) its been a wonderful journey! I'm so happy I can bring all of my favorite things to Mke!
Kahneman's book is great. I'm a quarter through and marvel at his experimental results. Thanks for ref to F. Dyson's review.
...and to the interest for which we pay, compoundable with crazy interest rates, higher taxes and lower pay until the day we die.
cheer up kiddo.
WHAT? They didn't ask you first?? For shame.
I dislike when refs change the game.
Safari in the Morning, Pool in the Afternoon, & DQ in the Night?! I'm bout that Florida Life
nah they did the other day in the 1-0 loss actually
are you pregnant...
Kim's question of the week: Is it better (for the individual) to be a specialist or a jack of all trades? (Looking for your thoughts! :) )
just had innovative educator speak to my staff YOU ARE A TECH ROCK STAR!
I Breathe Blessings.
All that in a bag of chips
Darn you, Twitter and your spoilery trending topics!
But serious shit if any of you into indie so cal rap check out Yours Truly it's a group of rappers. They got talent. Check em out.
T-minus 1 hour until Pat McCurdy takes the stage at Bar Louie Water St for our Cinco de Drinko!
Oh, hark! Tis a #SaturdayLibrarian like me!
lol I need to get some for Delta Sig
Hey What's new in world ? I like the university 'ceo' strategy.
lol I know right
LOL RT : BREAKING: I'd like to announce I'm suspending reading anything further about the candidacy of Herman Cain.
Archives Database: Overview Of The Nmra - National Model ...
fair point but andy reid thinks he can resurrect anyones career after vick
I do believe the devil's nipples are rock hard at this point.
I need my bestfriends:/
Thanks so much Kevin!!!
Never. We love when people talk to us hahaha
reality is wrong dreams are for real
Define "awake." I too am out of bed, but awake isn't the right word.
thanks jayson. I'll look for your dm..have a good wknd man!
no, I used an another program ;)
what's wrong, baby?
: Thanks for spreading the word about !
We're ready for the Tsunami. Mahalo to all who are staying calm and cautious. Our prayers for the people of Japan with the big 8.9 Quake.
I love it. Just bought it on vinyl.
Bitches will never be ME ..
Yes, it's pretty shocking. More people need to start paying attention to prevent what happened in India - 99% declines.
Who's going to warped tour? If you are tell us who you're going to see. If not tell us why you're not going!
Thanks to all who came out to our Bike Month Kickoff Event this morning at Civic Center Plaza...a great event! Happy Bike Month 2012!
Winning a game they should have lost Thurs nite on walk off slam has given no momentum to Tribe little unless they pull out tonite & tmrw.
I have nada going on for the majority of the year & then randomly June becomes the month everyone plans things. This is getting ridiculous
ah yes. I look forward to the "1st time in a tunnel under a waterfall, by a whirlpool" check-in. What I won't do for 9 points!
Checking out wordpress webinar from WP Academy.Not sure if I will change over since many bloggers I respect use Blogspot.Plus I'm connected.
What a douche.
don't feel so hot today, i hope i'm not getting sick.....
wait i did on tv i thought that shit was fake lbs
When we get for breakfast, every other meal that day has bagels it in. Lunch: Bagel tuna melts. Dinner: Salad w/ bagel croutons.
Throwing out all my junk food NOW. Fatty, sugary foods I now disalow. No more eating like a sow.
Coffee + cool, overcast weather + some time off = nice start to my week.
“: New revenue numbers suggest positive economic growth for Wisconsin! We need to continue to move forward.” Divide & Conquer?
"Do you have an iPhone? I need to charge my phone." "No, I don't have an iPhone, but I do have a charger for iPhone."
RT : David Day, 's Tech Director: Graduate school is a great training ground to be an entrepreneur.
you are both right. And I only ate half.
Huge Sale on books! Best sellers Inmate 1577, The Hunted, False Accusations: $1.99 Fatal Twist: $.99
I WATCHED A DOCUMENTARY ON THE ULTIMATE WARRIOR TOO!
Starting a new blog reviewing my experiences of trying to drink 365 bloody marys this year - www.chicagolandbloodymary.com - check it out!
on video games
I agree is the best! Easy to use + allows a sm biz owner to increase their likes, tweets, followers quickly.
these are how rumors get started..
looking kinda sexy in new profile pic, my friend ;-p
..ain't nothing wrong with that! I did that last night! Lol. Be safe
Gene Grant w/ in Albuquerque. Host of 'New Mexico In Focus.' Trader Joe's - Simpler Times lager tonight.
That Pitt D was bad ass! Good game overall.
/knocks it back, returns glass with a debonair wink/ ... /staggers out of bar/
We're really good at the craft of printing and we can help you to grow your business through marketing strategies that go well beyond print.
For 2012, I am thinking that I may not set any long term goals for the year, but smaller shorter term goals throughout the year.
I was told my spec of Parks and Rec is amazing by a current industry writer! Can I send it to you to check it out please?Thanks
think they ought just make it a skills comp and 7-7 flag football game. That shit sucked dog!
Intense controversy on the bus over a car seat
why thank you ♥
#questionsihatebeingasked Is the #achievementgap closeable w/o solving poverty 1st? Answer: Yes. We know from experience.
Emergency Depends alert!! LOL!
Have to go back to Arby's to reupload a Video!Manana!What a pain!
#sotu GO OBAMA!!
#Howzit? If u love #Entertainment #ThemeParks #Bars #Nightclubs #Pubs #StripClubs #Parties #NFL #NBA #MLB #NHL #Follow us
Book your next waxing service with me... Facial, and or Body ;)
check out my bls
lol will say though looks better on u than it does on me
Unofficially yours...officially great movie!
hahahha no way not what i totally meant hahah gross!
I'm just gonna retweet everything you say kk
Janie, it's going to be rather troublesome
#waroftheroses always makes my thursday mornings entertaining and...uncomfortable 😜LOVE IT!!
I'm not good with change. I'm just deeply affected by it in a way I can't explain.
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale has officially been added to my list of holiday must watch movies.. Yes that list is messed up, but I love it
problem with that would be that noone outside Bmore would understand 2/3 of it.
Not 100% sure of availability to get together but I will be in Austin tomorrow night if anyone wants to get together.
i would love to be drunk right now
My month was made when I got the new in the mail today and it's all about #branding!
RT : The language of friendship is not words but meanings. ~Henry David Thoreau
I cannot comment about your parents because I do not know them or the context of these Obama comments.
The key as always for Noesi will be the ability to change speeds & hit 93-94 mph with his fastball..
That's like Eddie Murphy tweeting about being pregnant. *shrugs* Whatever...;)
Blasting Paris Hilton & working out. Done with school, forever.
It's not often that PR and pro sports collide - thanks for the RT!
Please look for our Groupon today! Great savings if you are anyone you know is in the market for a new mattress set!
Your link to counter to Chris Jordan's comments appears not to be working - but I'm curious! Post again?
your son and all the other Boyz are such an insperation to me! They're very talented dancers ! I hope to meet them one dayy.(:
What will I do today?
Thanks again to everyone who came out and supported our Taste A Thon Fundraiser! Friend us on facebook and tag yourselves in pictures!
I would like to say a HUGE thank you new followers and all of the people who have been supporting #poemage THANK YOU!
BULGARIA BULGARIA BULGARIA! Wish #NKU's Chamber Choir luck as we compete in the European Grand Prix!
What are you going to dress up as for Halloween? I need some inspiration!
TSA computer "randomly" selected me for extra screening. See my earlier tweet.
are you really certified lol jk(:
OH : "The iPhone is like a hot date. You wanna touch and hold it, but don't count on a real relationship - there's nothing there"
Argh. Monday am traffic
Sleep schedule? What's that?...
Can you believe that has never been tailgating? To be rectified Friday.
"Um, you know, like, um, like, you know what I'm saying," says the kid. My reply, "No. I have no idea what any of you are saying."
awesome - cant wait to see it ;)
want me to tell you who wins
Just made it to the gym thru crazy traffic! Oh, traffic signals out at some really big intersections! Yikes, police setting up 2direct
Look, he's avoiding you now because you busted him cheating!!
Show getting stupid. Guys should have left. She's vacant and ridiculous.
-- is better than all those for tracking references to anything.
I burned my head with the flat iron -_____-
At my first job.... Not really feeling good....but I'm gonna make it...TYJ
hello nurse!
Reppin new topsliders and a tan. #summer has arrived!
Im the Pussy monster so throw the pussy at me
:-( RT : Craig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, "I have no plans to play."
Justin please follow me!
#Saints knew exactly what was coming..look at all the positions they been filling
A new program coming to the University of Baltimore in 2013. M.S. In Innovation Management & Technology Commercialization. Very cool!
keep smiling, & one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
: It was so good! I spent the weekend reading CLASH OF KINGS on the beach.
“Thank you for such a wonderful experience at the Dosha. I love my hair so much more now. You did an awesome job" LOVE these comments!
I want to go back to the days of Throwdown and Wheels on
C'mon Karma!! Remember all those times I.... or that one time... uh... aw shit... I'm not getting these tix, am I?
You mean "masher-ish"? Not at all!
#Shenyun will come back to Washington DC in March, 2012, the most beautiful season in DC with cherry blossom around you.
I know you get this alot But I thought I'd try and tell you. You are my INSPIRATION. <3 2
last time i checked, there was no time limit for cleanin the danm kitchen
Just because we're in a recession doesn't mean your product/business has to be so isolated. Call #TOPFAMENT about our promos! 410.513.9199
We're giving away #UWM mobile tshirts at the Union right now!
yeah, i'm really nervous.
I'm so sleepy lately 😣
yaaay :D Have a safe flight darling ^~^
from now on just equate lenox with cookies and you will always remember to hit me up first lol RT : aww man 😔
Yea she does! RT : thx for the follow glad you made it for Friday fun! PS your wife roooooocccckkkkssss!! :-)
What if rappers rapped about nice things? Its like,"GIRL IMA TAKE UR CLOTHES OFF &...give them to that homeless person because he's cold."
Checkout Epidemic Chronicles Music Site.
It's all good! Maybe we'll make our way up to New York this year!
fighting weakness with strength
Starting work today with the Global Health Institute, guiding a group on making street theater on social and scientific themes. Love it.
I invite people to examine their lives without negativity, knowing that it's scary, but that not doing it is even scarier
were gona practice more and mess with some of our strategies
FLOW LIKE A RIVER
Just started following you...hope your wife is okay.
I saw yours and it made me wanna play with mine.
Such a boring night
And thank you for the kind words!
Thank you for caring abt and supporting MIOTCRA. Help is sorely needed in this area. The # of MI offenders has ballooned.
Hey #ATX! 1.5 hrs left for you to get down to Highball & shop some awesome local vendors!! Get to it!!
Virtual high-five :) Yes YOU!
Check what I said we were losing until MDA finally put a PG on the floor named Lin. Baron is hurt again.
ugh! What's up with this week? Saw more terrible ee behavior last night that disturbed me!
Returning to Bartok, Berio, Rossini transcriptions for concerts with D Stoltzman later this month. Always a new adventure and many changes!
Hi, everybody! Finally getting a chance to check in after a great week of ISTEP!
I need to focus...today will be yet another distraction.
Thanks for coming! Loved seeing you!
Quote of the day happened during a hot stone massage: "Oh! My toe stone popped!"
Id rather talk on here lol and sure! I can do that :) when does it have to be in by?
thanks for the
At #seasms ready to hear no snow, great crowd.
Day by day, I am taking chances... Loving you is a chance I take every day.
Just hit the east side of the LBC..... Literally
music helps me escape from the reality I live in
jus came from the golden corral.. dont do anything this weekend
With and driving to San Diego. So fun!
DM me. Your wasting my tweet space. ×_×
Hamilton pulled a quad Tuesday night in Baltimore...
I'll think about it. :D
She say she think I'm the realiest out, that makes 2 of us
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
my life is amazing. you know theress this guy that i like , hby?
Wondering if a digital writing space would be as inspiring as a physical one. Time for coffee and thought!
What are the non-religious arguments for ritual circumcision?
On that study grind
Buy our record at one of our shows and get it for 5$ or buy it online at www.fastcar.bandcamp.com hope everyone's having a relaxing Sunday!!
Emerald looks really. freaking. cool! #RevereisComing!
hey beautiful
PLEASE HELP PUT JOSEPH KONY AWAY TO PRISON FOR LIFE FOR HIS CRIMES!!
That sucks! :(. Can't you stay with her when you go see her in April?
Thanks! RT : We're sipping a satisfying cup of 's Chanakara Blue Ginger!A totally beautiful brew! You guys rock! ^_^
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
agreed, but we don't have the resources for it this year. Maybe next.
that's life's way of keeping you from a bad situation...you'll always be able to obtain what you're truly meant to have
Thanks for following! Hopefully we will work together in the future :)
red meat and gin sounds good too
with you on that! and then the bachelorette:)
Should I post tracks from the CD as it's being recorded? I'm on the fence about it.
either I'm trippinballs or mickey mouse is rowdy in my apt.
Rough offseasons for our teams and I think that's putting it mildly.
Thanks for the support!
oh and ikr we'd have to be there real early to get near the front lol
Have to be up at 12:30am to stand in a line all day!! Tomorrow's going to be a long, fun day.
Also it's ronnie jackson's birthday. So, double incentive.
My auntie just said we out here tryin to function lmao
how can you chop down a tree and then chop it up?
#YouWasCuteUntil You Showed Me Your Teeth! So Disgusting!
nice meeting you, Tim
Holiday Bazaar is coming soon! I hope to see some Eugene faces at the Fifth Street Public Market! Starts Nov20th.
So funny. An entire segment on neuticles!
they both are working
How many "Merry Xmas" Texts did YOU get YESTERDAY?
no you don't
"General Hospital" always has a way of making my life seem pretty boring...I'm not sure I can come back from death once, let alone twice!
Sometimes, words are better off left unsaid because saying them would make things worse.
No one can tell me what my song is about? That's terrible....you people are NO fun....maybe if I offer a pizza as a prize =D
ah same here with the finals :/ Big Bro.
and the right one won't make u cry
that one with the fox is kind of scary! But thanks for sharing!
Just checked into studios #daydreamsandnightmares June 2012
seriously my roomies locked the bathroom and nobody is in the bathroom... are you really that fucking stupid.. i will piss in your kitchen
Chris Davis throwing HEAT
I feel the same way Lol
Really bored!!!:(
So we have been thinking about bringing in some guest vocalists on our new recordings...who would you want to hear?
- You're skinny and stressed. It'll happen. P.S. everyone in the whole world can read what you write. Tweet accordingly.
If an essay says due may 11 can i turn it in that night?
so i'm just wondering are there any people out there who give relationship advice but cant get one of their own? Cuz thats totally me :/
Choir rehearsal soon. Pay day tomorrow .
u gonna be on sc tonight
Sharapova chops off her long blonde hair The tennis star trimmed her long blonde locks. Cast a vote on whether you like it.
only the strong survive
welcome to the iPhone family.
It will smell like clam chowder there, so fricken' bad *laughs*
Off to LA for College Art, hydra-headed annual conference for art historians, artists, museum folks. Presenting Friday on steve.museum.
Hello Neal. Welcome!!
Beach, books, and boys - not in that order. The water is great Tyler - come join me here on Fire Island.
Party with tonight as we toast to our owner Joel on becoming a daddy at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln...we will be given away drinks
Now it looks like I won't get to the #PCTBB until almost 2:30. Oops.
No better or worse than other US airlines. Depending on route and date, it can be like a cattle car.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beer Bistro - Pub (live updates)
Peter is so whack. #RHOA reunion
what just hapennedddd? :)
we love you all year round
And listening to #U2 while I cook it.
Smooth ride 2 Ft Wayne tonight. Pioneers take on Manchester at 3pm tomorrow. Going for win # six. Women play @ 1 pm. W.transysports.com
When your best friend makes the trip to walmart for the awkward condom buy...hahaha
<3! I'm wearing 80 tomorrow! RT : Looking forward 2 Driver holding up that trophy to the fans just like Reggie White did in '97
Thought I spotted Gov. Christie at the Columbia, NJ rest stop but it was just some other fat douche.
I find it useful for professional things - getting headlines w. links around topics I follow - Fcbook not so much.
Did you know that a brewed cup of coffee is the most chemically complex beverage on earth?
WHEN BOYZ GEt JElOUS; ItS CUTE; WHEN GiRLS GET JELOUS; iTS WORLD WAR 3.
< lol boy u crazy!
part 55 the anticipation is killing me.
Switching between the Lakers game and Scared Straight
Much obliged...you have yerself a good day now... :-)
will you please follow my friends and ! Thanks!
": I think I want to hear it " Yo check it out A...its a solid album from start to finish.
It's Summer Camp time! Advertise with Sprinkles Magazine!
disregard females, acquire currency.
Join tonight for Nathan Dye, , tonight at 6pm. Happy hour to follow!
following you now, yes am author of blog.
I'm in! // RT : Twitter chat TODAY (Wed) with bloggers from Tanzania. 2PM EST / 1PM CST.
Wow, you really told me didn't you! Stop taking yourself seriously...
Let me take you to a place that's nice and quiet where there ain't no one there to interrupt .. ain't gotta rush !
RE: Democracy & our ability to vote, I agree. Unfortunately it comes w/ a package our officials will mismanage & abuse.
Just had a conversation with very talented girl from Dubai one of the most talented singers I've heard and that was just Over an app
perfectly executed "that's what she said". Well done!
Tonight at 9PM ET on TV! #LongBeachPoly #4thandForever RT : don't for get to tune in for the show 4th and forever
Story Idea:How 2 build evaluation 4 PARENTS .Doesn't take a Ph.D. 2 produce a Ph.D if perserverant,hungry, determined
"JOEY AND JANICE'S DAY OF FUN!!" :) only my and my mom!
Busted that ass today tho... Dropped 30 points, 12 assists, a few rebounds, a steal, and 2 blocks. Leggo!
...as if we're surprised when politicians end up being hypocrites.
Leadership is getting others so excited about the view from the mountaintop that they actually enjoy the climb.
nothing like putting on a brand new pair of socks.
do you really wanna love me forever, oh oh ohh or is it just a hit and run?
"I give tattoos to strippers and idiots" -/// lmao, that's awesome.
I thought Brooks Reed played just as much a part in that sack as Antonio Smith. Give cred to the rook.
im only eating 2 donuts... im on a diet
"WAIT FOR IT.. WAIT FOR IT..... THERE IT IS!!" Everytime this dude walks past lmfao... everytime.
with a new mixtape "Cota Da Streetz - Green Brickz Vol. 1 - OFF SAFETY Hosted by DJ Holiday" download it at...
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
I had two events on Saturday and got some much needed rest. Now i am up and ready to work the rest of the day away.
you were the biggest life lesson. #NoRegrets you, as a person suck now though
+ it undermines America's future.
You know, you COULD bake me one of YOUR delicious meals. Alone, I am forced to eat raisins. ;)
LOL. Poor Ben.
welp havent been on in like forever so whats up with everyone???
Avatar is my new favorite movie!!
I'M SORRY BUT WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME SCOTT FOLEY WAS GOING TO BE ON ?!? From Felicity to True Blood. I still LOVE him.
We hear ya. See you next time!
3 more weeks for me
I will have nothing to watch after #PrettyLittleLiars goes off. ):
The CBS 58 Morning News is on the scene of breaking news: house fire in Hales Corners.
great car, Only issue ever was the idle control valve. I bought it from him when I had an e39, ever notice all BMW smell the same
Will the league look at the Bryant foul on Faried & rule it a flagrant 2 and suspend him for the next game?
I solemnly vow to never drink Narraganset beer again. It's terrible, and I refuse to be a person that pretends to even remotely enjoy it.
Brown, RISD rank on list for social media - Providence Business News
Thx! I need to find a way to work in a monthly breakfast mtg in NY so we can cook up other ideas. Gr8 to find a fellow #impinv wonk!
that cobra is nice. How much?
I love the way you have been playing, such heart and hustle...let's get that win!
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
Wanna be the taste-tester/sampler for us?! :-D
Lol at the sixth graders who think they're better than everyone else.
Jan. 2011 issue MAXIMUMPC complete set protection strategies for your computer/network. One of best to use live CD/Linux Distro for banking.
Being single is much more wiser than being in a wrong relationship.
best of luck Blake
Shame on you for talking reason and sense in to me about going to Phoenix haha... Stupid practicalness :)
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
This week I passed on applying for a job that some thought I should try for. Just couldn't convince myself that it's a good fit.
dass what I'm saying
Finished my character analysis!
Having a disagreement about what it costs to get brakes&routers replaced. Front 2 on an '03 Camry. Your price?
YouTube or podcasts only, no typing
": Wasp venom contains chemicals that will alert other wasps to join in & sting the victim."
Bein honest in my own estimation of my positions so that I can accept the outcome, pay the price & reevaluate myexpectations.
picked perfect produce: Peppers, pickles, potatoes, pies, pumpkins presently at the Pavilion! :)
Go follow if you don't follow her then delete ur twitter so go follow her she follows back!!!!! GO!!
On my way! To the movie to see the Avengers I'll let u guys know if it worth see
That's bc everything outside of Thursday is bad. I just think they lose their Thursday lineup for more sitcom is beyond stupid.
I love it, I love it, I love it when u eat it
"Awesome! Sloppy Joes. That's camp food" my coworker with a huge grin on his face
Yeah, I think you would be better off with something like Yoga,
Pig hearts
As a former waitress, all of you tweeting #IHateWhenMyWaiter should spend a month waiting tables.Then u can talk.
how do you like Arizona??
is the Supply Store open on Sunday? Where can I find the hours?
So many men so little aspirin.
good look for the love
Keep on a positive issue message not dissing the other guy.
Thats not how we do that missy , lol we keep it professional
bitch stfu!!! My lil bro was crying in his sleep…lol
I am verklempt. Overwhelmed. And I will #zollways love you.
Friday massages at work = win
You meant "soo creative" ; )
it started off in the middle school bathroom around 11:00 before lunch time:) u just pulled me aside nd we made out:)
That was a horrible call. No excuse for giving that ball to Syracuse. Absolutely ridiculous.
I wish I could! Sound like it's going to be a fun night!!
Thoughts on phx #kings series? Will be physical series, already is 10 minutes in.
I'm on my way to the Highschooollll
STILL SNEERING.
im not sure .. what does she do.. where does she live?
This is horrible I have a piece of tree bark in my eye. -_____-
Left school early blah ):
‎"A world where hiearchy is inevitable would be one where possibility is finite and ... little room would be available for imagination."
not lost on me. amazing!!
I mean, if you're going to slice your hand open, might as well do it while you're cutting limes. That makes it sanitary, right?
Haven't tweeted in a while =P
100% agree...I love Area
Listen to your patrons honestly. Sometimes they're doing something different bc our tools don't work.
Stay safe and keep us posted - praying that these storms will just weaken - I'm over them and I know you are
Yu Yu Hakusho was a raw ass show dude!
Thank you guys!
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do... - David Joseph Schwartz
I'm weak, well hopefully the with give you your phone back soon.
" love you the right way, he aint gunna ! "
True Grit @ WGA Theater.
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST. $3 Wells/$5 Top Shelf. Ladies FREE till 11. 18&up welcome! Dj Mystik in the mix.
me too name buddy hahah
Shheeeiitt!Hour& a half? ya`ll must travel well together.takes u bout 30min(unless everybody is asleep).
Every week I give 2 Broke Girls a chance after HIMYM...and I never make it past the opening sequence.
Congratulations! Was sharing a few resources to add to the session I was just in about networks @
SnOOd of the day: many tine tanies on the meeting stye and a session with the new swagster !
we have a sexist *society*, not just dudes. I don't let it slow me down, I call it when I see it & I don't downplay being a woman!
Once again a Bartlett error costs the PAdres the game. Then Hudson shows why he needs to be cut.
This is so fun!!!!
that so true!
For real??
Watch today to find out if your orange juice is safe...I wonder if it's even juice.
Come on bro, I'm running out of patience ;)
i seriously need to do a photoshoot asap! i miss working on set!
Happy Hour always puts a smile on my face. Especially when The bartenders know your name and what you drink.
it's almost ridiculous how many people, when their team doesn't make the playoffs, jump on the #Canucks hate bandwagon.
Happy Holidays
Dang ? RT WI lawmakers declared Jan 26 Bob Uecker day. But, for it to pass Uecker must denounce players union.
I have been thrown out of co-rec hockey games, but haven't brandished a blade yet.
#infoicouldveusedanhourago RT : Today's game has been postponed. Rescheduled info to follow shortly.
I'm sitting next to fellow contributors & at #140cuse and they probably don't know it.
whats good son
we need to hit up chillies and hollys real soon girl.
The metrics group wanted to be provocative and bold in generating new metrics #scholarlyattrib #altmetrics =>Let's hear it!
Best advice all month: RT : Show an author you care, leave a positive review
"FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME TWEET TWEET!" !!(;
there was some kind of major delay when I left (I also left from millbrae which makes a big difference)
I always think the next nigga tryna get over. That's just my state of mind.
getting ready off to school and then taken my college writing final!!
what a story - glad you are sharing your optimism!!
Have the best weekend ever! You deserve it. Ravens 30, Steelers 21.
... I guess you were born on a powerful date?
NO Davy Jones!!! :'( RIP Davy Jones
beat some ass!!!
The worst is over folks! Brooklynites dealing with the Irene aftermath now..People out in Coney Island are relieved it wasn't a lot worse.
today was a good day i hope that everyone else had a good day as well
Register for The Premier Vocal Coaches free vocal seminar Sat Feb 18 register by emailing and get more info
German chocolate, english tea, french music, local beer hangover - let's write this paper already.
haha lyrics to a song..and yes please :)
This is completely pathetic.
its okay
": hurry up and blow up"=we already blowed up!!
This lady bumpin' her gums on the phone while her lil' son & daughter walking behind her. What kind of parenting is that?
lol always so sporty
The Senate rejected Richard for the CFBP job, and Obama hired him anyway,People don't know what Congress is
Sodomy & foot fetishes: the topics of #LGBT Lit, according to a faculty member. His reasons why LGBT Lit should not be taught
#SomethingThatMakesMeHappy is to drink Dr. Pepper <3
You Saved Me because Before i Started Listening to your music I was Lost In My Problems But You saved me I Love You Lady Gaga
Yes but Kevin keeps an extensive "personal journal" :) RT : LOve the fact that your products are diary free
Today we're making some change in our magazine website design, so we need your opinion. Should we keep the existing design or change it?
No plans for tonight? Go to the Clayton center at 7:30 for an a+ ballet! Buy your tickets at the door
Nice. My fav? A priest, a rabbi, & a minister walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this? A joke?"
i'm not on that team.. LMFAO
Apple granted patent for lowercase letter "i".
Fuck the fans who dont like AGT talk. There r those of us that LOVE whatever u talk about!!!
sad cole hamels is suspended but that was such a good hit!
I gotta go too Sarah.
When you know that you're on the right road, you recognize the wrong turns easier and prevent yourself from and
Won't be much to follow since you said he died before getting a RT from Vargas!
Thanks for the FF :)
One more week--just do it!!
john wouldn't blame me at all
Are you playing tonight? How many runners so far?
I've never actually been to the real location, just eaten at summerfest or state fair. How's the food?
Scotland that is cool, I am from the states
OMG. Golden birthday = forever ruined in my head.
Take chances in life. You only got 1 chance to live your life. #KeepStriving ...
Stephen Curry rolls ankle again, leaves game early
I learned today not to try and talk to when she's designing/working. She doesn't listen. Too focused. :)
I am so in love with God sho knew what I needed when he made him! ....nothing can compare to the love we share!
Loves being treated like this when I don't deserve it especially by those that are closest to me
You become what you resist. Whatever you resists persists in life and uses up your energy in struggle.
trying to contact you, do have any time to talk to me about your work & Natural History Museums? Please?
NV "I have been a longtime supporter of marriage equality for all Americans and am glad [Obama] has embraced this civil right."
RT : New @ DB.com, Apr 17 Gratitude Watch, posts by , , & more. If you enjoy, please RT!
ain't that the truth. Get on Gchat today would ya? I'll be on in an hour.
If life gives you melons you are anorexic... I mean dyslexic.
writing a paper on books you haven't read or own is harder than I thought
RT “: Broncos re-signed exclusive rights free agent punter Britton Colquitt.”
Isn't it amazing the kinetic energy potential mother earth possesses? Cool stat!
I'm kinda scared to look at it..well, here it goes!
of course! :) i totally just found out about last week! and i live 10 min from their storefront!
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
The world can be a magical place if you just take the time to look
I like using something to manage them still. Makes it easier to troubleshoot when something goes all corrupt or other things.
Already Got It. Sucker
i will but its kinda awkward. Connie called my house and yelled at me because i didnt tell her i wasnt returning.
THIS IS SO TRUE. Shut up and Watch!
I wish I knew how to not be broken anymore.
Dipping my feet into the Pacific. It's actually warmer than the air!
picture please
Happy Birthday!
Seriously I was just gonna ask a quick question.
For the record - I liked melissa McCarthy back when she was Sukie.
love your live shows, unfortunately dont have tix for ramshead tonight
honey badger is bad ass.
#InMiddleSchool class work was so much easier!
...my beliefs are that the business needs to serve the family rather than the family serve the business.- Kathy Ireland
Being such a good cook that even the fire alarm cheers you on.
what's really hood
What if aliens only abduct crazy people because no one will ever believe them?
lmao i had no idea bob marley made the cops song(bad boys)
we gotta rep hard
Second period complete with score tied up at one
I think it all depends on whether the insanity has a purpose... :x
Slapped Andrew in the face today at lunch... he got mad ode... but then he told me to meet him at the bus stop soo i did and he just started
Very busy day: Server maintenance, #Warof1812 in-house requests, grant meeting, etc.
When A Bitch Say " Let Me Put My Clothes On First " , That's Fighting Words
thanks lady! I'll check 'em out after class.
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS.
Enjoying the gorgeous LA weather! Then hittin Staples Center later for PAC-12 and watch CU win!
Work today . Blah -_____-
Much respect for those that rock the chest hair. You headed to Miami next month?
Heard a new term today... Ladder faculty
HAS A TWITTER YAYAYAYYY
Just crossing into Alabama the beautiful! Movin' on down the highway!
sitting in a room of 6 men, listening to boy bands, working on a sunday, after PalmerFest is LESS THAN....
you know it. Proud of you. That's the year the commonwealth was born. Cats.
Yeah... sadly, though, a 1-0 win over the Braves isn't quite the keep the dream alive moment I was hoping for... :)
"Nothing Else Matters" by Metallica still gets me misty-eyed.
i learned how to say hi my name is daniel in portuguese today.
Yiiiiip! On my way.
Will be there": (100) days until countdown begins - kickoff event in Times Square today! #NYC #sportsbiz"
keeps crashing when I try to correct my spelling. It's quite annoying, Chrome doesn't have this problem.
applebees then transformers 3 with the boys!!
Can't wait for saturday night! Labyrinth of Jareth Masquerade Ball 2010!!!!! Daphne Kirby workshop during the day! I love life :)
Stress & suck must go away! You've got a book to read, after all. The world must acknowledge your priorities.
After 14 long years, this day is finally here! UK gets their 8th Championship Tonight!
I hope u feel better soon
I don't always agree with you but excellent call on the McGillivray fight last night. Jackson should have stopped it.
Former UMass forward Matt Glass with the bucket + one opportunity. Glass gives #Vermont a 26-19 lead with 3:56 to play.
My new single "Life Not Typical" was on the "Most Added" list on the Billboard chart this week - say yea with me!
He broke up with you? #GetOverItLifeGoesOn You deserve better anyway
lol well mine isn't mainly for HipHop. The boyz can do some ballet and jazz though! Hahah
soon come my brudda....trust me. everything is being knocked down in an orderly fashion.
al i want to do is be with you<3
btw love for SI swimsuit cover
scary ass! "I'm gonna let this slide!" blah blah blah yada yada yeah okay BACK SEATAH!
When somebody says they had no choice,they're lying people always have a choice.They just chose to take the easy way out..<3
Just left from seeing the movie Immortals.
Haha, those are great!
so literal, I like it!
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
or drink and make cell calls
Merry Christmas everyone. Give the gift of love this year and tell your friends to listen to our EP, they will love it.
Half-secret freak
My sister is practicing the piano in the other room, sounds awesome!!! yey!
sounds like you're confused lol
who doesn't know all the words!??
Aw, Danielle, so sweet of you. I really needed the boost today. Thanks so much + love you!
WOW...Fantasy football stud AND you tweet during the games...is there anything you don't do?
welcome to the quad
You ain't right bro! Hahaba
About to take a shower
alright just making sure you're happy! :)
lmfao ahahahahah “ No! No! Fuck no! Im NOT letting this big headed bitch suck me into another twitter war. #janf #bfk #XLhats”
How hot are you? Omaha at 115 degree heat index.
om I love you.
they were so good! Thanks for taking me along!
also, better-looking.
A special on the science of sex lol
Thank YOU brave men & women who protect our freedoms! Salute to their strong families too! Happy #MilitaryMonday!
:) Warm fuzzies all around!! You all are awesome!
Aww it's gonna be alright!!! Get a good nights rest so you're ready for a fresh start tomorrow:) HUGS!
Very interesting use of video. Are any of them private? Or all public...
Had the first major thunderstorm of the wet season last night. Summer is a comin'
We are also coming up with a system where people can submit a shirt to us
You stand with workers you cannot lose!
Just typed iDeal by instinct. What have you done Apple…
don't stop until you're done!
Some fail to realize you get Nothing for Nothing....
Who can recommend a good place for BBQ?
how about using one out of the hundred alternative channels?
Thanks for following us!
Light legs and back workout. Tomorrow is fitness class and cardio.
Imagine if theres someone doing the same shit you do but in another part of the world .............
OK, here I am...officially following !! So, who wins a copy of the CD?!
"That which he has not assumed he has not healed..."
We are huge fans of your technical service! So far so good working with you guys, plus the speed is awesome!
I'm getting tired.
....are you going to be at Zia Records in LV before the show???
i wish i could see the We Came As Romans/A Day To Remember/Bring Me The Horizon/Pierce The Veil in boca on sunday :'''(
Let's stop our 100 yr old superstitious dance with a "default" name and partner up with a new one!
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of. -Jane Austen
Absolutely! Throw them a curve! and a left and a right! Keep 'em confused but not so much that they forget to feed us. :o)
Oh, and drink up. Have two on me.
has everyone received feedback yet or are you still working on them :)
Ugh... I am not a fan of buses.. But on one...heading to Little Tokyo.. Excited about origami exhibit.
So proud of the dawgs today :) thanks for the shout outs and support!
buenos dias memo :)
imma try to come next week
There are couple of big #crossfit projects in the works. Stay tuned for more information!
who are you to speak for everyone else? No one cares what u think
Price acknowledges challenge of Smithsonian to reflect diverse ethnic experiences while teasing out a national consensus
hope your day is going well....
you know the #Mariners are struggling offensively when an rbi groundout is 1 of the runs scored.
Merry Christmas from all (both) of us at Fuzz Martin Media, and may you have a phenomenal 2012!
I'm gna be eatin some pizza's & frinkin some booz w/ while watchin NEW Ghost Adventures!
Damn. I swear every time I see you, I fall even more in love.
Norway is amazing. So strongly united in love for each other. Wish more countries had same values. Then it would have been peace on earth.
hard wrkn day of music
Working outside didn't really happen, just wishful thinking. But went out at lunch. Hard to come back in.
C'mon, billy crystal. Christian bale was in Newsies too.
I dont know what it means, but #TaylorIssues !!!!! :^)
Going out for dinner tonight .. limiting my meals out to stay healthy. Grilled pork chops tomorrow and chicken chaat on Thursday at home
yes. I haven't even EATEN steak yet though. Just ground beef in like spaghetti sauce.
Breaking news: Tito Rojas and La India to perform live on July 8th at Milwaukee's lakefront Summerfest 2012 in Wisconsin.
#unwifeable if she diss the music i make and the ppl i hang wit. friends-forever bezzy-4 the moment
is she a believer in Christ?!
Any #Pac12 team is OK with me--as long as their opponent is
just sent off Bell Italia NYC YHMA marathon program 8 Scarlatti 6 Pag. Berio solo and with Zaira, Vivaldi now to get it all to next level!
"Father, forgive them" (Luke 23:34) Ignorance is no excuse. Christ’s death, Christ’s forgiveness is still required.
I think my heart is just to big time to start acting like a dick
Sure. I may not use it though. I get ADD with online stuff and jump from one place to the next. lol. Love link btw
We will be having a team representing Morsekode at #BowlORama tomorrow, its time for bowling, drinks, and good friends.
So excited! A good friend and a great actor Todd Lawhorne just agreed to play Patrick Berg, one of our smaller but equally important roles.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that lies about everything
is coming to Janesville, WI. Come out to Riverside Park on Sat May 12th at 10 AM to participate in our free Fistball Clinic!
I missed the passive aggressive outlet for my anger and frustration, of which Twitter is useful.
say prove it
Agree. Suarez is convincing. RT : Michael Suarez, head of , says "A digital book is not a book." Agree/Disagree?
My neighborhood looks so good right now
hahahahah it's a decent song...
": Just whooped on in Wii bowling...sorry, mom!" Whooped is a strong word for a 5 pt win I think.
Been Hard at in the Studio Lately, New Songs coming out Soon!
Everyone go follow for updates from The Ready Set's "Young Forever" video shoot
will be there in a min or two. Black jacket, black shirt & jeans... so I probably look like almost everyone else, haha.
is bi-winning the hottie ratings on the site www.wherethehottiesat.com
Ok. Will discuss with the team.
Control|24 board has done its last session here. Waiting for the D-Command to arrive. Meanwhile, the wires in the walls remain obstinate.
SICK sick
": Ohhmygoodnesss comes in two days #exited :)" CANNOT WAIT TO SEE MY GIRL :)
The brilliant ones and the and the ones that fall short. All of 'em.
Vikram please get C the fuck away from Barack and his idiot pay Czar. Who the hell is this clown to tell you how much you can pay?
clean up and doing my hair
Olivia- Beautiful-- reminds me a bit of Cat Stevens...
Is any fish more routinely overcooked in restaurants than salmon?
whoops, I sent PC tips. Can you check your Temporary Recordings folder under Home\Movies\Camtasia 2
I'm bring the joint.....savings bank money in case we run out of supplies
Pisses me off how I keep gettin spam messages on here and some how sending them. If you get one from me then I'm sorry.
Just up-potted 100 plants in prep for the upcoming plant sale to raise $$ for the "From the Ground Up"
what u freaking out about
Go online, dine and recline above the city skylines. Drink fine wine and Mai Tais. Sit back and F-L-Y. ©2011
good luck tomorrow. Thanks for leading the team through adversity. An admirable job by you and this team. Go get the Gators.
Love your new avatar. Work it, pretty lady!
my condolences, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
But it is so worth it!
You should give and a shout out!
Grand opening of Tivoli Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm Farmers Market w/ a twist 302 S Rampart
50% Boxwire Skybox Plan! Spread the word, save 50% off any plan! For a Limited Time! Discount Code: BOX2011
It s a long break.
Margarine was touted as the "cure" for saturated fat of butter, yet it turned out to be worse due to trans fat.
Goodbye Camp Quantico! Hello Annapolis Naval Academy! Headed to DC after!
Don't give up. The people who succeed are people who refuse to quit. Just don't quit. -Penelope Trunk
It's still lob city when the lakers are playing. Just that Denver is throwin the lobs up! Lol
Because Im About That Life .
we should chill after break! :)
how did I miss ALL of this?
Just a tad early
Every battle in life is 20% physical, 80% mental. Want, Will, Win.
i feel like it's my brother's life goal to make me wanna jump off a cliff. -.-
Lol that's very interesting xD. In a good way of course!
i love your smile <3 you are truly flawless(:
In case it's before opening, we have grower Champagnes by the glass.
Amazed there are so few #firsteditions available of Henry Beston's "The Outermost House" when I search vialibri and abebooks.
you're lucky you're all the way in Boston. Fucker
De nada. Have a good one, chica!
Wondering what will happen to Pontiac now that it will not longer be under the GM umbrella.
Alright who trynna chill and drink?
Meillassoux doesn't sound that crazy to me. Does that make me crazy?
Thanks for sharing today's blog entry!
When will u realize ?
Haha RT : Stupid, attention-grabbing little girl with a root sports sign, stop it. Make a pirates sign or don't make one at all.
Whoops! Still, yay!
Jan Pieter van Voorst van Beest speaks at the Friday Local Author Series about "New Mainers" in the Lewis Gallery! 5/4 @ noon!
Excited to begin my new journey as assistant wbb coach at Cleveland State University! So many great ppl to thank
Ordered the fight like mayweather tonight
wao, thank you so much! That means a lot to me. Your strategy on how to make peace in the Middle East is pretty genious ;-)
You know your tired when your alarm becomes part of your dream!
Hope everything is going well.
I can never get enough of DesandNate.c:
Probably shouldn't then if there's more than one!!
ICE THE GAME!
I'm down!!
Don't forget, we also have gift baskets and gift cards available for the holiday season!
RT - That will give New England the help it has been seeking at right guard. Waters, who worked out for the Patriots on Saturday.
The gift of forgiveness destroys the root of bitterness that makes the fruit U bear taste rotten." ~ Solomon
Check out Partners in Diversity #pdx Logo
Dj ghost get him good show the corps scamed us they lied the apraisers were in on it
Ki-Jana used "moxie" referring to a non-McGloin. He could be expelled from the stadium for that.
You are terminally awesome. :)
Magic kingdom is a dYE day park. Hollywo availab
maybe the Harry interview from that magazine is fake…like when someone made a cover to a magazine say "Taylor Lautner confirms he's gay"
awesome I will be at the castro from 10-4 this friday! can wait to meet
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
YOU ARE THE TECH GODDESS, MISSY!
GOOD MORNING WAZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzUP
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. Baltasar Gracian
There is always an easy answer to every human
Heading back home on Thursday! Cannot wait :)
River Ridge School District referendum up 375-319 with 10 of 13 precincts reporting
why not Paul?
real challenge tomm. Kobe scoring 40+?
Big brother is out cold!! Lol !!
I'm not sure.
that moment when this bitch starts laughing at an inside joke u have w/ ur friends and she doesnt even kno wat it means #hellnobitch xP
I LOVE Campaign Week!
where is my GF i miss her :( <3
Sitting in a truck while these dudes move our stuff. Weird feeling.
omg wtf!!no ah stupid gone! I updated it on my fone and I said boys that actually arent cheaters omg haha it didnt send
RT : anyone do WP design and want to help me? :)
welcome to twitter
too bad the weather's bad. Going anyaway! RT : Have a great "Taste of the Grove" this weekend!
my nigga Glenn real as they come.
I second, search results are no longer showing up.
Smart article on #voguearchive All of your thoughts were dead on.
I'm learning quickly that I can enjoy both Game of Thrones and the books if I pretend they are in now way related.
I guess I'll go finish bonding with this geometry now. That was the best video break ever.
You ain't about that life
Hurricane Earl on track to swipe the East Coast and bring winds and coastal flooding... and cause delays to our construction schedule!
Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
You're going to make mistakes in life. It's what you do after the mistakes that count. ~ Brandi Chastain
no not this year, unfortunately. Have a super time JK and please report back any amazing ideas when you return to SF
American Bandstand & Soul Train (ok...and School of Rock) *rolling eyes*...made my Saturdays as a little girl. Very sad day.
I've got the moves like Jagger. Really. I do.
thanks! glad you liked it. And thanks for helping shoot it.
I loved it. The food is really good and the service is excellent :-)
A Tornado Warning destroying your entire sportscast is like walking in to a Sub on exam day. ”Wait...it's not today...but I didn't sleep!”
Hood is up and work is gettin' done tonight
I'll have to give that one a shot next time!
Ms. Meise is VERY critical of school's and bullying. She feels school staff should do more. A very emotional interview. BTR 10pmCT
just like all the FedEx drivers, eh? ;-)
Rockin my favorite shades in my new prof pic :)
Loving did,,
beard is worse! ;)
yes for very special PEOPLE!!
They sell out every time they are here. People love them.
Today in 1706 Benjamin Franklin was born.
Wow. Thought I had a conference call today but is really a week and a Hal from now. Guess I'm really on top of my schedule. Lol.
That's fantastic! Congrats!
Trained with best teachers including - Drs. Pierre Fournier, Jeffry Klein, Marco Gasparotti, Alberto Goldman, H.Y. Lee and Hartmut Meyer.
lol cuz it's so late where u are...
Would you DM a phone number to me? I would like to know more about the books you offer.
The honest truth....
I flipping LOVE Elizabeth Taylor with a passion. <333333
pre ordered my cd last week! So excited (:
Washing my hair later scared haha my hair wavys is banging (:
A complex mind is always one to value.
So... is singing me to sleep.
What you didn't know was that all the actors were actual zombies. SAG union rules. Complicated.
TCGD... Perfect buying opportunity!!! Slap the ask!!!
did you see 's keek? Omg i feel so bad for her!!
Meeting at the factory, samples coming, working hard to please all the HOUSE guests
Watching land before time. Why. Cause I can
Think ~ "Deal first with whatever is causing you the greatest emotional distress. Often this will break the logjam in your work and free yo…
Day and a half with no website. Radio market 31 done poorly.
happy happy Friday, sir. :)
Yay home, I can finally eat ☺
Exctied for our recruitment lunch tomorrow! Hope to see you there, free will be provided!
Music ringtones annoy me now.... my phone just live on vibrate!
wow 2days goin to be fun pushing carts
we could be up by 300 runs tonight, and somehow they will still end up with the tying run on base in the 9th.
Looking forward to attending "market to market" at poste brasserie tonight!
Whoa, its scary how well #Pandora knows the music I like. Enjoying driving in #Atlanta with tunes picked for me, I feel so special.
It is cool, but dammit, Mom, twitter was MY safe space! #emosulk :)
Target 8: Mo. Humane Society Director Salary Raises Questions - KOMU-TV
Dreaming about my next vacation. Where in the world shall I go? What continent will I be on next?
thank you(:
A check of my BMI shows that I am overweight. This is... new
Think visually. A picture truly is worth a thousand words. If they are good enough, they’ll end up on the front page next to a long article.
as the phoenix rises from the ashes so too do we, to spread across the sky our fiery wings. #sfit see you at the dust-up.
Wow you are stunning. I see why told the twitterverse to ask you out.
if u hate fb rt me
Mahmoud #Ahmadinejad Received his PHD from a paper mill.
Time's running out to win a free lg pizza today! RT this & add something u wanna do this fall. We'll randomly select a winner at 5.
Overheard at a #TreeofLife screening: Dude, took a tird so big today that I almost had to opt for a C-section.
And My CountDown Begainnsssss!
Proud of you!
MT : The stronger our EDA's r the more volunteers we'll have, the bettr financed,supprted,n preped our candidates will be
if I make myself throw up.. Do you think we can leave this town?? I allergic to the smell..
RT : #TapinTuesday All Stars - You know how to Tap In to your community
Happy First Friday #Indianapolis - Brave the cold and get out to see some arts tonight! We'll be hitting up Harrison Center and Nutcracker
I'd say pushing it around on the plate.
MOTHER OF GOD. ALL FANFICTIONS ARE SCARY DO NOT READ ANYMORE
You use both Microsoft and Apple products. That's interesting. Do you have a preference? Considered Android? Further thoughts?
We're ready for you #Chicago!!! Come say hi!!!
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
In drama class with we have to write a monolougue but his is easy and mine is difficult.
I'm home. Phone plugged in. Can you come up to my place when you get into town?
: I hope to join #WHYiGIVE. What an awesome idea!
Lol, I came very close to doing so. RT I would have put the 'Rapper' part in quotation marks.
We can't make U be ready. We can't make U put your hear into your voice box and push fire into the mic. Somebody better though
Can you go to the bathrook with me Haily b/c I'm obviously not capable of going alone
Up early about to eat breakfast and then go take this test!!
Happy cinco de mayo!
...despair written on every face, even the young and the mothers, those who should have or convey hope
I forgot to hand them out, it's no problem. I'll DM you info.
Def one to watch! RT : Ought to be a good matchup between Eaton and W. Albany's Rachel Proteau (5-10 3/4 PR) at state.
as though the unwritten chapter is *real*, even if virtual and not actual. curious to hear what others recommend, though...
Thank you
If you see the shirts & think I need a bigger one get a Large! Lol!
tell him Hi for me!
: Exciting! I'll keep my eyes peeled out for them.
Ok, just checking!! LOL. Those COA's are ALL B.S., if they're including one, it's usually a red flag.
RT : There's a music revival coming I tell you. It's coming! stay tuned...
I disagree wholeheartedly. They're in the business of manufacturing physical solar cells using chemical processes. This is that.
yes I've played that before
Woo Season 7 of Supernatural! Cas is a douche but he's still so hot! xD
point them out
RT Most imp thing to do with Google+ is claim your website and/or blog. That will help w/SEO on the platform.
I hear that!
wish you could be there, too! i have a feeling florian will be back. hopefully, we'll get good recordings. :)
I can not wait to be laying on the beaches of Ibiza
Michael Shames of UCAN says allegations of fraud and mismanagement are "smoke and mirrors"; says his lawyers will "obliterate" his critics.
Good morning people have a great day and don't 4 get to stop in to island frydays today for lunch or dinner we open at 11am and close at 10
tips on what?
#salsa workshops with Andy Cruz start at 1pm today at La Fogata!
#FF Nonprofit love!
Reetweet this if you Remember Chatting with me and answering my tunes Question!:D if not.........then
Rise and shine! #NACUA conf. in San Fran kicks off today with New Lawyer Workshop this morning and Gen Counsel Roundtables this afternoon.
that looks incredible! can I come with?
Ugh, that SUCKS.
Thanks for the #follow Happy to
You need a credit card, an insurance policy and military lineage. I had all of them, but two under the wife's name.
While your talking behind my back, feel free to bend down, and kiss my ass! (:
#prsagaconf Jeremy Baka's talk on unleashing creativity began by speaking ill of the dead and just got better from there
that statement makes me feel as though I am in sone weird parallel dimension because it sure as hell doesn't match my reality
what are you doing worrying about the Yankees! Did you see that 3 run home run?! Hell yes
follow back?
Sports heros in Boston are like crime fighters in in Gotham City. You either die a hero, or live long enough that your tee times get leaked.
I heard from that Tito gets canned if Red Sox don't make the playoffs. Could it be true? via
Not defending the driver or the France 2 car, but I've seen more loose dogs cause bike race crashes than official vehicles.
walkoff strike out wild pitch perhaps?
first thing that popped into my mind too..
well now everything is big so. Im going to have to one piece it
aight well my mom would never say those exact words but you get the point lol
I don't get it?
My Popz use to call a nigga yum yum eat em up lol remember dat
I need your love to pull me up- i can't swim on my own- it's to much <3 - ily big dylan & Dalton. (:
what's your sign? Are you a Libra, by chance?
A lot of people are yelling and wooing outside. Something about sports?
AMAZING DEAL! 4 night Cruise, $119.00.. Hurry, space is limited!
Somewhere along the line, 8pm turned from dinner time to story time, 10pm turned from party time to alone time, and 2am just disappeared.
How's that ass holdin up?
I let my haters be my motivaters.
Its time! We are holding another one of our nationally recognized-accredited certification workshops. Sat Jan 14th in Pittsburgh, PA
- thanks boss!
Salukis deserve better! Weber turned his back on SIU for Illini and now looking 2 return as early retirement
*goes in for a hug
And now all thoughts turn to
the ocean by zeppelin - Good get to work tune for a saturday.
#StanleyCup #black&yellow
oh haha guess I missed that. Oh well I doubt I'll get there by then
wow! He was creeping on you Kashe! Lmaoo
I got out of mine cause my major was horses... so I just had to ride.. :)
haha can't be, you're an inspiration to us all lol
haha agreed! :P
wave to me if you can so I can say hello!(:
Just put on a new keg. You're in luck
Where's the justice for Zimmerman!? He did nothing illegal, yet still faces possible years in prison!
Too many cops by the airport. Needa slow my ass down.
damn I have a huge headache! I haven't had anything to eat at all today :(
Visiting Tulsa, where's a great place to play golf?
Thanks man. I will email you. I appreciate it.
I'm not sure that is *always* true, but I would guess in most cases that is accurate :)
. Did I tell you and I saw the Orioles on Sunday -- looks like my losing streak from last season is over!
A desk with breasts? "Wow, look at the drawers on that?" "Yeah, but they are fake, not real draws at all.."
": ALL I WANT IS MC.DONALDS HASHBROWNS AND A CHOCOLATE SHAKE... IS THAT SO HARD" THAT ACTUALLY SOUNDS REALLY GOOD RIGHT NOW.
Did anyone record my performance for the talent show??
Booked the Psychiatrist in the SAG Indie Feature THE CHALLENGER written/directed by Kent Moran (LISTEN TO YOUR HEART w/ Cybill Shepard).
Good Job this afternoon
haha alright def be up in Rochester a lot cause of and Haha see ya soon!
Come on D! Hold em'!
The Meglio's Triple Baked Specialty Pizzas have been getting great reviews - have you tried one yet? 56% off at www.crowdclick.com
Camp Randal can hold more than
Whoa! How'd you get that cool TAP card?
THE BEST GYROS ON EARTH!!!!
"Damn three hours left at work that shit like a long block class"-kid in the cube over by the water cooler
Should admin be subject to performance-based pay? If so, at what level?
1400 runners, walkers in Legacy Loop this morning! Head to Arsenal Tech for HealthBowl and free health screenings!
Andy will play the role of savior once again.
WOW! Dave FREAKIN' Herman! Crazy fight, I thought both guys were out.
Really? 100 Greatest Songs of the 00s already? Cool, vh1.
I would hate to b on probation!
AWP is almost here. It always seems to sneak up on me. This conference is ninja-like.
establishing difference as natural is anthropological certainty - a suicidal courage one must have in modesty.
You did what you could bro. You're teammates could of matched your output a little more. lol....GG
When you run a business its so much to do blog ,change diapers order products feed a child banking and and
I'm just saying this: boys, if you rescue a pit bull, girls are gonna flock. it's like science or something.
Vision of African American memphians & White memphians enjoying the theatre together. Bandele wants to blur the racial divide.
Give us a minute to explore- got to be something hiding w/the skeletons... maybe not exactly what phillydotcom needs but...
plaseeee I'm content with a hello :)
LOL....did you guys see what just happened to eddie murphy
and I very much appreciated the kind words!
New show added! Feb. 7th at the Marquis Theater in Denver. Playing with ! Epic Proportions I say!
I asked Fraser and he doesn't know either. Sorry!
uh yah. Also them. :D I spammed their mentions to follow me and boom they saw my tweets. Haha.
RT : When you prove yourself to be consistently untrustworthy, you shouldn't expect to be placed in trusted positions.
see you in the AM :-)
Heeyyy!!! Lol miss u too! Everything Is good my way..how have u and the fam been?
I promise with everything I have that I'm never going anywhere :)
She want them ray bands.
you told us to come here for news about operations but no news for a month and your servers are down. 2nd morning in a row.
BLEACH IS ON TUNE IN NOW!!!
This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine...
..if you peek at the comics, it's his signature T. Such a great episode! After Sunday, we'll be on pins + needles until 2013 ;)
Just melts face all day.
Vision without execution is a hallucination. ~Thomas Edison
"If your love was all I had, in this life, that would be enough, till the end of time..cause I'm gonna love u girl, till the end of time!!!"
American League. Life long Yankee fan. How about you?
Selena Gomez - A Year Without Rain.
Don't bother fighting negative thinking, the fight gives it power. Instead, listen to the soft voice that loves you.
"Some say crying is a weakness, the truth is... it is simply caring and that is never a weakness, but a strength"
Been up since 6 am on campus since 9 am it's not 4:30 pm crash mode
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers
Hi, thanks for the follow ;-)
Song Writers / lets team up and write songs together for my mixtape . MENTION me !
Following on Twitter is like going to Sunday School online.
Sweetwater Sup Brand says contract with SGI - construction firm overseeing bond projects - suspended following charges from DA.
“: No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only dreaming. –Aladdin”
who ever wants to game hard hit me up :)
Q3: We just carried out an all-frosh Model UN. It would be a great pre & post activity for this.
Power outage makes me wish I had an iPad 3 with 4G. Then I could still use net for hours.
ah! you have to post part 23 like NOW! i am SO MAD AT JUSTIN. (in your sotry) you are just an amazing writer.
"it's basically a combination of jesus and jesus" i love this fanbase.
An average American, in a lifetime, will spend an average of 6 months waiting at red lights.
and i love claytonn! ;)
Thanks for following! You're amazing!
You a show stopper?
Wow, #Oscar's not shy for Hugo.
Did you know that today is Lady Gaga's birthday? What do you think of her?
Good advice! recommends low-oxalate dark green leafies for calcium; fortified foods also!
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just ask me :)
If your digital agency says they'll make your video viral, they lie. You can create a stellar video and it MIGHT go viral...
Great review in today's WSJ Review section. Congrats!
with boyish figure and steel ass cheeks for days ... Wrecking ball for a caboose
a lotta of em haters...but most of em groupies
It has to be. At the very least, I should be able to move the stupid panel back to the bottom of the screen.
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Let's Go Caps! RT : Too stressful watching the Caps game alone I'm going to to get away
How long do you think it took the committee to add "The" is the real question? Days? Weeks? I am really curious.
Good morning mermaid fans hope you all slept well!!!
There's a time and place for everything. Except when you open your mouth.
Glad to see my true friends coming out..
That's easy. The one from Naked Gun.
Trying to get some friends together to do it!
Barnes out there playin grab ass ol fruit booty nicka
great finally meeting you in person at actors connection nyc!!
Follow me now(:
"In the last 6 months, 1.3 million private sector jobs were added, the most of any 6 month period in nearly 6 years. "
omg I'm glad I didnt give up! I meant some cool people! :)
last first day of classes starts in 9 hours! I'm so ready to be done and start my career ambitions
Dear nice day, I am far too exhausted to marvel at ur beauty.
All the love you've sent out in the world will help you through this now. We love you.
i use it sparingly now, and mostly for deals/couponing. recently it got me a free split of wine at a hotel.
Quick to bite my damn head off! 4 wat tho?
Thanks for posting the CDL link so I wouldn't have to find it myself!
OMG! A rich kid might have been a dick when he was 12?!?
The Horns lead 24-16 after 3. One quarter to go in this rivalry before atm runs away.
Yeah it is defffff time to dye my hair again.
Definitely going get the RAZR tomorrow..this screen too small
how you be?
nah but they upgraded just like ya'll did
All Adidas and Ashworth shirts are $10 off when you mention this tweet. All Nike, Callaway, and tTaylor Made golf balls $10 off a dozen.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
Happy #Australia Day
globalliving.org you can donate to the Japan earthquake & tsunami relief fund and again Red Cross txt 90999 to donate $10 from your phone
": I like to move it move it I like to move it move it you like to.." MOVE IT :D
Who said, “I have Uptown problems, which aren't really problems at all" ?
Your pillow weighs 10 pounds? Why do you stuff it with, rocks?
Hi mom, I'm a TEENAGER. Tu comprendes?? I don't think you do.
I always follow back just ask for one (:
sounds about right GOPACKGO
It's a lovely rainy day in sweet tejas. Perfect movie day!
shut your mouth!
You're welcome, Karla!
Huge work event tomorrow. Both computers are playing dead. Fml. Seriously wondering how anyone accomplished anything before the digital age.
Sally, *pattern of virtue* looks just wrong
umm, I do the same thing. Does that make it better or freakier?
"refusal to sell Taiwan new military jets" "caving to Chinese pressure" we all caved 2 chinese when we started eating egg rolls
I got u!! RT : somebody tell dont stop sendin music cause the events over..lol we break records outchea ...lol
Fleetwood Mac. Just right.
love it!
Up to 13 restaurants now!!!
Following recent hires, #NelsonHall still recruiting for both #BPO analysts and marketing personnel
Jason Mraz to visit Klipsch Music Center! Get your presale tickets April 12th at 10am!
Come see with tonight at The End in Nashville!!!
DVR alert! My special Harry Potter: The Final Chapter will air again this Friday and Saturday on CNN @ 8pET/5pPT!"
Thanx! To all the ppl who been followin me
where did he grow up. Name sound familar
I was just called the Indiana Jones of the Internets. I love it - & I think it applies to the #glamwiki community as a whole!
glad to see we made the cut :)
"does it smell like chicken noodle soup in here...is it you?....is it her??..do you have gum...can you have gum with braces?"
No, but it could be me. It is Monday.
Omg ! Guess who I saw today after school -__-
It really is a fantastic exhibit, beautiful and ethereal. I saw it last weekend and was very impressed!
People who smile a lot may be the ones who cry alone when no one is around.
I ordered a white Simone cardigan from you and it had a stain on it! should I bring it into a store or send it back to you guys?
Outcome Learning webinar poll question asking how important to map eLearning to business goals. 88% said this is of the utmost importance!
Hm. I tried watching the new series at some point and never really got hooked.
Ah is getting punk'd next week :D
Do you love #NewOrleans? Do you love #MardiGras? Follow us today & you'll get to see some gorgeously detailed archival carnival designs
So excited for Friday and the weekend.
RT : RT : #TWITTERTHURSDAYS official ATL Twerk team at endless music.. Be there or stay square
I'm level 70 on 4th prestige. Probably not gonna go prestige any more. Maybe if they throw out a DPW I'll go prestige again.
Thank you! RT : Posted the info to the GovLoop Librarians group.
Witnessed, photographed and reported an assault today in Seattle. The guy was OK after, but pretty bloody. Wow. Hooray DSLRs
we'll be near the finish line!
Ive seen Phil Robertson preach in person before and he's one of the best preachers I've ever listened to.
Theirs a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.(:
Goodness! How despicable! That professor sounds awfully disreputable taken out of context and devoid of irony.
Academics greatly fear putting higher-education content on the web.
There's an alarm going off somewhere outside. It won't stop blaring. I think I should be allowed to go home. Can't work in these conditions.
i wish! but no he said he was gonna give me $200 on the 13th so i will do it myself! he still hasnt deactivated the other phone!
yes. Manager is in
Can you say complete jealousy!
Why oh why did I bring a candy bar as a snack? Only worse decision on a day like today would have been to bring milk.
#oscars RT : Bradley Cooper's mustache is going to haunt my dreams.
true dat RT : I do love this business. I'm not even sure I know what this business is. But I love it.
Tropicana gutts and my trunk on slam!
Obama is “seem[ing] intent on following a similar path”to Hitler and Stalin, says #Catholic Bishop Daniel Jenky, w no outcry form the
Happy Tuesday ! It's looking really nice out today
Indigo Tree Publishing proudly announces that its hit teen novel BUZZ will be released in Chinese in e-book format within the next 2 weeks!
On my way to the Fair!
I would say car bomb ninja, but that just sounds bad
no I never get that lucky I wanted 2 go 2 the radio station cause I live like 5 mins away from it but couldnt
support kill streaks are starting to make me the most pissed, emps and stealth bombers every fucking second in gw
you should def go to Disney land tomorrow(;
Getting grief over whether or not the #empanaditas I made are really considered a pie. Crust, apricot filling...pie. Happy National Pie Day
Enough drama for the day.
I want a drink :)
Our gym is within a block of a 24hour Pancake house, 24hour coffee shop, and 24hour Subway - Location, location, location
Everyone is a leader, believe it or not you are leading someone somewhere, right now.
"However, the deeper spiritual core of the ancient culture... reverence for gods and the heavens, cannot be destroyed" #ShenYun revives it.
ha! > “: It's been announced that Paul Silas won't return as Boncats coach next year...instead he'll start at Power Forward”
ugh this is why I can't wait to get direct deposit
Putting together a current events online discussion & want to connect w Raisin in the Sun -- ideas for resources? Thank you!
I got caught up.. I'll be running late.
oh, hi Monday.
Work out time....
Extra long workout as a result of dropping my keys on the trail and getting to backtrack to find them.
HATERS! Women gotta get theirs too SMH!
FOLLOW ME!
Thanks for the love!
my head hurts
NCBS (Nerds Carry Big Sacks) Clothing line. Coming out when I get my lazy self up and talk to these people, lol. Hopefully by August.
Trying to make it in this industry is a nonstop work ethic and I'm so down for the challenge!
Need any help/sponsorship for that? Wingman is like speed dating for iPhone lovers :)...
Everyone go follow please! She needs more followers! Thanks(:
Wine tasting at my clients amazing winery #Qupewinery! Great day for to taste amazing wine, minus the allergies.
welcome to Twitter ! Tony, Cincy is always proud of your accomplishments! You the man!
so I'll be in Tyson's corner for Training April 29-May 4, stayin n DC Til the 6thC u the 5th?
circle a shape ha ha
HEEY!! :)  mind following back? It would mean SO MUCH!! 
Work project postponed. You have no idea how happy I am the do jack squat this weekend.
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please,please, please, please, please, please,please,please follow me :)
Hawaii is callin my name
#hth2012 huge penetration of mobile phones in Philippines (lots of text messages exchanged)
Joe Budden on first take. Big fan.
You know you've lost it when you title a doc: "Giving Program and the CRM - a Love Story".
Yes, between coffee zone and chez monet RT : Wait? We are getting a Jimmy John's in downtown #JCMO?
Right back atcha, darlin! Just read your relocation blog post -LOVE!! I want to see you keep your blog up! We'll def KIT! :D
That train line is my least favorite thing about this neighborhood.
One of #Banzai's goals is to bring our low-calorie, healthy sushi to schools around the country in an effort to fight childhood obesity!
yes it does but isn't it true.... A man carved it on granite so close up it does. Lol.
SWAGG SWERVING is the newest and hottest DANCE www.youtube.com/soloxquzit FEEL MY SWAGGER is the single SWAGG SWERVING the dance
that's going to happen to me more than once, i know it! :)
Must be budget time. Baker & Taylor is loading like molasses.
Dude I only have at most 100. That's nuts
is anyone playing ff13 two and how is it
RT : A4: Growing trend of social cause businesses. gives 5#s of peanut butter for every t-shirt sold.
Na na na gonna have a good time hey hey hey!
Had a teacher I trained share her journey of the tornado via iMovie. Almost too much! We're all blessed to be here!
So everything the White Sox do with their bullpen this year is stupid, huh?
Thanks to all you folks who have followed us recently! We have a show coming up on the 20th at The Building in East Nashville!
One down, two to go.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
34. #Cubs 8 #Brewers 2 | Brew Crew cannot sweep / The Cubs leave town with one win. / Our cellar partners.
Did you decide on matte or gloss lamination?
#SongsICanRelateTo BTO - "Taking Care of Business"
America; I've missed you. <3
I saw a hint of noir in your tweet, Allen. Write on!
I wanna cry we had that one #game7 sounds like our bag
I want to stay up!
I think everyone should come to my birthday dinner tomorrow, that'd make me one happy girl!(:
NEED TWINS FOR YOUR NEXT FILM CONTACT US, WE LOVE WORKING.
July 30th Revolution (A Beatles Tribute group) performs at The Foellinger Theater in Ft. Wayne, IN. Show time: 8pm.
EBONY! O:<
Thanks for coming to EVV! You rock!
this game just needs to end
Thanks - did the same and never looked back after their site was flash-free and friendly. :-)
I love 's twitter picture <3
"Nothing in life is more important than the ability to communicate effectively." - Gerald R. Ford, 38th President of the United States
And what you make is fantastic!
I never like to to talk about tomorrow without acknowledging that its not gauranteed
#Portland will always win! What do you guys think? RT : "Is Portland more hipster than Seattle?"
Happy Birthday :*
I love Skillet a fucking lot.
We're at the Red State screening with Kevin Smith...good stuff
Yay, my Kroger can do it, thanks!
#arentyoutiredof not being able to get that stain out of your carpet? Call 586 663 0054 for a quote today!
PIRATES - MLB Pittsburgh Pirates checking into the DC Mayflower Hotel this evening
Congrats to and whole crew on #MiddleOfNowhere I hear you got picked up!
thanks Michael, I'm flattered!
Every visit, like or comment gets to slap our singer in the face at our next show on March 23rd. Open palm and with a wet hand of course.
Great morning celebrating #earlyed at with Barbara Bowman and Nobel Prize Winning Economist James Heckman. Very impressive!
yeah and your tweet just made me hungry ... :)
Awesome! Where about is there a good Happy Hour. Always good to know!
Retweet this for a shout out for my 2,000th tweet! Roll Tribe!
#iconfess I still dont have the new twitter
Good looking out on the #FF!
Highlands will not give up a point Saturday! Towels will throw for 5+ Td's and runs for 4 Td's Bold Prediction
That's dog food and dry cat food. I want the Fancy Feast that is in the cupboard.
sour much?
where do I sign up?
A Nightmare On Elm Street has been playing on repeat on my TV since Tuesday...
Last time I went to pick up in Hempstead I saw a papi get shot lol
no homo doe lol
really? Aw thank you so much!! :)
Gotta start getting ready for the Red Carpet. Dang it...I should've booked with # :-/
ok, inquiring minds have to know, what in the world is frito pie?
Just discovered you can email photos from your account.
And when were you planning to inform me of that? Also, I work at 6:30 Saturday morning so...
Ha, right. I figured you would have been down here from Cleveland before. Welcome back! I promise no football comments.
Cocaine-fueled memorization binges.
He's raking right now!! The Indians would rather have Johnny Damon though.
I'm on a mission
Another viewpoint RT : Let's get one thing straight: these people aren't 'protesting', they are thieving and destroying.
RIP Adam Yaunch that shit is so sad 47 is too soon for anyone, cherish your life people
while relevant, not sure "365 things to do in Seattle before you die" is the most appropriate ad on a memorial Facebook page
thanks babe
E, if it's any consolation I was very close to not meeting Patrick. I was just walking away until he appeared
PLEASE RESPOND JESS!
Just heard live on , damn you're on fire!
Happy First Day of Spring!!!
Customer, grasping antique looking, but actually not, library table: Wow, I love this table. Is it for sale? Me: No.
I bet you a nickel his campaign issues a statement late this afternoon that he regrets that the victim was upset.
I've decided thatthe only way I'm gunna order a key necklace from is if he's at bamboozle #justkidding but it would be nice
In regards to my prior tweet, everyone please follow here on Twitter or we won't bring back the Stoli Doli!!!
Thanks for spreading the word! RT will perform Cleopatra, CEO in a vacated LA corporate penthouse Feb 9,
Want more #SXSW? Check out the hashtag link and/or follow xo
Fish Fry: Keepin' it real since before you were born.
#BestLeapEver espn2 is the best leap ever, world, love the channel, watching it none stop!
Paul Pierce "Tebowing" love it! Congrats to Doc Rivers and the C's!
aww yes haha XD plan it down to the last detail lol
Sales next week for after thanksgiving sale! Stop in for some great deals!
uhmm shouldnt u be in bed!?!
We close at 3 am from Thursday to Saturday...Late Night Tortas FTW!
Happy Resurrection Sunday! - Matthew 28:6 He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
THANKS! And right back at U. Congrats on all ur success! BTW I'll be in Toronto screening a short film at June 23!
Ha...I wish too. I went up for the Vancouver Winter Games and it was a BLAST!!
I wanna go to New York tomorrow
definitely can't do it this morning!
Great team name. Cheers on the win.
Today we set up a meeting for next week with a television station. And watched lots of videos of Russian KHL hockey fights via
SNOW BALLS OF TINY HAIL IN CHICAGO TODAY
Lol your welcome, so hey!
#ReplaceBritneySongWithStarbucks because we just missed seeing having her Starbucks.
No one can put out my fire ;)
Our biggest problem: getting volunteers online
Tam you can always reach me. I have a google number now. 619-537-8812. It is a VM. Use if you can't contact me.
Only 48 hours left to get in on the ground floor and say you made it happen: www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Aqua might be my new color. Looks really good on me! :)
has a new alert coming this morning.. this is one you definitely dont wanna miss
I can't believe just mixed Warren g into this Rihanna bullshit. Get the fuck off the air
That's a lovely forecast coinciding with my little Texan's arrival in the North Country today.
#yobitv Nice - twitter search box on the YOBI Live page is back up and running. Thank you ! You da man
I am unsure if Britain loves Pavement or not from a late-night sing-along of Cut Your Hair, but here's to hoping.
it needs more Bacon! 👌
boo houses. It's all abou apartments #ManhattanForever!
Lot of tears behind my smile
that's not how you get a follow from me.
Just picked up Daughter of Smoke and Bone... oh boy, this writing is just INTOXICATING and I don't know why...
👎 about to not go to school tomorrow, again.
It's actually an invisible penis.
I would hate to look in the mirror all the time & see you.
Come down to One Up for Dance Party Monday!! Come show your skills on X-Box and Kinect. Win prizes and experience ABQ's premier night spot.
#infocampseattle Collaboration session causing flashbacks of unsnobbycoffee.com project.
No problem, we are glad to hear you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to having you back again soon Michael!
congrats! Well deserved!
when Drew Carey moving to Seattle?
i have one follower . does that make me a loser ? </3
Orange roughy can live up to 120 years. Most caught are juveniles. Give 'em a break, get something else for dinner.
Just dusted off the bike for a 14 mile ride in on the Oak Leaf. I'm hoping to find some time tomorrow to get a little further.
Thank you for helping share the message!
You're free rolling now, so super aggro it up.
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn ;)
Guest Bartending tomorrow night with !!! Come grab a drink and cure your hangover!!
still :O I would just slap her haha!! :D
love that movie
lmfao, so i'm just seeing this now... did you do that? lmfaoooo
hi mukta! changed the schedule of your radio show, you can also do it yourself on the site. thanks for the love!
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed. - Henrik Ibsen
there comes a point where u have to unwillingly blame yourself..the other person is not always the problem
thtd b cool if u lived by us! Then ud get to participate in our shananagans(:
Add sparkle to your apparel. Whether it's Custom T-Shirts, Hoodies, Polos, Long Sleeves. NYC Printing 123 is the leading printing...
lol George Idk u could rap -Big T
Hope you're right. Just having some slight Douglass / open heart surgery PTSD flashbacks.
#wewontworkoutif you aren't willing to bottom at all! A nigga needs a break from that Shit!
The test’s approval for oral fluids will provide a safe, accurate, and rapid #HIV test for persons who don’t like to have blood drawn.
I guess I'm going to take up the offer for "piano" lessons.
You got it!
This is not good. The 2 teams I root for most are playing each other in the first round. Sorry and
RT : "Rather than shrinking away from your problems, grow bigger than them." - Zig Ziglar
I'm going to leave my car in the self storage unit until i get back from LA New Years one less headache to stress me.
“: Emotional tweeters drive me nuts.”
A walk to remember? <3
plese help stop kony watch the video kony2012 he has to be captured hes taking kids and making the inti soldiers to kill
Thanks to for donating much-needed toiletries, clothing and food for our guests!
#vma what the fuck was you thinking fucking up a great song you just lost kool points. But I'm still going to but your CD lol.
JoelPett has every rt to do editorial cartoon. Free speech. Doesnt mean we have to like message. Came off as bitter, dumb. Who cares bout IU
Through July 17th mention coupon code "5forJuly" receive an additional 5% off our already low prices on solid prefinished hardwood flooring!
it's 45 degrees there....i'd have my shirt off...it's like 20 here rite now
I need someone that won't waste my time , someone I can show the world to , someone worth me bringing down the moon for. Where are you ?
Lost my Raybans, I've had those babies for 3 years and took perfect care of em. It's frustrating.
Concept mapping as a language learning activity! Denise is preparing us to work with a poem as the primary text.
Old ppl r crayyy
Congrats on the new job. This former interned learned a lot from you. Have fun working with Boyd Huppert.
Call Motivos to save your spot on the bus! Youth can come with us to WCU's 20th Annual Latino Leadership conference 4/28.
you shouldve just came to fuse today! we sneakily hung out with them from outside!
Sorry I missed this tweet!
thanks hun. How are u? Life is great : )
ORCHESTRAL MANOEUVRES IN THE DARK - Turner Hall Ballroom - Sunday, September 25 - 7PM DOORS!
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it like five or six times, you know, just to be sure...
warm vagina
You dirty is hell.
Excited about the new Reconnection app for smartphones. Launching soon!!
Going Green: Use power strips to plug in all ur office/home equipment. Today electronics draw power when off. Turn off power strip leaving.
Just because your shit got rocked, that doesn't mean you can bash on other people.
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything they just make the most of everything that comes along their way
Inkdt.com is currently under construction. We are updating our site and should be back in full force soon!
If I was the commissioner of a sports league, I'd go after the entire TEAM when guys like Torres or Metta act bush league.
Headache+stuffy nose+cough= FUCKING HELL.
Take a look at my girlfriend, she's the only I got.
Should be no. 1 or 2 off the bench, if not starting right away RT : Its feels good to wake up and be a HUSKY
Worldwide- need females for 4min self recorded ass shaking video. Pay ranges from 300 to 1,000 dollars. Get paid today via Western Union.
just tellin the truth. So r u realy moving next week?
hey Sean, what's going on down in Austin.?
RT : When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry: show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
that article is relevant because the youth complaining about the 1% buy apple products. Supporting what they hate.
I'll be honest...I just got a #diabloboner watching more Diablo I videos. C'mon May 15th!
i do. Haha
I posted two more pictures. I paid 160 at least, from what I remember. Name a price.
Whats goin on tonight? OH YEAH THE HOMERUN DERBY. Wings and bombs all night!
Merry Xmas
You are funny. I am fine.
No, I just step in dog shit and track it into your car. Happy Birthday!
thanks for RT's and favorites ;) I <3 that quote! Good morning world!
Thanks! Couldn't have said it better ourselves. Maybe mom could.
puños almost back! Looks like u gotta lot of catchin up to do. Hit me up.
ironic since Sierra Club disliked in KY almost as much as Obama. Why? coal. UK mbb players live in "coal lodge"
sry i hav an iphone so no :*
loved your article about your son.
"The Green Hornet Lantern" - A spoiled newspaper publisher finds a lantern that gives him the power to be a funny superhero ... that's green
He who laughs last thinks slowest - have a wonderful Fun filled weekend!
Try the burger at Tory Row.
Thanks to for always having "our" table for meetings!
Marlins playing like shit. 😡😡😡
I'm gonna go back to working at Twin Peaks
I like the way you worked that!
Can a man write erotica? My first synopsis came out as 'hey, she has great knockers and he likes them'. Think I stick with thriller genre.
Some people just don't get it!
“: Haha hoopin RT remember them days when me and was at them purdue camps” I swear fam
Heard ladies chatting about crackle nail polish yesterday..not sure if remembering '99's Cover Girl Crackle Lacquer makes me trendy or lame.
J and I are watching it to. :)
I wonder if any if the folks who are so sure that the Anthony broad is guilty have ever sat on a jury. Who cares?
Mui bein! :o) Busy busy today. You?
Whatever makes you happy but I would never, ever do that but I am older so thats the way I think
The Redskins. If the fans actually believe RG3 will be around more than 2 years.
is gathering at the laney college quad for come say hello! Support #highered!
dream car: a red convertable buggy.
Follow and today for real music!
My room is disastrous
sounds exciting! Will you trade potstickers for waffles??? ;-)
Eagles just tweeted that it is Cox.
ohh Im about to pass out! I am so tired :D But before I do please please please make my tomorrow morning nice follow me?? ;***
In the game of life you either win by having a loving family and good friends or by tabletopping Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Is that a good thing? Many celebrities seem to be doing so. It seems a bit too commercial.
So wasup y'all? Any one going to watch Project X tonight?
Helen standing by
Still working on a few. The majority is in.
Maybe today will be the day I finally visit Miss Ann for a Ghetto-Burger. Who's with me?
Looks like you've got all the necessary equipment. :)
it was really good right? Hats off to the Heat. They put on a GREAT show at
ur welcome bro!...if you want you can add me on facebook...Steven Evans
Hey there #OWS malcontents, please realize that "Free Palestine" is code for "Kill the Jews" Never again!
Earthquake in D.C. Wow!
Who is this D bag caller on 790 am? Smh
Yes very I cried.
We glory in your cross, O Lord, & praise & glorify your holy resurrection: for by virtue of the cross, joy has come to the whole world. ~BCP
Thank you for the follow! Lending must increase or business cannot
Im not molly lol:P
That's really a 102, esp. for an American readership, IMO.
People are acting like they're getting married. Its awkward cause what if someone else likes one of them?! you just make them feel like shit
Listening to it. So much I agree with.
point of ped #transpo data: people like being by people. Safety. Parklets. Pretty maps and places. Infrastructure targets. Nice
Good - I really like 11.04 over previous versions. I think you'll find it better too.
3 weeks at home! More time for writing projects. And preparing for my next round of travels.
I've been saying it for well over a year now, Mike "The Situation" does a lot of cocaine. He's in rehab for Cocaine. #Its a hell of a drug"
4th museum this month.. Might i be turning into an official "museum-go'er"?!
Stros game tonight with the fam
The Verge isn't loading up on my phone. This is the 3rd time it's had this issue in the past couple days.
Fill petrol at night, don't drive fast: expert 'Kuwait adopting multiple ... - Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
At oaks park on thisbeautiful day family day today :))
Immanuel won!! Round two tomorrow morning!!! GO LIONS
Rollin with and enjoying this crazy awesome fl winter weather. Ah
First time watching braveheart. Was pretty good
it wasn't that bad!!
as a rule of thumb, I don't read articles that have memes above the fold
Together website is finally coming together. Thanks to everyone involved!
BTW where is the Birthday girl? let's talk Miranda :)
Spending half an hour trying to open a can of soup
school is starting soon slight break......
#7DAYS #7DAYS I LOVE YOU #fangirling follow me :) pop
yes, but when you get into an accident it isn't bone chilling cold outside. :)
I wonder if Peyton looks at last year's Broncos film & at this year's draft & thinks: "Really?! They drafted a QB? No help 4 me. Oops."
Those were the days.
Producer Bernie Goldmann ("300") will be on the "SCRIPT READINGS: DOES THE STORY WORK?" panel on 1/30/10 at Carnegie Mellon.
Or I should say erotic writer?
no problem. And yeah ill send you the link as soon as its up!
helping my cousin move into her new apartment!(:
Thank you so much for that:)
Grab Bag Sale continues! Just realized how much great stuff we are basically giving away! Ops ;)
New twitter... follow me
All of a fucking sudden ravers wanna be hitting up Rock The Bells this year... Gtfo
i have no words to describe how fucked up this franchise is... -___-
i don't like Shoobe...
Last accounting class!
i dont think she would have enjoyed my methods and you wouldn't either. Itd be a bloody mess!
Spending this sunday with family n people that luv me n glad to be feeling better this is new for me but God has a plan have a blessed day
u have to stop posting pics like u r!! I left u a MSG on FB why...
I LOL'D! Haha And I'm guessing that someone is you! Do you like the drive thru or Just chillin inside?
honored I'm in the list with Justin!
Oh just in case you're not keeping track of the amazing writing spree: I've cranked out over 3,000 words in the last 3 days. I AM THE WOMAN!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
Hello everyone! We have 3 more months until the end of the fiscal year. Get your gifts in and support RISD students!!
JOB INTERVIEW WEDNESDAY.!!! 🙏 thank you
oh , true<3
I went green tea. I think it was a good decision
An inspiration-
<3 Mariano: "Put it down. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going down like this. God willing and given the strength, I'm coming back."
Can't wait for it to storm tonight!!☔☁⚡
Congrats Groove! RT : Congrats to won the second place for Blog & Facebook Biz Buzz awards.
Ah I'm so happy I only have 29 more days of school left till summer vacation!!!!! :)
Life in itself is INSPIRATIONAL!
Heading out for a run with and my brother, Luke! Such a perfect morning!
I loved that series #boardwalkempire #emmys.. did it win? are they going to make more?
Final 4 - OSU, TX, Kansas, Pitt
He's just chopping away
I'm surprise ain't talking shit today
I would be so thankful if responded to me on twitter (:
vinny's bmor dance video that he posted
Lol u know its true ..so does everyone else RT lOl
I had paused the game.. So I know I'm late.
lol what the? Why? Alright, loser buys fish tacos.. I think they might win next game though..
Ohmygosh the photog commentary is crazy. RT : our favorite line so far: "out of NOWHERE!"
it's in my bio “: so nobody says Mulatto? ...”
RT : #Rockies are the bee's knees.
hey Flora said call her
People are so flaky. It's annoying like you made plans with me follow thru.
Like C's dad said in A Bronx Tale, "The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
you unfollowed me.
RT : Not a single #1 in the Final Four. Don't let anyone else's ranking define who you are or what you can do.
I wish I could grow a beard.
Now understands how video goes viral
Team sign... done. Don't underestimate Michael Jackson's chili recipe. Don't stop til you get enough.
Thanks for the reply you have a good sense of humor!
Psalm 34:18... look it up
Me and eddy road have a bad relationship cuz of that intersection thing. I always end up on superior.. Except for this time
NFL draft on Thursday! Hoping the get a chance to pick UW's Jake Locker!!
That works too!
Why are window shares and blinds in the flooring dept and not in the window dept?!
Where to brand yourself: In your performances, interviews, press kit
So this #summer I'm taking over a few classes to get my #GPA higher . Need to get in a good college. :) <3
The Wynn Deal dying was rhetoric from Wynn. This was planned all along.
thanks for following us and supporting
i cant afford to go to mars lol and of all place in the univers u choose mars??? eheh
James King just mentioned As We May Think! Geek crush!
Down 5 with 5 to play. Lets go Toppers!
nice spot! “: Many more submissions today than usual! You guys must of dug through Mom's shoeboxes...”
Now that it's time for summer, spring is finally here! I love Washington!
All I wanted was a decaf soy latte this morning...grrrrrr.
good night Twittie Birds!
Heat lightening :)
Let's go Hawks!
Thank you! We LOVE seeing old pictures, if you happen to have any!
Big news coming our way... stay tuned in the next few days!
Don’t miss Pastoral’s monthly wine tasting event tomorrow at Come enjoy a free sampling of artisan wines.
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
Hahah. I got an old Ray Charles album.
i praise you.
dont be ashamed. he might be a big star one day.
lol ok ain't nun wrong with that
This music for me is ultimately about a message. I think about my songs and its relevance a decade from now,it has to be. if not,why bother?
Dyed my hair dark...Going for that Pocahontas look
I'm at your old job.
i dont know I'm watching it on Netflix
Mr. Biden is sucking a throat lozenge.
“: That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.” ya feel me?
going to write up some notes? I missed it
Boss *shows up in silver suit* "Is this the #NASA press conf?" "Yep" "F-ing right it is. Glenn in."
What can we say, we have a floor made of mattress!
Cheating is a choice, NOT a mistake!!
Sorry to offend you, saw the article and just trying to help without costing you an arm and a leg. Locally owned, in 3rd Ward.
I like Maybach music starting to like trap music a little bit more and bay music is always playin'
Ripple effect: Will clothing manufacturers make bigger pockets to accomodate tablets?
This show is coming up fast! will be performing at The Polish Club on Sunday! Tickets are only $8!
I'm sure we'll talk about our cost analysis sometime next week instead.
lol with that driver over 4000!!! But new one is under 2500 so were getting it fixed!
The girls' toy section makes me throw up a little in my mouth. Would love to design a gender neutral line of toys.
What's to eat? Here it is Spinach Quiche and a Lentil Salad with a Vinaigrette and Pine Nuts.
#20011taughtme that well idk...... 2011 was a $|-|!+ year for all or almost all of us -.-
#Team Follow Back !! Follow my Cousin Dezzie-Muslim-Swaqq
ANDY!!! I miss you:/// wahh. If you ever come back to south Florida like Miami or frt.lauderdale . Chipotle date???? <3344
: Pop is the sound of a song exploding.
Well, guess all of people's preconceived notions are incorrect. I'm not socially useless..It's a good feeling.
The pop up shop looks great!
Doesn't get much better than hot coffee and popovers.
okay, good. Cos I re-read it and still didn't see it. But I like the idea!
Basically what Literatechnia brand is trying to do…
nothing much hbu ?
Follow me? (:
hell yea...I aint 4got bout our project bro
AUSTIN, YOUR SONG IS AMAZING!
thanks for sharing, really like #10, great reminder
Office had me in tears. I'm such a sap
The more you say, the less people remember. -Francois Fenelon Nuff said. Have a great week end
I'd like to learn more about your company. I tried calling, but only got voicemail for RV. Ask for Jake at 888-BRAUSSE. Thx!
Missing my ex Miguel
#BALLS to you~!
Hi Frank! Thanks for the follow ☺
Don't fear the tentacles. Easy peasy!
What every adult child dreads...parents on FB! Facebook for Seniors workshop here at PPL today 1-4pm (call to register: 207-871-1700 x708).
I hate that you can't listen to MLB games via internet radio, but I love that the Tigers game is the free game of the day on MLB radio.
I guess the Heat decided to give Lebron's hairline a run for it's money in the "most embarrassing thing on the court" category tonight
SHRED SOME GNARRRRR
awww hi to baby!
haha I think some dude I met on twitter sent it to me? Can't remember! Saw you at IMS but you looked busy..can't wait for May!
Having NOT bought a ticket, I have the same odds of winning the lottery as those who did, statistically speaking.
Your charcoal animal drawings are incredible!! Do you have a place for them on your website? We couldn't find them!
i can't wait to just chill in my swim suit
Why can't I friken sleep ugh
Uh, "most "passes outside, that is. There is no "mist" in Austin.
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 81
oh okay :)
wants her freaking battlefield 3 copy released now !GAWD DUMMIT!
15 Critical Components of a Senior Leader in Today's Environment sharing the details now at #Strat12 - very insightful!
Badge breakdown: Red=Designers, Teal=Developers, Yellow=Program Managers and Black=Business. Go meet someone new!
Say we love jennettemccurdy forever to:
Biz Markie rocked it at the Howard Theater party last nite w Big Tigger. See Biz Markie 4 another grown&fab event tmrrw nite-Embassy Suites
Apparently shouldn't watch football with alarm on. Excessive whooping will set it off. At least I hope that is what set it off...
Eyes burning is your body's way of saying "Idiot you should go to sleep right now. No not in 5 minutes, now."
for the cold I'm getting as well
thanks for the support!
Yes, would've been good if the Prez could've evolved a day earlier :-) At least he's in time for Clooney's bash.
Headed to bed! Goodnight y'all! Hope you had a great weekend & have a wonderful week!!! (:
Ah! U shoulda said what's up!
Holy busy end of the week batman!! Cappin' it all off with my Unc's wedding on Saturday.
hells yeah! Awesomeness at it best luv!
Join us for Arts in the Park & Cosmic Carnival @ the Balloon Museum Sept 18th! FREE Admission! Live music, arts & crafts and star gazing!
hey mary, should i pass this on to lauren or leslie? not sure what this means.
He is done
Torres. Hattrick. He is back.
why wouldn't you?
#HappyMothersDay Mom. I love you so much. You're the most amazing mom a daughter could ever ask for.
It was a good predictor when I lived in NYC, too. Although I doubt y'all will have the freezing rain problems we have!
at my apt, taught by two foodie friends who lived in India last year.
When I see cupcakes and my 1st thought is heaving them at ur face, it's game on, because you've come between ME and cupcakes.
I'm coming over!!
I'm happy your car was finally found (saw it on the news)!!!!!! We were so worried and puzzled how it was stolen :-)
lmao i was thinking that too..i was odee happy when he told me he had good news i already knew it but just to be sure i asked
Is there anything that doesn't taste better with either Jameson or Cheese? That's why we're inhaling the Jameson Cheese sauce.
just had her first Twinkie in ~10 years. She said she's now good for the next 10, too.
I will be soon!
RT : of raises issue of "audio-visual" literacy -- how to "read" online video
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Melinda! Happy #GiveBIG day!
": Great chat by on sports psychology. Just having a break with the " Thanks Pete! LE
Lol I heard it boo! RT : me & 's song is on right now....
I need to get one now!
I like suffolk county. I wanna stay here, next to a beach is ideal. But I need mad space. I saw something in rocky point
You're awesome! Thanks for the #ff (and for providing more Scramble entertainment!)
Or like a waxing moon.
you need to join in Nashville!
CODY IS KING
Red Space Gallery's second opening was a magical night!
congrats to my friend who finished her first 1/2 marathon!!! Awesome lady!
Never Be The Same just started playing on my Pandora
: Prayer for a great week:; Lord please guide my feet into happiness, health & success psalm 37:23 #GodPlease"
U STAY OUT OF THIS, I TOLD YOU THAT THING BUTTER IN CONFIDENCE!
is pretty cool when she sits on her phone and is anti social.
screws up the cookies so your browser always shows a "preview" of an ebook, even when clicking from your catalog for books you own.
mom and i are watching drive and eating pb ice cream living the life or living the life?
why dude?
trust me it was lol steak hoagie n large cheese fries #all gone
From my second book ... self-published of course just for me & my wife
I just saw someone wheeling around Spuds Mckenzie in a baby carriage. Totally creeped me out.
:) the best type of awkward
lol I often sing that in my head on my way to work
Hmm, wonder if #Romney might run as a 3rd party candidate.
sweet! hope you can make it out on Saturday!
We are entering the homestretch before Derby!! Get your Sterling Silver Mint Julep Cups at Gumer & Company!
Dream BIGGER...it can happen for you.
Do about what?
sweet tv spot... Willie Nelson's vocals on the Scientist -
Lol this made me laugh for some reason
Just found out that Leslie has never seen the double rainbow video.
SHIFT 7: FREE CUPCAKES from , FREE BEER from w/ own mug. RSVP is.gd/veA0np
very cool! Indy is my home town...hope to get back this fall for CD release party at the Jazz Kitchen!
In #SocialMedia, timeframes for editorial calendars are shrunk from months or weeks to DAYS. Plan posts for each day of week!
*cries* RT : Once they traded him away the Lakers hopes at another ring walked out with him
We want Tacos!
Thanks!! Hope you're still thinking of coming to Philly!
The X-Files: Songs in the Key of X :)
should i retwist now or wait til tomorrow? that is the question
thanks! abt. 90% of the movies I watch now are Indian, several languages. been watching for years now. :D
Fire in fitchburg. 18 people displaced on guilford road after fire breaks out at 1:15 am. No injuries. Fire originated in basement...
Yes we do.. Sorry for the late reply, grab our email or phone number from our site for a quicker reply.
morning writing is the only writing that gets where it's meant to go
Q3) Learning is not all fun and games
I think exams start tomorrow... I don't even know which exam it is!!
Have you heard from Sara in Philly?? She has been on my mind and I can't find her on my fb anymore.
now you can have your mobile payments AND eat your too!
hmu one you get it
Who would you have thunk?
#DoubleRainbow RT : Thanks to the The New Mexico Fan Page for sharing Red River's photo and the great sentiment that goes...
Headed to ebspca to donate blankets and towels, must put up blinders so I don't come home with a new furry friend.
Becketts 32nd birthday today. Ironic that he's on the mound in what could be a memorable day for various reasons?
Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores keep millions and millions and millions and millions of pounds out of the landfill each year?
GREAT job guys!
Don't expect many updates from the game. Data usage is too high here in canada (america's hat). Many stories, pictures and love to follow
getting readt to party it up major pool party!!!! And amazing HOT guys with thier shirts off oh baby ;) lol
Take flight...Young Mike
Aw man, I'm working that night. Is there any other time that might work for you?
Eric and I saw a Brave teaser on TV this morning while eating breakfast. It made us smile. So proud of you!
You always find a way to ruin things
#OccupyNashville Cops filming the faces of gathering crowd of bystanders. Awesome.
... and then to turn them it into book ends
We're not suppose to settle for mediocre feats but Hunger and thirst for righteousness!!
Nothing is ill said if it is not ill taken.
RT : 1.Band of Heathens, 2. Lera Lynn Their back to back performance on are just two reasons why my job is awesome!
what's good bruh ?
If u wanna get an early start tomorrow hit me up... Drinks on drinks on drinks
Man I Love Popcorn:))so yummy</3
The Discipline Review Committee recommended that the university change its standard of proof to "clear and convincing evidence" today.
How do adults learn?? Find out in the Post-Conventional Learning Leader workshop now at #CLOsym with Bellevue University
Good evening everyone. How is everybody doing tonight?
Looks like you lead a totally fabulous life!
Me too RT": Im fuking sick"
*high five*
Thought I was done shopping but being a good sis and helping my younger brother!
The real upset tonight is that the Twins actually won a game.
Hey Hey Hey! Fall Retreat money is due Thursday at the latest! Only $70! Scholarships available!
if jordan shaved his head, i think id scream so loud thatd he even hear it
New Reports are sending us info #UFC & #Utlimate winner was busted w a DUI
We are right here!! (: How have you been??!!
I have a pimple that's rooted so deep that it's making me relive my most traumatic Jr. High moments and all I can hear is the Gin Blossoms.
Ariana Grande is our angel that wears red lipstick and a flawless face❤
Giants sign Eli Manning to new 97.5 million dollar deal. Eli now has the highest average annual salary in the NFL
Show on the 10th at Brooks Landing starts @ 7 and goes til midnight. The line up of performers is like a who's who in ROC entertainment !!!!
realization is a wonderful thing, but figuring out how to make change is hard.
Further proof we're living in a strange and wonderful age: the underdog is the world's largest company. Let that sink in for a bit.
On a one Kane dirt road in the middle of nowhere.
it's ok u just seemed a little irritated
Let's make this last forever and ever and ever.
One thing I can state up front is that I share Mach1's desire to get out of the current mold of beats and find something fresh.
where did go?!?
skype? To much to type xD
What will each candidate do to help small businesses obtain desperately needed capital? Will they direct increased $ for loans?
Haha! It's perfect for a Friday, controversy!
RT : the conference sets itself up to be made fun of. /u making fun of Champions really just shows that u r a sore loser.
is cold
Game gone pop tonight cant wait come n watch us play palo
Thanks for the follow , , , and
Your headshot is only a calling card. You're likability and talent will get you called back.
well thats good for her :)
Chevy commercial sucks just like their cars
that's true xD but maybe, thats probably why though.
Sorry. I'm speaking at a business mtg in Woodland Park
thank you! Its hardcopy for now, but may include digital too.
Eating. Then going to watch Bad Teacher. (:
I actually like the new website update.
hahaha heat haven't even played well and they are dominating right now...
#ihate guys thats y im single
I'm in 💘 with life❕
At the lecture at , "On the Ideal of Independence."
Did we pick tonight CMA winners or what!!!!! Congrats everyone..c ya @ the after parties!!!
To be all broken up and delirious.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!!!! hope you have a great one(: Let's finish this year with a smile(:
Happy Friday! Here's to no cracked eggs this weekend! Rise+Design every day. Like a boss!
Tomorrow $3 Lin & Juice (sponsored by ) during #NYKnicks vs Kings game Pre-Dre Day celebration!
anywhere there is open space, there will be opportunities for ad sales...effectiveness of those ads? Extremely low.
Sending supplies your way! Best pens in the neighborhood, we think. :)
Right now watching a replay of MTV Movie Awards which I missed earlier. :)
I really hope ppl stick up for me as much as I do for them
awesome!!! I love good news.
great day except for that &^%$( parking ticket. Grr.
Love it. RT We have a guest star visitor who is 2 years old and she just declared the messenger with a bandana a "pirate".
“: Sum females think juz bc dey got a P**** dey kan tell a man wat ta do!!!! #GTFOH”
lol I've been busy, but I definetly hit u up this week... And I wasn't coverin anything up lol
On the bright side, I'm still better than you.
A million things stand in the way of me and 7:30
"Green Jobs" -- Like green fruit, not good for much and if you ingest them they can make you sick.
RT : In #pdx. Waiting for a plane.An automatic pancake machine is turning out hot flapjakes, shaped like Jake Gyllenhaal.So hot
dude is most definitely a lady
I heard neck tattoos are gonna be very in this year
You won't see a better middle-linebacking performance ever. Don McCafferty, former Colts Coach
The only place I want to be right now is sitting in the open-roofed Miller Park watching the #Brewers. Alas, I'm in a dorm room studying.
He said wsssp , & we watchnn Diary of a Wimpy kid
Watching tv with lori
Thanks for rt-ing this Paul. I'm getting one made. It;s such a simple, cool idea.
- Thank you. Hey, we have to meet soon to talk. I was just talking about you and network with Cheni of Sunshine Bronx.
Happy National Procrastination Week! Now or later? Later. (thanks )
just wait and see what I gotz on SBK.
okay. Just wanted to make sure it made it in good order.
Watching Iron Man 2 isn't like having to eat brocolli or something else nasty. Its a fun movie.
hello there fabulous!
LOVE sound designer John Zalewski. We've been trying to work with him, but he's never available. We totally understand why.
Mumbling is just another word for people who try to say I love you
What is your favorite music genre?
better be lol
Jam's lead has been cut to 10 points by the 66ers.. 74-64 with 4:08 left in the third period
let me taste that cake
morning tweeters now its time 2 start the reefer comsumption
Remember, QPR needs to win and Bolton/Team playing Villa need to score +15 goals. Send Villa down!
almost cocktail time? ha, in my timezone- but yours? ;)
Today on the World Grooves show, actor Martin William Harris plays Polish pop music from #AyaRL, #LadyPank, #Kombi, #Bajm, #Piersi,
shit I bet hey are you following John kuan
I would never make fun of synchro, I almost drowned once too!
The step costs of a business are unique because they stay the same for a certain amount of activity.
will do!
I still have never been to NYC before
I hate being a girl sometimes -_-
yeah ik i will slap you at school!!-:) unicorn
For this, I can only smile.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were. - Cherie Carter-Scott
Good morning ACC! Happy Monday! Remember to get to school on time!
Can honestly say I haven't been this bored in quite a while
u got drank?
Sex is great but making love to that special someone is priceless!
May 20, 2-4 pm, Alexandria Symphony Orchestra presents Children’s Arts Festival, “Cosmic Quest,” at T.C. Williams.
YoUDee is representing us again TONIGHT at the 2012 College Mascot National Championship. Good Luck and have fun YoUDee!
How do you hit on a girl in the weight room without looking like a tool?
oh shut up neil u dont know what your talking about
Life is full of ups & downs. I try to handle them all. Today I tackle my ups & downs with weights on the workout bench & against the wall.
Thanks! Photo by (the Twitterless) Ed Homich.
ahaha, thank you, but you're the cute one here..
Just filmed a scene for our new music video outside and it's freezing!! But drumming warms me up! Having a blast :) -Marisa
I have rediscovered the simple & relatively guiltless pleasure of making Jello for dessert. I recommend trying Blackberry Fusion!
Maybe readers won't be so distrustful of science if they come away from a story feeling smarter. Mark Johnson
Hi all my new followers!!! Thank you!!
Agree heartily w/Lindner selection. Bad Plus, too. The South Trio is very similar to BBNG.
we out here you know.
Man, it is REALLY hard to chug coffee.
Matty disappeared, i wonder where he's at ;)
sounds good. Ill be staying downtown. Try and get my digits from ptrick
thanks everyone for the support! Tomorrow Brno, Prague. Hope to see you there!
I did pussy ;(
Things are always different here. Winter storms are worse (though they aren't) bcse of ice; earthquakes because bldgs are weak
There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.
Still here. Just finishing my last year of high school. What you been up to?
then next week its night shift again. I am watching news. How about you Ricky? I miss Greg :)
I hope knows how much I love her. I'll be here. Always. Can't even imagine what she's going through but she's strong.
meaning that the inn at ccn is full of the mothers hitting on younger guys. Lol
Oh wow, what part?
Once a director changed the entire staging for the final scene for me after intermission of opening night.
Grace happens in spite of something; it happens in spite of separateness and alienation
Seattleites, whats your favorite thing to do in the winter?
The quality of top-talent centers in the 70s and 90s isn't even close, which is why I can objectively say so.
": Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago. #FullForce" lol..might hit
At least my oakleys were made in the u.s...
Been writing a software user manual all morning. What did I miss?
Working through Rodney King's "The Riot Within" for a #BookReview for the published by
How many folks do you know who work for Amazon S3? :P
P.S......bring granny with you LOL
Watch your thoughts, words and actions...They become your destiny. - Lao Tzu
got me tripping
Is gonna be really happy if his hubby didn't get in trouble. Cause I kinda need him. =D
is there openings for vendors? I own a vintage tshirt company
Wisconsin quarterback presents new challenges for Penn State Penn State has seen some quarterbacks this season who dented its defense wit
About firing him? That's absurd.
My freckles are my friends! Can you say that about your poop?
awesome! Let me know when/where you will be in next. I would like to meet you face to face some time.
the heinous groups you named dont act peacefully though. ive seen the article about portugal quite a good argument for legalization
Famous persons whose skulls or pieces of are missing include: Geronimo JFK Hitler and Panco Villa
About to read the first book of Hunger Games yaaay is it any good ?
thinking about the possibility of making a REAL DEAL non-profit at some point. would we have to change the name to get grants!?
T-PAIN? Thats great news! Let's talk soon about visuals and next video shoot. Whats deadline for T-Pain?
Just knowing isn't enough. You need to understand
Committing to some New Year's resolutions starting today! What's on your resolution list?
Reading on the Rise is great--I like to call it, "How Harry Potter (Really) Saved the World."
well sit a row in front of us
Search "Trayvon Portland" on Twitter. Lots of great discussion and analysis. Glad Portland is showing solidarity.
Just chatted with a mother and her son in N Seattle, they just got into transitional housing!
@ the Library: its dead here, which is nice because it means I get to work on my flyer on teen books being made into movies.
It's Commencement Week at ! Today begins the set-up of chairs in the quad - 8,000 of them!
Thoroughly enjoying research tools on my
When you have more fouls than points, you know it's been a tough night.
"Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.” (Luke 20:25) Happy US Tax Day everyone! ;-)
dead is still dead. The world (and YOU) have a biased disgusting double standard. You are ok with murdering innocents - shameonu
business opportunities popping up all over the place. sure wish I had finished college and finished that business degree. ugh..
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event indy bring inspiratn hope financial support families affected cancer
Merry Christmas!
Tu Holloway's got nothing on
see haha ! Happiness! (:
RT: : Love is not who you can see yourself with. It's who you can't see yourself without. <3 :)ILYShawty<3
Happy Monday! Our post-St. Patty's Day party tip: #temporarytattoos can be removed with baby oil, rubbing alcohol, or transparent tape!
I want to go to benihana who coming with me?
Amen! Still in Scotland? Still loving it?
Taking it back, moving forward- placing cue stickers on my vinyl records for live looping. New setup w/ AudioMulch
I am cool now!
You'd think after your millionth speeding ticket, you would stop speeding.
Just completed the outline to my second book...time to get the first one published!
There are a lot of sweet swings in Chicago this time of year, but only has THE SWEETEST SWING IN BASEBALL. Closing weekend!
#PMATip: U can get a head start on having a great #PMA day 2moro BY -- preparing 4 2moro RIGHT NOW! Think it. Plan it. Make it happen!
Damn I love me some
Probably Dexter or The Walking Dead
I include the hashtag #truth in my tweets, does that mean they're automatically factually correct?
.Tweetdom Oh Tweetdom! Ive been away too long. Grabbing quick moments to comment occasionally is just not enough! Happy to see you Roll By
deal with it.
“If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals.”
I use photoshop for all my photo work. I know it's expensive but it's well worth it, esp if you get whole creative suite.
Thank you for the follow! I actually used to live in London, Ont when I was little! I heart Canadians! :)
4 Days until #atxunscripted arrives in #Austin. So much to do before then. eek!
joe momma?
#becauseofBYE i had the best night of my life.
RT You releasing any acapellas from church clothes?
Starting the Special K diet on Wednesday! Trying to go from 123 to 115! I love food too much so I'll need y'all to wish me luck!
Planning my next month of travel. Where should I go? Thinking of a genealogy trip to the UK...
PLEASE do the right thing to keep in business and doing great things for tourism in SD! You have the power, sir!!
I got to talk to today :D DAY MADE. Take that :P
im so freakin excited for those thunderstorms!!!! OHH YEAH THUNDERSTORMS YEAH!!!
Some opportunities you wait for and some opportunities you create.
So ready although this is the first video that is really un-scripted or planned. OEM Storage..GO :)
I want a hot dog costume
I know everyone goes out on Saturday nights, but those are my nights to stay in and chill.
I wish I was asleep still...
Today was a really fun day! Congrats to my brother for graduating college!!!! :D
Some day I want to own my own business and sell BUTT SCRATCHES. I will be rich
Ah yeah!
I have friends that use "me" for that.
" Destiny is all about the choices we make and the chances we take."
No. I just, no. I never watched it when I was little, but I still don't think I would've fallen for it. Haha
Yay! : We'll have a lot going on at the market this Sunday! Stay tuned.
Dmac any word where little mchoody is going(Ben mcHoody)
why does Butler schedule none Exibition games vs against schools who are not Division 1 schools?
OK I CAN USE ABOUT TEN PERCENT OF THESE CRACKS. HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
haha. Yeah its so good!
Hahaha. I just did! I want you to follow me back though!(: Pleasee. I love the country and I try and follow all country peps
Free ice cream at friendly's till 5 today! Two huge scoops :)
Earn 4 times as much as you're making now with Dr. Wiggy's hair extensions! We train & supply! www.drwiggys.com or email
Boss lady caught me crying, & then gave me awesome news that turned into an awkward laugh cry. Moral of the story - Vegas twice in 3 months.
I'm glad I'm not the only one suffering from boredom at work. RT : What on earth am I gonna do with myself?
Y'all look so hot after that shoot out scene
yeah, it's pretty much browse-only. I like that it implies mess and rummaging can be interesting/rewarding though.
When you've been forced to grow up fast at a young age. All that small shit seems worthless....
Just impressed myself today, 3 miles!! Wooohooo
Hotel &amp; Lodging Stock Outlook - May 2012 - Industry Outlook
Butter is purring while she's biting me... seems kind of demented.
Doh! Sending password to myself (yes, in the clear) and accidentally cc'd . I'm classy like that.
Looking forward to playing at Birdland Jazz Club March 27 though 31 with
Thanks for the follow. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff.
Im on boss...just sent u a request
Barely Legal - likely to be more fluff than substance - is it mediation? Barely Likely - It is good to see mediation become popular though!
Fine, I've perfected my pre-fast protocol of Gatorade-G chased by an equal amount of H2O. Woke up just in time. BH
HEY BIEBER HOW U BEEN HOW WAS IT FOR U IN 8TH GRADE TOMMARO IS FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL AND AM GOING TO BE IN 8TH GRADE WAS IT HARD
i'm done playing the games you have me playing.. i see the game and i will beat it... im ahead of you. i will over come
I have all faith in Heckert and MH but cmon he probably would of been there at 37.. Cleveland is desperate for WR and RT smh
Oh good grief...
Great discussion on procrastination. I find it comes from feeling I won't do things perfectly - so I never start!
really? I don't believe that! :D There must be someone close to you! We're never alone - there's always a friend for you!
be sure to check out the GEB reading group happening on reddit - reddit.com/r/geb
Mustang sally
So I got my hair cut yesterday and it ended up being shorter than I anticipated...
be nice, Jay Z trying too bad he hane no talent, he have to steal
Reign supreme punches right In the balls
yumm!! Yes, it sure is!! RT Today is definitely a grilled cheese and soup kind of lunch day.
It's fine by me, if you never leave (;
I really wanna go to Los Angeles..!
good luck Liam!!! You deserve it more than anything:)
Follow back ? Please & thank you (:
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Enjoy it with your families and God bless all.
okay at least someone loved me
You're Invited to a Charity Trunk Show at The Hamilton hosted by BVEN Boutique. Mark your calendars! March 9th. FREE ADMISSION...
What would you do if you won the $54 million Mega Millions lottery?
omg that's cool!!! Were almost soulmates lol
You are very welcome.
C-A-T-S Cats Cats Cats!! Come and be a part of The Big Blue Nation..
no I never will. No way.
Our thoughts are with the families impacted by the DFW tornadoes.
Tom - last 23 GAMES vs unc and not "years?" Gotta be.
Ps...had an amazing show tonight! Will post video tomorrow.
No more breakfast with 😥😢
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook
We are all like the bright moon, we still have our darker side.
“: Lil B calls out hiphop artists who claim not to be role models”
Belated thanks for the #FF mention. Hope the #CitrusParty clean up went well and you scored some leftover deliciousness :)
follow me please...i'm new in twitter,,,, :(
RT : Cannot thank you enough for joining us at #BarCampTampa! Thank you for supporting our community!
So Apparently We Wont Work If iDont Smoke With You Once . So That Means We Not Workin Right now Huh ?
following u brother
Independent sales professionals needed for merchant services brokerage. email resume to
Gonna eat some rock music with Left and Right at D.C.s Velvet Lounge tonight. Come share pastries with us
you need to cheer up haha
I swore I would never smoke
you're going to live them!!
And I smiled, and I was happy, and it did get worse
Sad, but true.
Cool concept! happy to connect!
(cont) lanterns, Monkey's fighting over wii, Ramen noodle baths, jacked geishas in ponchos, crazy commercials in slow motion
Ride on mayne! is like a brother to me!
Heading over to Pinterest for a good make-up dinner recipe. I might even make a light dessert.
do the 'Skins know what they are doing? trade the future away and franchise a player who was suspended 4games.
how did you do against them?
- Well now thats just silly
I've decided that I will not drink my 2008 Dogfish Head Fort until I complete beer school. What a delicious thing to look forward to!
lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall??
Hurrah for the French - The Artist best film and best actor John Dujardin.
exactly why #entrepreneurs need to be punished for wealth and job creation to sate the mob?
Fantastic! Congratulations!
calling me ugly, doesn't make you prettier, sorry :)
Wednesdays are mine and my dads favorite day of the week. Two-fers at sweet sensations.
"I ate too many gummy bears, determining if flavour and color corresponded ..." ~ The tween-age Samuel Beckett
I walked into the bathroom and someone screamed "ow my leggings are hurting my butt!" #awkward?
I don't only listen to rap, hip hop & slow jams
tiring just watching the okc/memphis game
Aww, I do know; Megasin. But I'm sure you got an answer by now.
at 3pm, ABC news will air part of Obama's Evolution. At 3:30, we will probably see Romney mired in Intelligent Design.
yanno how I do ;)
good night everyone. i feel like i'm going to get sick.
#retweet if u ever tripped over ur feet & tried to play it off with a light jog. . .
ahh we're twins!! We have the same name! (: lol
sometimes i seriously think that you were dropped on the head as a baby & it worries me. like idgaf if i get hate for this but fuck you.
Thank you fabulous! I will be in contact soon!
Let's Keep It Going
I would've remembered heffa! when did this happen!
Come out & see Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
Man I did it big for Wifey 2day..Dinner Flowers delivered to the house then a drive around town..Oh Boo..Im the shit!!!
thanks buddy. Good luck this season. Miss you
Join us for worship at 8:00. It will be transforming. The message is "Dissed in Death."
Coffee House Press loves Open Field
Cliches are bullshit. Culture is your operating system. Evolve your internal dialogue. Those old sayings don't mean a damn thing.
The Ring Pop commercial is so
": cost of 30 days for hospital discharge summaries - 2 million Medicare nursing home pts rehospitalized - $17 bill year
media loves to hate the Bills. You support a team thick and thin.
There is a bug in the device detection. I see the mobile tweet on my desktop.
I will vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC. Let’s return prosperity to NC!
or wearing a speedo in 55 degree weather.
I would like a follow back. I would be able to cross off "friends with snoop" from my bucket list.
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
Want to ruin your Saturday with daytime drinks? Baranof at noon!
i swear MSM got an uncanny talent for finding the most random fools to put up there as authoritative when it comes to us...
To be in the spotlight with a song that everybody knows is a spiritual thing
change what u can...
bbtw amazing beautiful blue in ur living room
o boy o boy o boy #TeamPat vs #TeamGriner!
Thanks. Looking forward to talk to you soon.
Spurs/Clippers game boring.... Changing my channel don't wanna watch Blake Griffin dunk all nite
lol -- just mean RT Tsonga needs a coach. Based that match, appointing Bellucci or Andreev would be an improvement on situation
Dean "you're nuts!" RT Dean Kamen- his talk was truly inspiring- he is an American Treasure!
why hello twitter, welcome back into my world
I'm so glad I got home when I did tonight.
S/O to the five people that Retweeted That OKC! Tweet I Made!!!!!(:
The boys' first American concert was in Chicago and now their first American book signing is in Chicago. CHICAGO IS SPECIAL, OK.
So true! RT : Taking time off from work!
Fee of Women in Military Service for America: self marginalization is an issue. Women need to understand every story is impt
thanks for the goodbye hug! It's been an intense three years and I was glad we went out singing.
Free shipping on all pressure washers is our newest offer for you! Go there and check it: www.pressurewashersarea.com
carillons soccer game :(
crossing my fingers for you.
When that someone tells you they like you from out of no where 💜
Don't ever let fear keep you from taking small steps in your development, you never know where they might lead you. JCM
or is that media drinking?
#CoSign RT : Harolds and Head: 2 things I am never not in the mood for.
well played sir
You mean Mike Smith, why did I back that fool? RT : Atlanta sucks.
I hope! haha thanks! :)
Support your local musicians!
Done!! ": Good morning, #Ward5! A rainy day is still a great day to get out and vote for ! #Ward5se"
Great minds think alike. You and me and Prodigy and Mike Tyson. We should all go get brunch.
cant be put into words. Lasting memory of this visit is the video interviews at end of survivors
take care of it bro we need you
sometimes i think too much
Actually a 3rd book in series after "Doomsday Book" & "To Say Nothing of the Dog" which are good.Haven't read Blackout yet.
Souvenir is amazing, Bought it!
honest John.
That liner by Ramirez gets caught if the Brewers are wearing their blue softball tops. Not kidding.
Fuckin' damn it! >:( It's all good, they got it next game.
And afterall, you're my wonderwall.
Thanks Arlington for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
i really liked the interwebs a lot more before *everyone* became an internet marketer.
Getting new exhaust! 3r racing special
hot coffee, cold coffee, slushy coffee , ice cream coffee, coffee candle, coffee perfume, coffee lip chap
#WhenSummerGetHere we will continue to lounge in the sun like we have been doing all year round
Listening to the new album by ! Sounds fabulous and proud to have been a kickstarter supporter!
School for the first time since last thursday.
I apologize, but none of your orifices are safe right now.
Check out the faggot in the skin tight shirt.
"C'mon people now, Smile on your brother Ev'rybody get together Try and love one another right now", by The Youngbloods
they remind me of the heat last year. A lot of hype they need to time to adjust and to gel. So many new variables/ballpark
Movies with Thomas later :)
Hey if yu wanna job at walmart better apply while they're hiring before its too late..just sayn
No solo</3
My blog I just tweeted a link to has the complete press release of details
Gotta see when youre down there ": #SXSW here I come!"
Enjoying the beautiful Port St. Lucie breeze at Jennifer Breeze's place. Ah.
I like to call #2BrokeGirls, Two and a Half Bitches. To me Han is kind of a little bitch most of the time.
LoL! i know you well!
Grammy beauty winners so far: John Legend's fiancé's major pony, the nude lips + defined eyes combos and Jessie J's insane metallic dress.
Let's talk about San Diego city government! What is working? What needs to be improved?
I don't hear anything yet....#Occupy Coalition in #Milwaukee is now mobilizing for a "Take Back City Hall" and should be arriving shortly
How are you gonna tell me
On the roof of Euler!
sounds lovely...everything except the snowflakes part! lol
Perfect and awesome. Now, will see HL every time I watch that Volkswagon commercial. : )
so desperate for the sun.''
Why not a poetry contest? Or a pie-eating contest? No, it's always a fight to the death.
Reason I need an ipad: been using 2 macbook pro computers to review grant applications all day. 1for reading &1 for note taking.
Can't believe Chicago wasn't selected as a home for one of the retiring space shuttles! We had an anthem all ready for it!
#TheAvengers is pure joy. Now I'm going to eat some shawarma.
I have just completed the final paper of my final DMin class-sort of melancholy after many years of school-thank God for all His help!
Jail.. That's kinda a huge deal..
That just made my night :)
I can't handle much more.
I am actually doubtful that dark knight can beat it..
#OnlyCoralReefKids would not wear uniform tomorrow cause of some last second email
Joshua kept calling the Patriots the "Pastries" ... I think I finally got him straight ...
austin how are you today? :D
Guys, it has been an absolute pleasure working with you all this season. Thank you for everything.
yea i changed..... i got to the money yal stayed broke
Ive been tearing up the whole day thinking about my seniors and how they all getting ready for prom :'/
I dnt trust anyone
lol oh yu got jokes now
you deserve it! The office is full of secret santas! :)
I'm feeling Iowa state will have a chance to win this game, whether they capitalize on it or not will be the question
so jealous! That's awesome!!!! Purr... ;)
Galaxy excited to finally get their man in Ireland's Keane
Segmentation of an existing list is actually easier with MailChimp; ok on Aweber if you are importing names.
I do, too!
Looking for a student or a parent who takes online classes to interview. If you can help, please email
is now sold at the Sacred Wheel Cheese and Specialty Market in North Oakland 4935 Shattuck Ave. Give THanks!
Hey i'm back from the movie haha was a nice movie :)
#1 in the 'hood G!
Happy Monday everyone. Still tired from 4 photo shoot yesterday but still going.
yea it does! Super boring!
Thank You!!!!
If you haven't had brunch plans yet with for Mother's Day, make them now! We also have some bouquets available for just $18.
Thanks to the staff at #AmericanAirlines for having NO CLUE about ANYTHING. "We know why you fly": only because trains are stupid.
do they need company? I'll bring my own pipe, even!
ME TOO!!!! LOVE THE VOICE
Haha, as you should. Ozzie cracks me up. RT next time I mess up I'm going to use that line
Have a Happy Easter Kendra! :)
So, I guess I should start soliciting movie/book suggestions for my "vacation." I will have to think of it as an *intellectual* vacation!
Another day of fielding questions and fueling speculation...oh joy! Excited for the opportunity that is presenting itself either way.
Nice article on First Monday!
3 more nights till and take over the airwaves on xxo
I think my Twitter finally switched over. Looks different with things on the left vs the right. I liked the right side!
Just finished my last session fir the mixtape
A couple more minutes >_<
People with anything other than their actual middle name for a middle name on Facebook.
Joint resolution on local aid would help city in planning
refrain from smashing speakers or jumping out a window.
Don't miss our show Feb 17th @ 9
I would do that in a heartbeat
my daughter videl watch it
Casting… Always so time consuming. Looking for a curvy, classy, sophisticated face for an upcoming shoot. Referrals?
I hope everyone has a great day...let's all make someone smile today...ROFL is good too! lol
Rules: & I will moderate, jump in when you're ready, refer to the question in your answer (is Q1, A1), tag with
being blind causes me to rely on some people more than i would like to but got to keep the faith, didnt achieve somethings i wanted this ...
Eva Angelina or the woman in my building apt 1901 your choice.
Just found out that my neighborhood will be the first to evacuate in Manhattan - Battery Park (Tribeca)-we'll know tomorrow
any guesses on how many times you'll do the homerun slide today? Our guess is twice :) Go
Yeah! You must have missed it when we shouted about it...a lot! :) Cool, huh?!
"No but I think jenga is a game" forgot how awesome #archer is
- the cake mix I just decided to eat>>>>> uggh my stomache !
ON MY WAY TO Jacksonville !!!!! ergh
banana pancakes.
Thanks Peter! RT : Excited about ! If you're not following, be sure you do. Great announcements almost daily!
Small business in Albuquerque is getting a boost at the South Valley Economic Development Center and their Open House today - 2-5pm
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
Lol. I'd rather sit back and enjoy watching it. RT : How about being a coach? I would love to be a coordinator
Headed to the Southside
well charge your phone... and call me.
#NeverShouldYouEver say SWAG...unless you mean it haha
1D may be a hot new band,but i will NEVER stop beeing a true ICONiac . i will alwayz love the ICONic Boyz,nothing will ever come in my way .
HAHA looks like him, too!
*hearts and hugs* to help you get through the weekend.
The Only party after the party
Eh I don't really know haha no reason I guess
WHAT WAS THAT?! Major flash and kabooooom! in Northgate. Did lightening strike right here?
HI Lauren! How are you? I just need to know your dog's name for the dog tag which you are picking up on Saturday. Thanks!
i still luv u
Getting ready to watch USA play Brazil in FIFA Confederations Cup. Go USA!
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.
About to head over to see the new "The Face of the Ghetto" exhibit at the UN. Pls tweet if you'll be there!
Woke up this AM realizing how blessed I am. I mean, you should really wake up like that every day, just some days it's more obvious :)
Thanks Matt!
Um forget my last tweet please !! The TNA tag team match last night sucked !!
PA people: vote today!
This Is Just Crazy..! Im Mad I..Punched A hole In My Wall,Screamed At My Cat, And Screamed At The Neighborhood :(
. You can see it in his face he's scared of Pac taking away that perfect record.
Don't forget to come listen in on the #teaparty members at 5pm at the civic center
I agree. Props for showing the deal #EPT2012 Transparency FTW
What's the total no. downloads thus far? Usability testing/evaluative studies being conducting in conjunction with the app?
These are our new table tops!!!!!! Do you like them??? Give us feedback..
Topic for today's lecture: "The Supply Side: Theoretical Considerations [Necessity is the mother of invention]". And no, , in MGH.
I just want to thank "s ancestors for creating Yamatos.
well - I look forward to reading your tweets & getting to know you - I need more guys my age in my life! ;)
Jersey Mikes Subs for lunch <3 bringin back the old memories <3
That's probably best.
Time to scramble some eggs n fry some bacon unless i find that bunny
#AskAlexConstancio why haven't you followed me yet..?? ;)
Getting ready for NY! Packed couple of days! Talking #Madden13 with the press, cover reveal, and the NFL Draft!
the say 'people lear from mistakes' soo put my in as the mistake :)
Have you followed us back yet? We do pizza giveaways all the time, but only for our followers :-)
Yep. I don't like a lot of the decisions I made either. A lot of them were out of weakness, especially toward the end. It happens.
Switzerland, the land that time begot
"Maybe I have it & I don't know." -owner of a store when asked about tums #miscommunication. What do u have/don't & don't know it?
#seattle #longboard #longboarding #LBLD the best weekend ever for INTERNATIONAL LONGBOARDING DAY ON THE 12th !!! What did you do?
I cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food. ~ W.C. Fields
Digital resources placed on reserve for teachers,students& classroom. Curricular support. 'req. Reading' per
I dont need to know you care
however, Michael, the Steelers are also in the clubhouse with 6 Lombardis...
im not over the whole greg thing! ah >.<
why has the ACC gotten snubbed by NCAA lately? Marginal Big 10 and Big East have gotten the love but not ACC.
Tried on a lotion that smells horrible!!
Yay Brian! RT : Brian Markinson '83 appeared on AMC's The Killing Sunday night. It repeats during the week.
Perspectives IIT Math-Science School. Problem how to infuse arts in the school.
World Cup fact of day: More children in USA play soccer(football) than any other sport - my bet US will win 1 of next 4 WldCups looks good!
anyone wanna text?
That was indeed the plan. Or make a graph that spells it out in nifty diagrams.
Absolutely. I had a tasting at a wine event & ordered a bottle. Also getting Cab Franc I haven't tried. Let u know
He makes me smile :) <3
Need a nutrition plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
ugh tell me about it : /
we need to catch up sometime
please call the hospital I'm in and tell them I need my bravo or let me out of here by Sunday 9pm. Heart trouble
Movie night with the girls ;)
Feeling the love from Hollywood! FF back to , the keepers of the good weather.
if i'm living her situation, i'm probably just gonna BE QUIET!!
“: How am I supposed to know that? Because I've been telling you every day for 8 weeks” blitz pulling the #immacatcard again?
“: I know that was the best ever ! I have it to Jeff! For his kid!” that's awesome
SEX SHOULD BE LIKE LOVE BE CAREFUL WHO U GIVE IT TEW KUZ YU MIGHT END UP REGRETTING IT
wonder how my buddy been doing,haven't seen her awesome tweets lately
it looks great and real clean! good job!
those are all my favorites too!!
We are challenging everyone to call in from 1-2pm for our TCC Twitter POWER HOUR with a $25 donation at 720-855-3247!!
you know that dude ryan jamies ex bf on 16 and pregant that boy is straight up UGLY! lol
Nothing is as exciting as getting a chance to communicate via twitter with a stud like
Thank you to everyone who came to experience tonight. Atlanta represented and she was elated!
Now we're the only table without a lit candle! Smh! Thanks a lot !
You know it buddy! Keep your eyes peeled.
the intention is that the important (and short) stuff will settle in your SM box, the other crap will be in gmail
Some drink at the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle.
I'll be forward and say that I think he's a heteropatriarchal, racist wingnut. How/why do you like him?
Oh I forgot all about that movie.
Great trick!
Start flipping desks and tables.
I really really really like that song:) <3
I'm gonna start too! Lol
Awesome to see you, my friend! =D How are you?
6:45 a.m-10 a.m. Tuesday DASH Southbound AT1, Westbound AT2 local trips will bypass Mark Center.
Just like after a night @ Fogo
well! Having a laugh wiv my bruv.. Wat r u wearing for p.e tomoz? :)
how is that a fake smile.
i want one lol
Triple non-threat
running 5 miles
I remember back in the day b4 cellphones n unlimited plans where the norm, when you used to wait until 9pm to talk up a storm lol. Remember?
RT While I deplore bigotry toward same sex couples I WOULD support a ban on the nauseating marriages depicted in Kay Jewelry ads
I hope you return for many more episodes and seasons-- yr r fun and inspiring. Thnx.
Subtitles of this movie are available in Thai, Korean, Chinese, And French.... Wat
A huge shout out to Vegas for returning me to Boise in one piece.
Starting a pizza joint, doing a little research - what's your idea of the perfect pizza? Or just share your favorite topping combo with me!
you really dont wanna talk no more?
Boarding pass on iPhone, check. WiFi on AA flight, check. On-time departure, check. Nice way to start the week and trip to Chi-town
bitch yo ass knows what you got into now you gotta pay the price...
/sigh - the geekiness is clearly on overdrive when you think you saw the phrase Dr. Who in your feed, and discover it was wishful thinkin'.
- Not repeating the mistakes of 'wise' men of the past that brought a physical presence to the world and failed miserably.
that's weird
thank you for the add! Please keep checking up on our site art is soon to be posted from portlands young artists!
Stayed down until I came up neva knew how to change up
Haven't tweeted in 2 days bro -.-
I will be preaching "Crabs in a Bucket!" Sunday the 12th @ 3pm. First MT Selah Baptist Church 2017 Forrest Park Rd Se, Atlanta, GA 30315
Right when I thought I was done... I ran of "sugar" for the last dessert
You hav quite a rockin day coming up! YaY Love days like that :D
Its it true that Madison has a girlfriend cuz I'm gonna die
Trying To Forget Someone You Once Loved, Is Like Trying To Remember Someone You Never Knew
lol!! Was it that bad??
I've been alright, very moody. But besides that fine
i love people. i love culture and adventure and laughter. and yet... inanimate objects like the perfect pair of boots bring me such joy...
Now following back
some dude is trying to kick a pervs ass at the bus stop 4 me cuz i remind him of his daughter lol.
most likely. we can always work around my schedule somehow
can u follw me
Im listening to chill vol 1 smoking bowls and it was only 3 weeks ago today when it was released im still impressed with myself...
funny, I just suggested that solution the current travails only last night (seriously!) to someone at ICE
u having that fight this weekend?
Thank you RT": Keep ya head up chelle!"
Today is our 1 year anniversary <3
yeah I like them!! :)
If my mom buys me tickets iwill love her even more.
Salsa Party! Nov. 10th, 7pm-Midnight @ Mr. G's Supper Club, 1547 W. 87th Street!
A Wise man once said "Increase the Peace! Silence the Violence!"
Awesome! You won't forget who your friends are, will you Shannon? :D
“A Brief History of New Media Art” Matt Nish-Lapidus,
I'll take a coke, please. :)
Fed. Time for nap?
I gota get ready to take my mama to work!
I just realized that I get to sleep in tomorrow!! Thank you afternoon AP test!!
Life Lesson: When a boy can sweet talk you perfectly...chances are, he is experienced. (Look before you fall)
They say the apple dnt fall from the tree but wat if that apple neva falls!!!....
I'm a WOMAN. I dont smoke, drink, or party every weekend. I don't sleep around or start drama
Thanks for the follow! I'm a BK grad!!
Getting really excited for Saturday night! Groovesect is playing with Fred Wesley and Leo Nocentelli at Tipitina's Uptown at 2am!!!!!!!!!!!
it's suppose to be. you know any girls who'd be interested?
u ain't bring me one ....
Feel Her Ass If She Has On A Thong Or Boy Shorts, She Wana Fuck
it's a beautiful day but today i'm dot-netting - meaning visual studio and my bulky desktop... next time.
I cant wait till tomorrow, thats when my weekend lifts off. Friday:Homecoming game/F.L.I, Saturday: Rubys :DD
the music video was amazing, you will always keep inspiring my life. <3
says he is not waiting to be elected as mayor to make a change
Leaving today on a trip to London and will bring a copy of Test Drive Your Future with us for photo ops. Cheers!
Seriously people. It's game one. Chill. #Lakers Maybe needs an account...
a day for lovers lol
Stuffed Turkey en route to Signature Cigars-Perhaps it will be our featured cigar one day next week? Gobble, gobble
Thanks Love<3 wish you could be there:)
who. Join the club! High five ✋
All roads lead to Miramar, tomorrow! Vintage Reggae WinterFest
New age slave uprising !
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
thanks bud!
their food is gross though not going to lie.
Ventriloquist performs at 11am & 2pm in the Palm House!
m the shit.
Happy Friday! What are you doing this weekend?
# thank you
The Bulls bench is deep as hell!!!
Me! We should Skype(;
A friend told me you should know someone for 4 seasons to really know who they are.
Going to NYC today! Any suggestions for places to go or things to eat?
Vancouver is gorgeous and what a great place for filming
shot I didn't even see that that was 2012...
I sleep in your t-shirt, wake up in your t-shirt, still smell the scent of your cologne...
studio tip: always good to let a few days go by then listen to that recording with fresh ears..
whats going on with you superstar
Southern sun sets
loll I don't know whose they were but they were in my car
My baby sister is funny aza bxtch, she rollin eva where, im pretty sure she gone hit d floor n 2.3 seconds and ima b weak af lls XD
there is a continuous tracking mode, but I believe it works as "well" as can be expected! (not very!)
#mitt2012 Yes because of people like u #Mitt! Properly COMPENSATE the REAL workers not CEOs, COOs, Managers etc!
Sucks i didnt get to watch the Lakers game yesterday because its not available in Hawaii...no fair...if u watched it...can mu tell who won!!
lmao thanks! Haha it would be so cool to meet!! ...like in person O.O
I left my roommate alone with 3 pints of and Ben & Jerry's melting in the freezer from the power outage. Oh dear.
ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber :)
Vultures Live just came on my pandora and I think my heart just melted
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family. - -Marlo Thomas
The new is opening RIGHT NOW in Carmel Mountain Ranch! Stop by and let me know what you think!
im a las vegas poker player/dealer. im set to deal the wsop.then i was caught smokin a blunt and 86ed from harrahs. am i scre
Next show this Saturday, May 12th at 8 PM in Hollywood.
Nice to see a band actually perform live....and killing it!
Thank you, M. How about #FS? That's cook too :)
I wish there were more coffee / beer / wine cafes.
Thank you my friend!! Hope you have wonderful weekend plans ahead!!!
You bought her drinks all Night and still got nothing?
oh yaknoww ;) haha i miss you
Causes Wish enables you to solicit donations for your cause in lieu of gifts for bdays, weddings, etc.
thanks for the follow! Besides the Cubbies, MN is my AL club. Go Twins!
We 12 followers away from 800 😏
k. Thanks.
I'm calling it right now -- 'wandering-kids' is this year's 'kids-falling-out-of-windows.' Mark my words.....
The link in my bio explains, any questions make sure to ask me! :)
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy.
“Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence.”~Sloan Wilson
San Diego is the place to be! Glad you're back, neighbor! Feel better too!
the attitude toward this. The reaction should reflect that this is a common practice; didn't.
I'm a fan of Inge, and always will be. Period. RT : I know he's polarizing... But I'll miss Brandon
absolutely! I mean, its only 5 Ks. That's like a mile, right?
Never in a million years did I think a song by Kris Allen would be remixed and remixed well.
yes boss
what is unfortunate? I hope all is well. When I came across your tweet I was moved to respond
look for misreported delinquencies, over-reported loan amounts, and underreported credit limits in our credit report
4 is the magic number
DPAP conference coming to close... Getting close to time to unwind!
RT : If Rick Santorum is the answer, the question must be, "How can America become less educated and more pregnant?"
Halsey Burgen. Collects, re-presents, and transforms your voice to become his voice.
": Get myself together 1st, then I can help everybody else out."
There ain't nothing like shitty #prosecco to warm a girl up on a cold #sanfrancisco nite. Go !
Reveling in the design prowess of an artist working in ClarisWorks.
An Easter morning prayer: please God, let me catch this train. I'm trying to make it to your house! It worked. Happy Easter!
Thank you! Much appreciated.
Listening to Kem "If It's Love"....thinking about a very beautiful woman.
Should I spend $9.99 on #50shadesofgrey for kindle??
OSU can't hang with the Big 12 bruh
NAP has a new background and new NO LIMIT attitude.
A drunk mind may have drunk actions.. But it speaks sober thaughts.
I had a dream I was a dolphin swimming deep in the sea. Then, suddenly, transformed into a high soaring raven. Good things to come today.
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you" RT
Did you know that FITzee is now available for office #vendingmachines? Get in touch to start a healthy revolution in YOUR workplace.
Trying to think of something BIG for my 10,000th tweet.
Just got the best gift in the world <3
Thank you, Fatty Crab, for making the UWS tolerable
Love is Louder <3
Awesome day today, mostly cus of #SandersSunday gave me a shoutout :D <21
Just finished research study 2, now heading to class.
George Workner killed in a jail break, March 14, 1808. First Baltimore law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty.
#Medeco - 8th question: Medeco3 cylinders are certified & approved by 2 independent groups as a "high security cylinder." Who are they?
How do we submit for distribution?
Waiting on Brian Hood to message us back. So ready to finish this Ep
Safranski is great. And a great subject. I'll have to see if I can track that puppy down.
THANKS ANITA..CAT'CHA OVER @ R/N..T/F/S..
RT : #RIP to Donna Summer!! because i cant believe this!
Garbage in Garbage out!
if Rondo gets a game does that mean stumbling and brushing a ref is = 1/7 of a crushing elbow to the head?
Morning walk w thanks for my new fav music (as always) to
Happy birthday to my perfect girlfriend. :)
yea man, to touch another life is why i do this. im happy we could help you through.
That's it for our conversation tonight, folks! Thanks for following along!
Louisiana Circumstance College Tigers Football Gamers Ingested in ...
Can't sleep. So im watching The Big Valley on the INSP channel
Looks like its just me tonight...daughter sleep...mii sister && went to the movies guess I'll just watch lifetime til I K.O :(
aldsfjasldfasd Why is this dumb Call Me Maybe song so fucking catchy?!?!
Royce is hideous when she crys
Agreed. I don't think it should be a requirement either.
YourHRPortal followers advertise for free on HRResourcePortal.Com - limited time offer! Ask how - no committments!
Merry Christmas Twitter World!
Ok I'm hungry now, that power nap was good
next 10 tweet i love Justin Bieber gets 20 DM'S to Justin and i'll follow you :)
Sorry to hear that, I hope things are going well for you.
All great choices!
AmerksHockey I'll be up in section 204 tngt, row A seats 7 & 8 - leave me something good! :)
was there any news on a new studio album from Green Day or are they planning on taking a break again????
Super Senior!!!! 3x World Champion has a nice ring to it, dont cha think? :)
Nunthorpe! Im sure i have heard of Ramsey, what year are you in ??
why don't they just jump? Never understood that.
Cheese curds and Old Fashioneds. It is good to be back in Wisconsin.
That club had always been fun RT : Thursday Night Pussycat Lounge SCottsdale Get Down There And Start Your Weekend Early! : )
lightening up our household for the move.
Im in class and i need a pen where you at?!
Dogs need love! Have you hugged your dog today?
The #marac meeting in Cape May, NJ is going to be fun, but I have to work too. Time for me to promote the fall meeting in Richmond, VA!
Someone wake me up with breakfast tomorrow. :)
getting off twitter for a few bbl bbs
Woo? Haha.... Seems cool!
Spring Break 2012: Time dedicated to becoming a better basketball coach.
It's Gotta be YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU! It's Gotta be Looouuuuisssssssssss!!:)x
FUK WIT MY GURL FOLLOW HER OR FALL OFF :)
bout damn time
omg I love that my name is Booth!! I want to read the essay!
Happy Father's Day!!!!
Congrats to Gill Warner (Tulsa office) who closed 2 Walgreens totaling $11.5M last week!
I can't lololo it's hard -.- oh brother
For those of you that haven't clicked on the "Like" button on our Facebook fan page we would greatly appreciate your support. Just click o
it must be fun to be an NBA head coach
We are hiring if you have any potential candidates!
<333333333333 there i helped u out !
nothing to do.... I guess ill sit here and think about you
save it for the #devmke irc run Sunday at 7pm!
New Jersey is happening
another one I couldn't find on the web, the Delmore Brothers "Kentucky Mountain" is very pretty.
What do you really, really want? Let me know your dreams DM me. bgr8 now
It's not like drama where you're trying to achieve some kind of emotion or trying to further the story along
#BusinessTrip RT : Doc Rivers said everyone, including Pierce, is expected to play tonight
I guess I got used to exposes of true wrongdoing/corruption from and this one sounds more like editorializing.
& they join the list of other SEC schools leveraging XpressConnect by , to automate 802.1X client provisioning.
At pick n pull listening to Megan tell me about breast cancer
Thank YOU!
while the patriot act makes it easier&#40;dangerous no unbiased intermediary&#41; to obtain a warrant it doesn&#39;t take away …
detroit tigers mini-bats forever!
in your case? i does not know
Why we need to laugh: A keen sense of humor helps us to overlook the unbecoming, understand the unconventional.....
lol ok I'll tweet to you in october when they don't make the postseason haha
let's meet in the middle?
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
“: The Buried Life just crossed off: write a new book. Bring them on to cross off #79: Dance with Ellen.
where did u hear this?
I hope our project is due friday.
How disappointing. :(
Hey girl! We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. We work with RDB! Check us out? :)
Finally joined the Facebook world! Like us!
Happy Mother's day <3
The institution where I artistically grew
uhmmm no im not sure you might explode your ovaries ... but its all good
Man..... I am tired after a long weekend!
It feels like a Bun B kind of morning. (cc )
ah. I see. Jumping to conclusions.
Wonder nik powers activate! We have control of the tides now!
I'd rather be let down than be a let down. BLEGH!!
Tired,sneezing,coughing,sore throat makes you just wanna curl up in bed with a movie and sleep all day!
Sheer backs and burnt orange at Lela Rose
right!! But this guys house is totally secluded, I could go tanning and not have to worry about tan lines! No one would know
oh it's torture are they even open at this time
It would be cool if , , and performed at Just sayin'.
Had an amazing weekend & even saw the new Muppets film, which I love! Have a great Monday everyone! I love you all!!
Be sure to come out for the open house meeting tomorrow at the RMC. Learn about the GSA officer positions and you can get involved.
Hey Gaslamp Killer and Daedalus...Is there a DC show Sunday Nov. 7? Where?
Wait, you're tweeting about fries? What happened to the WLJ? LOL
LAUNCH PARTY of #LuxSundays in DC April 1st. Every1s Free All NIte--> Text LuxSundays to 74455 for pass and address.
Who's the highest jumping twitter follower I have following me? Is it you?
email with a menu, prices, a pic of your display, & 3 references. We'll put you on file!
For a moment I thought you were talking about men.
“Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror. You are the eternity and the mirror.”
Beauty Is In The Heart ~Helen
Start collecting bricks & antique clothes irons. I only have a lying press, my bonefolders, sharp knives, rulers & good brushes.
yes it does. I told my mom to go this past weekend since we were close but we didn't really have time for anything.
I recognize that by drinking I am mistreating my depression. However, I'm pretty sure mental health disorder abuse is legal.
slap me through the internet? ..ouch. ;)
check your DM's
san to sfo lowest fare around thanksgiving?
I'm a supporter haha :)!!
Rainbow city dnt even have a hood store.
You have too many crazies on your team! RT : he is a nutcase ! But I like crazy !! Watch him in game 7.
bentwood wolfgang till we die if u hatin then go suck on a dick
Ladies you are not ready for the surprises that we are about to bring you!!! Anyone want to guess what these surprises are??
Did you have anything in particular that you wanted to collab on?
A little rehearsal then off to the studio
#FF #FollowFriday Graham Webster; Political science Ph.D. student, journalist
keep us in mind, laundry belonging to beautiful ladies would be our niche for sure! We promise to leave no unwanted creases!
no BS, probably one of my top 5 movies. I'll watch it when I wake up with a nice bowl of cereal
hell nah I hopped out the car and ran!
RT : Why can't life be a rock opera?
Georgia O Keefe....I had no idea
Moving day is one week from today!
No sleep once again!
Kyrie Irving will start at PG tonight as #Cavs face
At the game in Indy. Great stadium. With Wesley Spencer, and the ladies. Awesome.
it's all the same. family/friend/son/daughter/... many seek wisdom with no love for it, just the power it grants
Yippie it's my birthday tomorrow. 🎂😒
Verminator. Unsportsmanlike, but it was John Terry, so carry on.
Thanks! Cool to meet another fitness addict. :)
defiantly not looking forward to my geometry and english eoi...
#2badtwins song n video wack as hell i know niggas bout to think this shit cold
Haha yep, you called that one. predictible
I went in on these TTs today ._.
Trust in yourself. Your perceptions are often far more accurate than you are willing to believe. -Claudia Black
Cody Holyoke was with signature checking volunteers in Waukesha last night. Is that where you're headed?
B/c of #yoga I am more open and chill in my #mediation practice. How does yoga enhance your legal practice or your approach to clients?
#CyberMonday is here at last! Who found some amazing online deals today?
Past 72 hours: 3 ex's apologizing 2 me What gives? Just because u went 2 church Sun. Doesn't mean I want 2 hear about your sins against me.
If you wantito receive unique letters of recommendation (rather than a general letter) then you will need to send multiple requests
Starting in just a few, keep an eye out for the #NGGS3 tag to get updates from the Wellness at Work: Get Your Erg On! breakout session.
The Commish happy to see his homie.
twugs n sending lots of bday love
going to my moms
When drafting Terms of Use, if there are key terms the company specially wants, summarize them up front in bold.
Filner says he has experience working in binational way.
Or... once again, finding new ways to cannibalize the fabric of culture
Vice president of my company & several higher ups just stopped by. Luckily I came out in the good side of that surprise visit.
"The greatest of these is love" despite being on his tombstone is not my grandpa. "There's no meat in hell." That's my grandpa.
this sounds amazing! We will be the first users ever to use this site?!?
Weather today made me want to be at a pool with a drink in my hand
Looking forward to seeing Ambassador Andrew Young & Mrs. Carolyn Young in Washington for the MLK Jr. Memorial dedication festivities.
Im on a mission to the SKY!!!
the service is INSIDE the competence? why didn't you just say that!
yeah. Falk wins primary in Ozaukee and Waukesha counties by landslide! They love her there.
Dinner conversation on lucid dreaming inspired me to try to fly tonight.
thank you
Celebrate 3OH3 today!
mushy tweeters 😝
of course ;)
When Hart hit that HR my dog jumped so bad from my loud scream.
April is child abuse prevention month! Thank you NYC Preventive Programs for keeping children safe.
Follow me, I follow back!!!:))
Hooray! RT : Thank SO MUCH for free gift from #TCEA2012! Just got it in the mail. Love it!!!
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way. ~E. M. Forster
And the Reading Rainbow & ST: Next Generation theme songs play us out to break at #webwise!
wooohoo see you there!!
what does it look like ?
Restaurant Week Boston 2009
and all win today.
i will be sleeping while you guys are working, well, hopefully. insomnia sucks
Congrats to #UArts 2012 Silver Star Alumni nyc downtown dancer Hilary Clark '98 and design guru '70 see u !
I see how it is lol :/
lol Ikr? I love her tattoo!
Im A #RealNigga Stand Still Nigga, I cut yo face have you lookin like Nigga
Oh! And what it takes to get his attention.
Well said Ax...
Happy Birthday, Ro!! Hope you had a fabulous day!!!
On The Border hit the spot.. so glad we shared it with & the fam :)
Seriously, we're at church not the jersey shore. Its called modesty
Remind me to shin kick you
Wonder if he WROTE it or did he BUY it again or did someone else WRITE it?
Hey what's up guys? If you have a moment, check my friend for some awesome female fronted piano rock. She's a sweetheart.
i think its pretty cool that u are a mahomie, belieber and directioner :)
LA UP.
Yeah, but he was willing to re-work his contract. That was mentioned 2 weeks ago. He loves our defensive front.
LOL that can happen. So are your Lakers in Trouble?
Covering veterans day parade tomorrow
Firefighters continue to spray water on blaze in greenfield
Strategizing about how to use social media to develop new business.
I need a visit too :)
no trust me there's nothing to be jealous about.. I'd rather be hot than cold ngl
I love love love er
A soundtrack would let you know how to feel. Also you'd know when someone was about to jump out of the closet.
Terrier recruit this fall making headlines #BU RT: Congrats to Nate Dieudonne Gatorade State Player of The Year - Kentucky !"
FUCK THE RECESSION, THE WORLD NEEDS A BLESSING! #TeamObama RT
Thanks, my Wife and I will be in NYC from May 20th to May 23 to visit my Brother in SOHO and celebrate my Bday.
Nonna's Kitchenette's super Italian food will be in PHX this weekend, Sat and Sun afternoon. On Aspen street near Pay and Take #food Mangia!
Good morning Pittsburgh. Good afternoon Italy. Have a beautiful day!
Miss you love! Come back to Dallas soon! (:
u have followers and Raider Family in L.A. too.
I'm pretty sure I recall her telling us we were annoying her lol
Can't believe UNC took care of #Duke last night so easily in their own house! Ouch!
great series, good luck to the caps =]
The Bucs earned a place in the hall of shame this afternoon, with less than 100 yards of offense, and a 3rd loss. Final: Giants 24, Bucs 0.
Sadly I'm afraid this will be the closest Zachary Levi will ever come to the Oscars.
totally aware. It's an amazing field of study.
I can finally see my hard work paying off! Today I was able to get into my fave dress, which I haven't been able to do in almost 2 yrs 😃👗
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes! It's been a great day : )
Reveal yourself non-descript 40Watt Twitter administrator!
Does that mean your leg is feeling better? I hope so!
There's always lunch break for sun... AND the sun doesn't set until 7:28 p.m.
living for myself and nobody else
: Never trust a person who says, "yeah, you can trust me"
Woah wait a minute did they just call a walk on LEBRON JAMES
That was
Pop-up show next Sat.: Craig Wright's The Pavilion, performed by Brad Smith, Tracey Kaplan, John Henry Roberts. Wright will play songs, too.
Scheduling a brunch with a friend on Mother's day might not have been the best choice.
OK, we can match the $159 cost + shipping. You'll have to call in. 1-800-589-4487
too lazy
My Alli gals, I miss you all!
Love this quote! thx!
Finishing up making props, then heading out to pick up more props :P and to order food for the shoots..
Great fairs this w/e! Start uptown w/ Crafts on Columbus (Columbus Ave btw 77th & 81st) then Upper Broadway Festival (Bway btw 60th & 65th)
Are you a fan of Mexican food? We have wine if it makes it more enticing? And delicious desserts :)
:P love you
It's Spring! Which can only mean one thing: #IAS12 is about to kick off. OK, the two have nothing in common but aren't you excited?
RIP Whitney Houston. She had one of the best voices of all time.
Heading over to Cosmo 's to pick up some tracks :)
RT : If lose tonight, there will have been 11 losing streaks of 12+ games in MLB since '05. The royals will have 5 of them
I met her on Monday. So exciting!
there's rain in these mountains of Albany! The Volvo needed a bath :)
I hate watching movies where the video and audio aren't synched >.<
See you in CATlanta, Hoosiers. It's payback time.
you're an education major too?!
Say it anyways.
Thanks Rupert!
I feel so bad for the little black twink :(((
Congratulations! Break a leg!
Boom indeed. I like it!
I'm surprised you haven't yet!!
It's such a nice feeling to still get fan messages from people in Iran, I had no idea my shows made such an impact.
I like seeing someone smile and knowing I made them happy. :)
The beauty of #SeeSaw is that it follows the hashtag so you were picked up even while you were doing other things.
That awkward moment when you have a better chance at finding Waldo than a boyfriend.
- google+ never really took off outside of the tech community.. Am I right?
Lol It shows that hip hop is dying. Your boy Eminem need to come back..
I guess ill be the weird one and smile in my pictures while you guy makes faces at the camera
I don't wanna be a whore, i wanna be your whore ahahahah oh good ole'
What a great game by "King Walk" Nakamura
And if this is what we've got, then what we've got is gold. Heading to Atlantic City to see I am just a little excited :)
LOL looks like 60s for you today. Enjoy another beautiful day.
RT : great presentation! thx for the pie charts & cookies! I LIKE PIE!
I need to get your jersey this season. I have to show off my Jets pride in Wisconsin :)
thanks for creating this page
If you are from NYC, we are going to have a show for you soon. And it is the most important show TROS will ever play. You must be there!!
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE
It is about that time for you to come in and check us out 6320 Winchester Road
Down 2 the final parts of #Rainbow. The Religion Section makes me wanna quit religion altogether but be #hopeful religious tolerance is near
Also, is it just me or did Twitter go from "simple and clean" to "DO ALL THE THINGS!!1!" over the past year that I've been AWOL? Me no like.
Finishing up some work and settling in for some Murder She Wrote. Yeah, Im cool like that.
If there's anything we learned from I Am Legend it's that Will Smith talks to mannequins. But also that he might survive
"To me, a punk is someone who says what's on his mind and who doesn't take no shit!" -Rick James in Blues & Soul Magazine (November.1979)
R.I.P Whitney Houston. So sad!
Okay, just release 210 by the next time I go to Roosevelt/Canal or ride the BNSF Line, whichever comes first. Lmao XD
sorry to hear that :/ I hope I do, there's no way I can miss All Time Low :P
Getting a different perspective on the use of white in iOS design.
we got #Natitude bring on the
We're changing our style to math metal for our full length... (O_O)
I hope that wasnt a subtweet cuz im not shallow sweetheart
I'm liking it, it's just not getting better than just good so far. Though the characters aren't bad like everyone...
It's hard to believe that the series finale of #DesperateHousewives is tonight. So long, Wisteria Lane...
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Cool, EGT sent me an email to see if I wanted to do some interviews. Uh Yes Please :)
That's Great (: I'm Good To Just Been Working On My Modeling
Jesus, be ALL OF THE FENCES!
Sometimes I Think About You Marrying Me...Then I Hit The Blunt And...
I hate doing papers!
You would think after four years of this "Obama is our Savior!" bovine excrement I would know how to spell 'messianic' without looking it up
he is! I'll make sure to say hello for you.
Oh, Portland! We meet twice a week, every week, but we never have time to hang out.
knowing what you do about the evil that runs this country, why do you completely dismiss the idea that the US was behind 9/11?
totally agree! =)
LMAO.... WOW ": if you listen to boosie you're a heaux & word to Jesus sandals you probably smoke black n mild & drink 40's"
or it's golden. Wiz is whack as shit. It can't be that bomb Kanye booted it
I remember the time when I was playing basketball one time: I was waiting for an inbound pass and got an elbow to the head. ...
Same here!
I'm cuatttt
Whenever I work out I put a sticker of a at on the calendar. Apparently that's all that it really takes to get me motivated...
Morror on the wall....
he's the fat nigga we gon kill? I'm down
you can custom build one, open up pandoras box
he looked better in 17 again than 'the lucky one' guhrosssssss
The UDC Backus Campus will offer 23 Associate Degree programs including fashion merchandising and construction.
Finally got to sleep n
Or maybe I'm just a grumpy bitch.
Yep! Love it. That .one is Sundays
To endorsements metting they gave it to me. 2nd one I had to be a home wrecker & lay on my back & point my heels to Jesus! Wink Joetellez!
For you, anything.
I bet! Enjoy it!!
yes it's definitely a hideaway from the madness of Dallas sprawl!
LOL! Just don't mess w/ my fountain or garden & we're fine!! (Been going on for a year! Not taking it anymore!)
Check out Lopez Tonight as he talks to Anne Hathaway about making coming out 4/15. Check out the movie, and come to the museum!
told myself the same thing. well dudes*. too stressful.
is a rockstar with these autographs at the Merchandise Pavilion! Thanks, Lexi!
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
RT : Everything God ever asks you to do, even if it’s difficult, He asks because He has something great in mind for you.
"....the underrepresentation of women directors is a national issue." You know, I actually don't get that sense in Chicago.
If u go to WVSU spread the word Kingdom Life Fellowship meeting in the University Union every Sunday 10:30 am!!!
Hollywood has decided that female gastrointestinal issues have been ignored for too long.
All thezse hoes Do the Freak Shit For Attention my First Instinct as a Nigga Gone Always Be
Hey all! This questions is for the folks that are 40 and over. When you guys turned 40 did your body start falling apart? LOL
Yankees Rule Twins Drool #twins v
Do you ever contribute to charities? How do you feel about it?
"We need to get back to being scared again" - Magic Johnson on the HIV virus
I like the pic. Cute kid's
I don't get what you're questioning....I simply disagreed with your statement...
I think it's offensive to people who have really experienced it. You put your life on display, so deal with it
Breaking Medical News: At least 1 meal each day should be trail mix.
I'm just High off Life!
You're right! Too funny!
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is making classic fangs for two clients today! Book now for next week!
creeping me out-just did some yard work-a few stuck to the trees but the live ones- making a lot of noise!
Shed Blood Sweat & Tears An Keep Going
Finally home from work
I hope so too! I think I see more wine in my future...
like voices in our head!!!
Oransky. The first biopsy you get at the hospital? The Wallet biopsy.
Did Josh Hamilton just hit the cards with the belt while the ref was knocked out?
hahahahhahahahhahaha well duh ! (: you better not go telling them !
yes I will! 530!
Home!!!! Hailey Anne's resting comfortably...well all but this damn fly. Argggggg. :^)
Agree! My team in DC is pedaling this weekend w/a team in NY too-good luck to all! RT : Good luck in #CycleforSurvival !
Thanks! Submitted two sessions last night.
wen will u ever follow me :( i love u
The Quiet American, if you haven't.
It's a home computer fixer-upper day today. Starting with creating a system restore disc and backing everything up.
I will look at your work and follow up this week. Thanks
What a weekend - big thank yous to and !
LP Thursday! Come listen to records all night, enjoy great wine tasting all day, and happy hour 4-7pm. Enjoy
check yours (;
xss test <script>alert('Hello World');</script
St.John Property's Daniel Thomas is introducing Peter Linneman here at UB. #real estate
Waiting for the cork to pop and the party to drop.
why don't you just flap your arms and fly up to see ?
My art show went really well. I have will have the pictures up later tomorrow! About to shut it down, back to homework in a few hours.
now that IE9 has hardware accellerated text, i can read faster and better, like never before
yellow not so great, our awesome as always, brought some to LaHinas for Jared to deep fry it but too busy right now!
I apologize. I forgot I was signed in to his account. My bad. He wanted a twitter. smh
Getting me is one thing, keeping me is another. Don't lose appreciation for something once you get it, it can be taken away just as fast
that sounds dope
explain to me how, i shall do whatever
werd! They need a law to make it smoke free zone with in certain mile zone or something!
I dont do covers guys working on my own original music
i got my sperrys n im ready for the boat all summer now
If YOU are interested in helping bring First Night and make it Happen, we would love to hear from you! - www.firstnightaustin.org
it wasn't my word choice but while she misspoke it was still an interesting quote
can i have a shoutout please?! love you!!!
Your GIS Day event looks great! Soon, there will be more info provided about Temple's GIS Day talks.
You know kid fury just went off on ignorant ass bitches a day ago..but I'm a KICB on twitter tonight because today was a good day
follow back
If you haven't already... go follow me on Instagram >BriBriJets<
Last night was fun Thanks for coming out!
#trsandswstour will this ever trend
I will not eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick, not wounded, dead. ~Woody Allen
haha! That's awesome, so glad to hear. It'll be a great time. We're going to post videos soon!
“: so important to coordinate your earrings with your mic!” So true! So true.
Oh no... not again.
Cry For Cuts And Stitches Not For Bastards And Bitches.
Abram Brown beats Chase Shilhanek in a hard fought battle. 2:29 Round 3 Tap from Guillotine.
#itwasintense RT i need no youtube ive seen it live in person. so sick that threw up on my fldnb shirt
liked Maslow's hierarchy of tweets, but think the noble aspects of belonging moving to service/self-actualization were left out
oh really?!? How is going so far?
Thanks for the shoutout! :D
Like Nixon in '68, he has a "secret" plan on immigration. If he told it, it wouldn't be a secret.
As a VT Officer for the A.S.P.C.A., I’d like to sincerely Thank You for everything you do for Animals. You’re a good man!
You're just a daydream away.
“: Freshmen students texted their mentors (juniors/seniors) to let them know how their first day of school was"
I'm a stranger to all my exes. Lol, shit.
Ready for the most exhausting weekend of my life but it's all things I love #dance #modeling so BRING IT ON!
No Doubt. Enjoy Your Day Ma'am!
Let me kno u followed I'll follow right back and ask me anything Q&A f4f
Yep, tis me. I couldn't resist the Kerrigan and Steinhauer books!
are you in mke tonight?
Orange Tags are now on sale! That means any media with an orange tag on it is 50% OFF! WOW-WEE! Come on in to STUFF!
Not a betting man, but look for Kentucky to cover the spread on Thursday...no matter what the spread is.
just got it...sweet!!
Its too early to be awake -__-
I'm reading When She Woke by Hillary Jordan. Four chapters in and I am committed. It's all Atwood and dystopian as promised.
can U help here? RT : how do you get a code for Choco Gets A Check Up,? would love one.
So I just got back from dropping my mom off at work, time too go back too bed
what happened where are you?
I'm gonna need therapy, now.
THEY ARE YOUR ROLE MODELS.
Where are those happy times? I need them so badly.
Sexy Racerback Bra
@ the Lounge is ready to rock! Still seats at the bar...
Hey MKE, be carefull in walkers point area. Gun shots very close to 5th & Washington area (2nd + National). No squads yet
followed(: thanks for following me <3
finding it amazing that even though i havent seen this person since 2003, he still has the passion of a 23 year old. easy to admire.
go get some that shit was bomb lol
Was tryna find out why I'm #tipsy af. come to find out the red juice I mixed with the orange juice had liquor in it.
Augustine defeats Gonzalez by referee stoppage at 1:01 of the 1st round. (standing guillotine)
Dent and dings or hail damage lowering your vehicles value and appearance? One easy solution www.kingoftheding.biz
whether or not I could fit my fatass into a pair of old jeans, haha! They fit!
Britney spears music videos on MTV :D
Dirty dancing is on!!
Has your patio been bombed by birds? Time to power wash your patio back to pre war conditions? vegaspressurewashing.com
Saw a house party blaring Train's Drops of Jupiter and everyone on the porch singing along. Is that the sign of a second #recession?
Diana Sawyer tossed it immediately to the new ModFam. Now they're playing the last 10 min of the Cam's mom epi.
lol forreal! It's gon be hotter than meek mill's dream chaser 2!
Great brainstorm today! We're planning a series of satirical short films to highlight the absurdity of Republican
Last chance to reserve a table for our wine dinner on August 1. Reservations need to be in by 2 pm today!
your avatar are amazing haha x)
so make it better. im marvelous
#occupydcneeds Deep Cycle Marine Battery x2
but is it sweet? those early melon can be such a tease.
Ah!! The Clit Arms.. My old local. How I miss it and it's wonderful wine list!! And my old drinking/Foodie buddies ;)
Ok then y'all got the same team plus him
Hit 100k DL's of the Podcast today! Big ups! New Episode up soon!
_American Lazarus_ looks at how early Native American and Af Am writers took biblical tropes...
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling. Margaret Lee Runbeck
Killing me, woman...
New fave song ...
Had a nightmare with my ex in it last night
#BlogHer11 early this week my social media/networking prof said no one reads blogs anymore. Is blogging passé ?
i fire the dealer for not counting down the deck
Royce is always in a relationship
We are always happy to hear this! Isn't it great getting them delivered right to your door? Enjoy dude!
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
Sure - I could buy 10,000 followers... but what would that prove???
Everytime a coworker offers to buy lunch, she gets a pizza or cheap tacos. When I return the favor she orders expensive stuff. Smart indeed.
I've missed you so much! Can't wait for you to come stay with me ^.^
What number Hunger Games is depicted in the first book?
Yup, supporting and endorsing an offer to kill someone. That's what you did.
New kid over for a playdate, and husband is cleaning guns at the table and I have the Clap-Off Bra pulled up online. What a nice family!
Wouldn't miss you gals! RT : Who is watching tonights episode of RHOC?
So excited for today :)
please follow(:
Ha ha ha because men snore and we women want our own rooms ha ha ha
I'd be surprised if it wasn't robertson
: very nice
Flashy Wallbanger . . . will you join me for lunch on Friday? it's been two weeks. . . (tear drop) LOL
Just like u... I get lonely too
"If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with."
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out."- John Wooden
I ain't no bro though.
Am I currently weeping over buying my 1st pair of Gap jeans NOT from Goodwill? Yes. Yes I am.
But, What is a lie?
Nitrous oxide: like being drunk, and time moves in fast-forward. Wouldn't do it again. Now recovering, on painkillers.
I #beezinthetrap until further notice.
oh it's still going on sigh i don't have the energy to deal with avp feels right now
i can't wait to watch it ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
*crosses item off list*
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.20
the third one!
fine bitches always quick 2 call a NIGGA broke, when they the ones w/ kids, no job, no car & still livin w/ they mama or off some trick! IJS
Mexican player carded for diving in the box... didn't think the ref had the cajones...
do you know anyone that does cleaning/preservation of 40+ year old textiles with multicolored hand embroidery? cc:
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study. Francis Bacon
GOOD MORNING! feeling so super, i'm blessing the office with song ::tra la la [insert showtune]::
Text "Sorry you spilled your chai latte" to 90999 to donate $1 to the victims of the U.S. East Coast earthquake.
"Sometimes in life you meet someone. They won't be your soul mate but they'll still change your life in ways you could have never imagined."
#NRAShow come see the Bottoms Up Beer Dispenser at the Beer Tubes Booth #548 & the Anheuser-Busch Booth
i feel like i'm always tweeting about how happy i am lately.. and i LOVE it
sweet! thanks!
tonight to celebrate Mr. McCarthy's birthday!!! Love my sbe family!
Criss!please check out my twitter profile.i think ull really like the background.let me know what u think.8 more days til chat
Our apologies for new users trying to register/login on Skillcenter. Of course technical complications sprouted on launch day.
love me, love me, say that you love me! <3 ;)
Responded to FIRE @ 2242 85 Street, Brooklyn, NY 11214. Red Cross auto update.
If you are into Post-Apocalyptic Zombie, fantasy, romance or crave a good storyline, "The Forest of Hands & Teeth" should please!
Starting the day off the right way. Hitting the football field
Don't click on link that was just sent to you. Twitter account was hacked! Sorry for inconvenience :(
Why has said nothing?
when you play your guitar till I fall asleep<3
Watching Jaws for the bazillionieth time
lovely. thanks!
Where ya at
It's William Shakespeare's 448th birthday today! I find it so amazing and ridiculously inspiring that we still read his work after so long.
lol this bitch.
Aww. They grow up so fast, don't they. :)
'say you're the real Slim Shady.' 'I'm the real Slim Shady.' 'you're a liar!'
omg u here that flordians ICONic boyz r comin to florida and my true INSPIRED dance GEO awww!!! I love u
Pittsburgh Steelers 2012 Draft Sends Clear Messages: A Fan&#39;s Interpretation
Nice post. Firing readers can mean firing up your niche, too.
Sumbody shuld go grab me ah blunt from da gstation I'm lazy rite now
#KimKardashian's failed marriage... What a waste!! That's what happens when you're sitting too pretty in the spot light... You get burned!!
I wanna wear a dress tomorrow but im afraid people will think i've been abused
.NET / MVC opening in DT Chicago, C2H Resumes welcomed at:
Really tired on this rainy Philly Day.
Pizza rolls >
#Hate RT Looks like *somebody's* twitter got hacked.
Going to see with ! Catching the train soon! Woo!
Have fun! Rich is a sweetie. Please tell him I said hi. Are you having a chordal instrument or just bass/sax/drums? That's fun!
Awhh (: It was awesome seeing you! (: Well, chatting with you XD x
Just saw Stevie Wonder at LAX..he didn't see me tho.
Wow - Josh Scobee nails a 59-yarder to bury the Colts as time expires. Clutch.
Life is about moving forward one two-year contract to the next.
agree, maybe a cpyrt lawyer would hlp. who is also a humanist.
RT : "Siri, cancel my massage appointment." - Tom Cruise
oh you're the future of the economy? HERE'S SOME MASSIVE PERSONAL DEBT! YAAAAAAAAAAAY *kills self* and you wonder why we don't buy houses
Holy Smokes, peeps. This has been a day. Going to bed. Not just saying I'm going to bed, like usual. Really going... really...
FB can really be annoying. I can't get to my messages...when I scroll down it scrolls me back up. i need to delete my page altogether
oh my gosh it does D: I feel horrible
Hmm...Maybe "Stand Your Gay Ground" could gain traction?
Waiting to board our flight to Alaska!
Hey thanks, Anthony! And, thanks for all of your help.
Obama appoints Robert Velasco as acting CEO of the Corp for Natl and Community Service. Velasco is the current COO of CNCS
Get it in the drink not in your eye, use a SquE-Z!
Note to self don't lean to far back In office chair... Luckily I'm by myself in the office this morning
Kind of touristy, but worth it. Corcovado is gorgeous up close. Didn't realize it is Brazil's equivalent of the Statue of Liberty.
Sitting here helping Gramps write an obituary is pretty humbling. Tell your loved ones how much you care, will ya?
Check out our Allure Wig, right here on our twitter profile & let us know what you think!! www.drwiggys.com or email
How did I go to Trader Joe's and forget to buy a single potato product? It's unprecedented.
I'm not weird, I'm limited edition!
yes! Thanks!
Thank your for the intro!
Friday night #datenight. Pre-valentine's weekend. tasting menu @ h50. can't wait!
Beautiful, I just want you to know your my favorite boy!
Help celebrate the birthday of Susan Duerksen by taking back our democracy! Let's sing 2 her @ the downtown federal courthouse & hold signs.
Hard rock version of Gerry Rafferty's 'Baker Street' coming from over the back fence. Interesting
men should always carry their own condoms... women still poke holes in those
so I'm not the only one who noticed that? I didn't recognize her at first.
: not all screens are created equal. Tablets are interactive, not passive, learning tools.
That awkward moment when hubby stares at the pimple on your forehead then interrupts you with, "Wait, I think it's communicating with me."
- Wow! Can't believe it's been that long, but I'm so happy you did or we wouldn't have Vegas.
Honestly Family Guy is so stupid but so funny.
From our families to yours, have a wonderful holiday!
sorry to hear the news. will you get another of the same or something different?
today was fun :) I am sure all the aunties hate us now!
What's everybody doing in DC!? Bethesda?
when the sun sinks down over the the water everything is hotter when the sun goes down
Beautiful day for some rays.
these idiots still have not received the message - bipartisanship or sink into political disgrace!!!
better question, why are you in Popeyes?
breakfast report: david terrified by pop-up ad. "hey, it's just kelis!"
Going hiking.
Dear Professors, I can't complete my assignments because my cat is napping on my keyboard. Thanks,Carrie
"Beyonce is pregnant. Guess What!! It's destiny's child"
Bottom line: without labor support an expansion is very unlikely.
i dont like my neighborhood full of racists
Just started a Run. 70 °F, 0mph N, 78%
yes. just need those teeth (and funds and policies) behind them...
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment. -Napoleon I
Fun fact... I never get tired of explaining our new 'Adios, Mofo' shirt to people. :-)
We're in a holding pattern. Mommy is good. Daddy is pacing. Lochlan is getting ready for his big debut.
Anyone have 2 Jeremy Camp tickets? This is for the #Abq show at Copperpoint church. Show is tonight.
Just bought our album artwork ;)
Need To Find Something To Do.
Headed back home after an absolutely amazing #ImagineCup 2012 #Ireland experience. Thanks to everyone - I had an awesome time. :-)
If you fail, just be sure to fail quickly and cheaply and maximize what you learn from each failure!
ok good, just making sure. Carry on with your awesomeness!
Biggest addiction: coffee. Slowly weening myself off of the sugar and creamer. Down to 1 packet of sugar per cup. Almost there but so hard!
Avocados are ripe when they're dark green & give just a little when you press. Fruit in general is ripe when it gives little.
The 1st murder conviction obtained through fingerprints was in 1892 (Argentina). A mother killed her 2 children, leaving her print behind.
You just inspired me and my whole generation - Chris Tucker
Everyone appreciates my husband (the musician) when he is not there...LOL. The music shouldn't have an effect on your praise...ijs
Get it out of your glove, Ramirez...come on.
chill out u know me I go to ur school. But I bet u can't find out who I am.
I'm Dancin tonight.... Playlist the way u move by Ne-yo..... And Ambition by Wale.....
It's true GDocs is way nice... do you use the whole suite? I use spreadsheets and docs, but I've seen cool uses of forms too...
is mt amazing cousin! i love him to death!<3
I strongly dislike Ron Artest! Worldpeace my ass
I'm living just fine lol
Might crack a smile but ain't a dam thing funny...
I am Annie all weekend, come out to the college and see me in Annie, Jr on Broadway.......I am So Excited! Dont want it to end!
Its always one ugly nigga in the barber shop that got a ugly laugh
I hate it .. “: loves the illuminati lol”
Congrats to design students Liz Reuter and for your winning designs at this year's
Thank-you so much, that is very kind. I really enjoyed doing the Q&A.
“ Its my uncle birthday! Shoutouts to !”| Thanks babes
hello who wants to deliver me chicken n00ds soup please and thank you
She can ask for donations from local business in her county.Ask for help from local historical and state historical society.
Nothing like spending a Friday with writers to find inspiration. Great job on MWA University.
thanx for the heads up on the anonymous hacking story
So frustrated right now. Really need to blow off some steam :[
I finally watched the last 2 epis of New Girl! He didn't move out! Yay!! Nick & Jess need to get together ASAP! Soo cute!!
The #1%ters taking their money out of the market now so it goes down & #obama looks bad before election, #gop will do what they can to win
Great work with Alex tonight! Long time coming!
Up an at every single morning
saying hi to this toe can make my life.<333
you are welcome
I did! My niece and I are psyched for the maze.
Stunning Saturday ahead! Sunny with highs upper 50s to low 60. Sunday upper 50s with increasing clouds. Home improvement or yardwork?
let my no my dude
Good morning! Hope everyone is having a lovely day! ;) Looking for a model for my event in NYC on Nov 17th. Any takers?
He want da #cake #cake #cake #cake #cake #cake!
we out at the oceanfront tonight it's real sick
Say Somethin just played last night on the radio, and there are already like 50 videos on youtube of it, haha.
Beary Basic hooded towel sets make wonderful baby gifts. Wash mitt and rubbery ducky included! Splish Splash!!
I actually did homework today! Now for "First Pie-day" and The Avengers!
perfect. And I can crash there when I want since I live downtown too :) haha
"Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought." - Henri Bergson French author, mystic, & philosopher
Not gonna happen. We got this
Grilled pork chops w/ Penzey's Pork Chop Seasoning, Sauteed Baby Red Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli. Oh and dinner rolls! Dinner is served
#GoodNight to you all and to #TheLoveofMyLife (On Twitter only)
Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
The man still makes me giggle like a school girl. Loved bit where he had all his books, movies, albums to promote. on Leno
CAN'T WAIT!!!
Watched Dispicable Me with my family.
when was the last time the gators didn't have a draftee before the fourth round?
: yes--and changing story so white folks save the day. (As always in any Hwood movie about race)
Pens v avs at 9 $2 miller lite bottles during the game. $2 bud light bottles 10-12
"Id risk anything just for you to notice me the way you notice everything else it seems. " <3
Bamboo is the largest grass in the world, in solid conditions can grow 3 feet in a day
i really don't understand the 'listed' partt. i can't get any lists to follow me :/
that's sarcasm
Grind time lets go
Party city!
Q0) Barbara Smith. Instructional Design strategy and innovation. Atlanta, GA.
felt the same way returning to Chicago. Never been so happy for a gray, drizzly day.
Sweet, I get to go to a meeting at the Old Executive Office Bldg. Never been there. Plus, gets me out of my office's All Hands meeting.
Shout out to , , , Thanks for for following! :D
"MY CAT IS THE CUTEST PERSON" -- thing i just said
Judging from the fact that I spend 80+ dollars at legends on a weeknight, I'm going to be a broke joke after tonight
Im great we have sub and she looks like she is 16 and im throwing like baby wads at this guy and girl and they look everywhere
Can't stand lies, and especially cannot stand obvious lying.
Tweet Tweet Tweet Tweet<33333
Do You Like Take A Nap Everyday?
You know it, are you going? Tom and I will be there, we will get there by 10 but will get drinks somewhere close by before SubT
blacklatern says his brother is getting two removed today ouch! Ouch!
lol. fox, cnn 'confused' by democratic votes for santorum. fun watching the despots of disinformation gag on someone else's subterfuge.
May 26th, free show at the TCC. STAY POSI
I've been busy re-doing my gaming corner... black Friday can be better the Xmas. ;o)
Thank you for a great season ! You have been my main guy since I was a toddler! Love you til the end!
Finally sent a (hopefully) decent chapter draft to my adviser. That only took two years . . .
Milwaukee tweeps: I need an A/V genius who can help us with our TV remote issues. Recommendations?
Moving back to Plainfield
i was ready 4the "farm character" to die. It was fun to watch it burn. Prison next and to find out the actress playing Michonne
yes there is? tell me gem?<3
S-w-e-e-t quote: "I like it when you smile but I love it more when I'm the reason."
I'M A PART OF #MindlessTwerkTeam LETS GO #TeamPrince lol we out
and you were nervous about not knowing what to say.... #punny RT : Want to learn more about the #rawmilk debate?
Things I should be doing < things I'm going to do instead.
either - just looking for one of those "can't put this book down" page turners! Hoping the 4 hour flight goes by fast.
feel better babes, although that's what happens when you eat to much! Get well xx
lol of course
I may not be able to change the whole world but I can change the world for one person - Mother Teresa
I appreciate him keeping team here but other than letting Moore rebuild the minors he has been terrible owner
thanks for the follow. Always learn so much from you!
OMG were going to have a new family member yay my aunts pregnant 
it's a hand dryer!
I love how people (including me) are so dramatic now. We get a paper cut and start screaming "IM GONNA DIE OMG IM GONNA DIE" hahha calm down
This morning w/ because 1 person really can make a difference!
I'm buying my ticket to the drake concert in about .7 seconds don't back out on me
Just saw somebody try to hail a bus
Maybe Francona will now go the way to Damon, Boggs, and the Babe: to the Bronx. And would someone please throw at Carlos Guillen?
try again
did you just see me stuck in that maze cursing up a storm? Yea, that was me
I’m working in Moscow & tweeting on I think this is the first time a NASA tweet has come from here. Cool.
aww! Still remember when the kiddos did that to my stapler. Can't read your school tweet anymore, makes me :-(
a modest 1,000. I'm desperately trying to focus on consistently hitting it!
haha find me an outfit to wear so we can go out!!!
I hate not sleeping! -_____-
Over-thinking ruins you. Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry & just makes everything much worse than it actually is
I've wanted to for years, just can't pull the trigger. Any ideas yet?
Welcome to twitter Coach:)
Crazy day. Crazy life.
I'm from Detroit
peer review may be good, as long as the peers are in the field & not superimposing CS values on bio code.
can uplease make me the most happiest girl ever! Follow back <3 pleaase
Edmonton tops Portland in WHL finals opener - The Spokesman Review
Olympic 4x100 final will be rocking ---> “: and the entire final eight under 49. #deep”
Congrats, !! So exciting :)
yup. What are you doing?
Or Mitt for that matter?
I just woke from a hard nap.
Ithyphallophobia is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis. #odd facts
Hoping everyone we know in Oslo is OK. - we're so glad to hear that you are safe. Our thoughts are with you all.
Redefining Public Relations in Age of Social Media Redefining Public Relations for Social Media Age Redefining Public Relations for a New
Even the second team gets into the act Detroit Football is back...
Please believe he don't love that hoe
Score! I will be in touch.
RT : Harvard Study says tweeting and Facebook release hormones similar to having sex! Feel free to tweet me. Multiple times
“: #Leo is warm, generous, open spirit, and makes strong leaders.” Both Buffettes Founders are Leo's! ☝
Let's hear "I Burn" by the Toadies!
I have no energy today.
Thank you for the RT!
Summer Shape Up starts today! Are you signed up??
got me a 18 pack of some
I AM A SPECIAL BOY
Just finished a 3.5 mile run and we're off to the movies.
Barry needed to avoid the fence but instead he hung out there too long. Up til that point this was the best hes looked in a long time
me too
I'm really gonna feel salty if coach makes me run the 200m tomorrow
Do not surrender to this. This too shall pass.
if you put quotes around "twitter" or "tweet" I'm bound to think you're like 80 years old
Don't consider what the world requires; think about what makes you come alive.
I like the idea of a full year of student teaching. Would need to be paid. Once again
Cooking for my mom ;)
Awwwh); haha I think it's so much fun!!(:
Laura Morris
.. that yes, even now, He is there." -Gloria Gaither
We never change do we?
did a spot with Quinton J. where he said in so many words you "Are fake, overly critical, & 'blow' BJJ guys."
Hey Emily, asked me to contact you about my new project called cellhelmet. We are at ctia. Love to meet up if possible.
I forgot the Rox were playing - thanks for the reminder. I was almost in a coma watching the NFL Draft.
RT Wish I could be there | : Celebrating #NPGD at the #ABQ BioPark! Beautiful day!”
"OMG, I'm completely in LOVE with that t-shirt!" *sees the price* *sadly walks away...*
did my bag make it?
undoubtedly he would be both. But we have no evidence that it would be OK with kins, or that he is any good at 1b
Headed to Galveston, TX! Playing at The Loading Dock tonight. Big Bike Rally - should be wild!
Bout to fire up Rock Band with and !
either way love is pretty cool I'd say!
Y'all should follow one of Chicago's underrated stand-up comics, Chris Damen. He only looks scary. Maybe not.
": Shout out to thanks for following"Your Welcome #TeamFollowBack.!! <3 :)
Stick with it for a month or two. You'll still go back but you'll find a lot more to like.
You cat to be kitten me right meow!
I'll be here when mike comes up, I didn't realize his trip was next weekend.
#Blackparentsquotes if you get hurt, I'm not ringing you to the hospital, I'm leavin' you there!
Technology has allowed them to be better connected to the world, college access, and more collaboration between teacher and students.
Really with this paper that I forgot was due by midnight. I really need to start reading correctly..
Aw I'm so sorry Angel was an amazing and beautiful dog us Mahomies are gonna miss her:( #RIPAngel </3
Were u been at haven't seen u for days
history shows that as our troops transition, US commitment on civilian partnerships and development have not been as robust. "a big mistake"
Show us what your snackin on right now Detroit! Tweet us pics of your
It's been kind of wintery lately...good weather to curl up with a book. Any suggestions?
wow, that's all bad. I'd stay away from them too.
Cheers to local beer!
wats up how u been
Why not 1 of each!!! :) After all the #derby is on #CincodeMayo!! Celebrate BOTH!! :)
Fantastic...just fantastic....SMMFH
thank you so much for your retweet!!!
oh. Well I mean everyone is getting kicked out of there cars, not just seniors. At least you only have 2 days left of it.
Today is definitely straight out of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode
Thanks; it's been... busy.
yeah buddy! Excited!
In the meantime, check your mailbox next week!
you guys have to get over it... This is America everyone matters .. you're going to let magic slip away because of it?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Busy day showing homes all over Portland and spending time with daughter.
Sometimes it's hard to avoid the happiness of others. Assael, David
it just came out how about walgreens?walmart?
TunnelFact #16: 90 Feet of Tunnel = the Seattle P-I (at it's $90M asking price). www.tunnelfacts.com
I don't eat pork I only eat bacon lol
Damn. That means a lot.
In life, when your not sure of your move, talk to the Creator(God) and He will guide you! -CJ
Can't wait to truly delegate. Fuck this waitin on people to do shit...smh...
you knew that! remember when you told me you knew them. introduce!
EH, you keeping me away from reading FML's #YahKnow ;D
Rochester is white like Tony Montana's nose
Would you guys rather us play Birdy's (Indianapolis 21+) or Jake's (Bloomington 21+) on Friday, February 24th?
damn shame.....
Yes nice 3
Yes! RT : RT : If you want to see a great example of a talent community, look around the room at
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
Complain complain complain....shut the fuck up
Giving medication isn't as simple as it looks.
Hey, hey Josh, hey you should tweet more.
I agree! is excited too! RT #indyfest cant wait to c what this "snakepit" is all about in mke! sounds awesome
Are you pimp or limp
On repeat: 'Listen' by Beyoncè
Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper!
Damn I'm bored :/
that shits weak
Why do i always wake up so early..
I might cry.
So ready for bed and it's not even 9. Try not to be too jealous of my awesomeness.
HAH HEY ITS ME UVE REPLYD TO ME BEFORE BUT U PROBS WONT NOW BUT I UNDERSTAND UR PROBABLY PACKED WITH FANS BUT THANKS ANYWAYS :)
I just bought tweetbot & I'm loving it!!!
When the weather is like this, all I want to do is listen to Pole and knit.
Also #RoryGilmore on #MadMen? Love! It!
Coke + yoga + Cubs + friends + smiling
To Write Love On Her Arms
Yeah, Sun Diego (locally owned) sells a ton of Toms, they told me in Dec.
NCN=NEED COFFEE NOW!!
First weekend without plans in ages... lets see where the day takes me.
I have to fucking hope I am able to get 3 tickets, one for me and two for my friends. She comes here June 29th.
"Fat Chicks Need Love Too .. Just Gotta Pay"
Barring any injuries, Wolves make playoffs. Thanks a lot, dick!
I'm trying to holla at you, boo!
Thanks for the easter egg hunt, at least I can say I found 100% of the eggs!
"You're like your own sun."
It's the weekend!!! Happy Friday to all. Don't forget to relax and to take care of your body :)
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
Yay! lol I felt bad for a minute there. Thought I said something wrong!
every dog has its day!!
Okay that awkward moment when my followers don't answer me
Thank you, sir!
I'm in a sea of balding middle aged men!
All good things are wild and free ;D im wild, thats just me :* Live, Love, Party ♥
It's not hard to sacrifice something for someone but it's hard to find that someone who deserves your sacrifice.
What are the odds Newt announces he is suspending his campaign at a zoo.
Day 2 pitches to begin in minutes. Looking for some great books.
The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling and even more beautiful is, knowing that you are the reason behind it
please reply to me.. I feel so bad I'm not a hoe or anything I don't flirt with guys that have gf's but I didn't know..
Wow. Feeling lucky to have the opportunity to work with so many incredible people
Good moring Dalton! Stopping by to say hello. Best wishes for a super week. Take care my friend.
when the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie you're on acid
someone's gotta give..how 'bout you?
To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life. W. Somerset Maugham
Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.
I know!
It's in OP near Panara it's called Francesca's
I didn't feel like going
$3.15 for a club soda and lime? How much would the Marriott charge for the lime alone?
You know I go good with some wine, right?
ever thus for human avian relationships. Even Zeus when incarnated as a swan had problems what can a mortal pigeon do!
Hey there, #JoeBlow. Why don't you come in off the street?
ok.....handle that bruh
I'm in an NYC cab and the radio is talking about you! I knew You'd be the #xfactor success!!
Watchinq Video's:)
It's morning and I'm so happy to be on the planet
you're strange but I love it!
I'm changing the name of my "Social Media" folder on iPhone to "Mind Games."
& the Shrines or BBQ? I'll take Shrines.
"so I hear, were u looking at the lonely hearts section?"
Is Your Traffic Mix Efficient? - ClickZ
Nice recovery 4 miles in Cheviot Hills to start the day. Not counting Fri's 100 yd dash, I have 2 more easy runs before my race
We also like "Letter to Hermione"
O yea.. & for all u #Bulls haters, What the fuck is up? Lol <=TECHNO=>
that's awesome!
What's happening?
bookies still takin' money
Chef geoffs next wednesday with reply to confirm
EA is especially bad for that. Just let me play NHL 12, guys!
what are you working on?
is the smartest person ever! :b
Horseradish FTW
I hate when I'm laying on the floor and trying to move my legs out my cats way when he just walks the direction I'm moving in. Bastard!
Ma heart heart i cant deal wit it i dnt want it to b like dis i worked so hard for dis i put ma heart n soul n dis n i got to let go
4/20/2012 A.S.A.P. & PhiLGooDEnt will be throwing down once again @ T.R.C.A.'s for #HipHopHouseParty! Live performances! 3Kegs! Jello shots!
We can only hope!
#Codemma all the way :D
along with attacking basically my whole body, organs & nerves, it has wrecked my spine. Just had new x-rays & MRIs....
If you haven't heard it yet Listen to Ms. Frankie Rose's - Interstellar! One of the best albums i've heard in awhile :)
I like Target so I hope they make it right.
Is everyone at Super Sunday? I'm at the bookstore and its awfully slow in here...
STAIND Rock Style 'Singer-Songwriter' needed for 'Major Film Project'. (Serious inquires only, please ) email:
RT : Save the date: April 19 is Pt. 2 of our Civil Writes workshops. Educational and creative ways to #FantheFlame!...
there's at least one (web) archivist here: (i've seen some other umd ischool folks, as well)
": ": Someone grab me a shirt!!! #clippers".....Fuck your punk ass shirt" lmfao
- wish I could go. Looks so good!
Just interviewed a drummer with an amazing goatee and mustache. Couldn't stop looking at it.
Two different kinds of marathons in NYC today. The #NYCMarathon and the #reinventlocal hackathon
!video cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
Cleveland Browns Take Trent Richardson and Brandon Weeden in ...
Rock County driving reporters on deadline crazy as website goes down again
what'd y'all do?
Woe is me. Jk I don't know who the fuck woe is.
I'm with you on that. Tomorrow can only be better.
One Day when I tweet...I'll get paid too
Jason Smith is a punk wtf is wrong with the Hornets fans
In fact, may be better that way. With no real #NHL MVP star aside from Quick, LA lime-light will never burn solo
Just heard an Aramark manager refer to students as "customers".
I'm in love with and no one and nothing will ever change that!
I need someone to come do jumping jacks on my back! #SoMuchTension :(
: I miss Dunkin - there isn't one in Neb.
Go see
KnowledgeLake Supports SQL Server 2012 Enhanced Performance Capabilities Within The KnowledgeLake Product Suite
And YOU are the best one for the job! :)
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
Flat fee realty fees getting squeezed - fidelity flat fee down to $249
perks of living in a city, food delivered to my door
The text I just sent >>>
I smell feet.
Follow me on Instagram!
it's where some guy fucks all these girls who wanna be porn stars but never calls them back haha
I want people to to say that the bride looked stunning in mossy satin, yellow reflective tape, and timberland boots.
And now to explore trade options to get rid of Tim Tebow, truly shows what kind of loyalty that teams have for their players...
Just got back from beautiful california where I have been recording/filming new music and videos at Spirits Unlimited Fantasy Studio!!!
He could have a real "moment" with it. :)
#Vibrato is an informal dance between air and tone. The hand of #breathing strokes the #voice. #singing #opera #classicalvoice # music
Final day of #MDFF12. Seeing GAYBY at 5p and of course, the closing night film DARK HORSE with guest Todd Solondz!
Circle podcast from 2008 with and DJ Feva seriously making my Friday amazing right now.
but will has favorited my tweets so he reads them
ah! yes. actually i had thought about hosting a huge clothes swap when i move next month. lots of ideas around that. :)
awesome!!! I am a total #pbl convert. kids were into it, being creative, monitoring each other, coming during lunch to...
Follow Jesus .....
same here!
you are probably right. Looks like it's right up my alley!
"Success is never convenient and easy"~ Dani Johnson
Party animal... like me
Constance: "But now there are no more virgin plots. We live on top of each other. That's California now... and that's the world."
Come on, #Bruins, you need to focus, bear down, and play to your abilities! Despite injuries, you are better then you have been playing.
Don't you mean Rick Rac Rock and Rolling?!?
Watching AAGL Events now
Dude do you remember when we went to Nautica to see Everclear and Offspring! And when I crowd surfed & got drilled in the eye!
OH MY GOD!!! I love you, thank you so much for following me! Can't wait to see you at :)
It is now my life's goal to see Camel Spiders
My heart stops everytime tweets <3
Having #Nostalgia watching The Lizzie McGuire movie! :D tweet me xoxo
Need some retail therapy to cure the rainy-day blues? Come see us! Lots of fab new clothing & accessories in store.
& no one can take that away from me.
Lost All My Contacts . Again -.-
I see mental lapses. How do you get a lay up opportunity on the other end of a free throw?
Why do movie tickets cost an arm and leg now???
New report linking diet soda to strokes. Just another reason to put the sugar and acid combo down!
U know u had a good workout yesterday when everythin u worked out is sore
Nothing breaks your concentration more quickly than abrasively loud soccer moms spewing trivial nonsense about their everyday lives.
I'm going to force to take the train up there with me :-)
When passing to a cutter coming off a screen, read the cutter's AND screener's defender. Will cut down on turnovers.
Saw How to Succeed today. You are ah ah ah...brilliant!
Happy hour in full swing Milwaukee! Half off at the bar, excludes bottles!
RT They say there are no atheists in foxholes, & this is a good argument against atheism. Better argument against foxholes.
Is it socially acceptable to deliver bad news via email?
MOVIE NIGHT!
have a good show, but Pechanga sucks. Google 'tribal disenrollment'. Boycott vicious dictators.
Just left Jackson. Next, Bama, for shopping <3.
I am planning already to go next Easter or even for a week over the Christmas holiday. Had such a good time this time.
I wish I could get to inbox zero.
Knowing me, I would too lol
so true
Richard Branson you have not achieved success at success at success. You can do so much better.
Are you a local #sandiego #lajolla company that is interested in promoting a successful campaign with ? DM me your email!
his hips don't lie...
thanks, looking forward to it!
Game on!! Let's go
hit the follow button and
We Are Starting To Plan The 3rd Annual Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville In September! Stay Tuned.
RT : drive puts the Clippers back in front 45-44 w/ 7:31 to go in 3Q // Catch the game on ABC or KFWB 980AM...
If it makes you happy I'll just keep my eyes open and pretend I care about what you have to say.
I cant wait till tomorrows over just so i can relax
hey beautiful. Hope the day is goin well ;)
I sluffed my third period, went to the gas station for most of my sixth period, and my friend came to my seventh.
dam its been a min
Now your just somebody that i used to know.
why? anyways is 2 days as well!
I like to see people happy!
Students having silent discussions on paper used #socmed tools, #hashtags and likes - 21st meets 20th c. for great discussion!
Thanks for helping. We love our volunteers and hope to have you back! RT : I thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at the !
What doesn't shake me, doesn't wake me.
I'm in the 2nd group and we start at 8:30.
thanks for the mention!
Hwy 24 sign #5: BIG DADDY FIREWORKS - Best bang for your buck
we would luv to send you our tasty biscuits....how???
There should be two terms trending tonight for sure #Clippers and
Snagged axhamgames on FB. Wanted axham, but was taken by someone whose name it wasn't. time for shuteye. no can #gamedev for a week. :-(
RT : I think my guy jus got on a fucking classic. Smh fuck I know he did S/O
Of course! Have a great weekend :)
Someone turned Fergie into a Rock em Sock em robot & will.i.am to a Borg. Sadly, it didn't improve their performance.
I would get bounced so quick from Idol haha
Tried to pet the guy sitting in front of Amoeba Music wearing a 4AD t-shirt and eating peaches out of a plastic bag and he bit me :(
ROFLMAO! 's updates. He's all up in the trending topic #whatimreallysaying & I'm RTing & laughing!! This kid's funny
Curious - do you keep bee's for pollination reasons, of just because? I've always wanted to do it but not had the space.
Correct, I invited two dozen LOCAL friends. And I *did* tweet about it earlier, so y'all would know! ;)
Droop also easier to spell. Lol.
Yo lester!!!!! where you been the streets is on fire in b-more
it's weird to think that i dream about so many random people. i wonder if anyone dreams about me.
After slumbering through a 100 million years we've eventually opened our eyes on an opulent planet, bountiful with life.
hey Alex, thanks for the follow. Stay tuned, we are making great music
fishers dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors fishers indiana dryvit companies fishers, fishers dryvit companies, dryvit repair fishers
Nice!.....B'fast looks awesome! Enjoy.--Happy Mothers Day !
“: oh haha i thought thats what you meant #whydououliveinchicago?” I'm coming after work foo!
I wonder how hard it is to be the annoying Geico Gecko voice impersonating an annoying Philly accent.
Up can't.sleep....call me
Saw this on backend: "While the world try to fight me, pharisees try to stone me. I'm Tebow in the 4th qtr, they can't hold me!"
no, Ethan is fired. Lmao
I never knew eating seafood fettuccine was so fun! I haven't used this many utensils since I met that backpacker in Poland!
yes lunch sounds good:-)
dear everyone I'm texting, I'm peeing right now... right as I write you back saying, "right on! haha" love, B.
The books are better the movie does a pretty decent job actually
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
got a new camera for Christmas from the boy :)
Closing early ...nine o clock ...
Periodically I recall telling , in total sincerity, that I really, really like guys that are shorter than me and I laugh. Hard.
I'm feel VicBieberous
O! We want to hear: Submit your language love stories to !
We got in the studio. Can't wait to show u all what we're working on!
Interesting, why Malcolm? #JustCurious...RT : Malcolm X
If it looks this good, I wonder how it tastes.
just mystery skyped w/ a former student who is studying education - he did a pres on using skype in the classroom!
Excited for worship this AM @ #TPC. After an INCREDIBLE week in Haiti I LOVE being at my home church!
Did you hear that Thomas Kinkade died?
Unfollowin a lot of people...
yay went to my "singing lesson" today to practice for the talent show!!! :) #sopumped also getting a new canon camera soon for my videos <3
Done with practice. Now going to the recital thingy.
| thanks for the follow Mario!
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at CMP!
Anyone know why eastern and pebble is shut down with all sorts of police activity?
Everytime you attend a social media webinar instead of performing a google search, God kills a kitten.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Right next to Mixture on Kettner in Little Italy. Cute little creative loft space.
I have everyday
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code y5pu2)
Sonic Architectonic Jan 27 - Feb 18 SONIC ARCHITECTONIC is a mixed media exhibit exploring the architecture of sound in art. Some of...
Ive lost my chance.
Follow me if you think I'm cute
we missed your tweet. Will you be anywhere this evening?
Got my 3,000th Facebook fan yesterday. Now if they each sent me 10 bucks...
Orange Leaf with my best friends after Zumba is pretty much perfect!
lol, I live in Richmond
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. James Dean
Try our delicious Mexican Chicken Parmesean Torta!! plantain and coconut breaded chicken with cheese, lettuce, tomato and guacamole mayo!!!!
lucky!! it's still cold in Chicago! brr! And the rain D: lol how's everything?
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
Today is such a #blessed day. Hundreds of Fern Creek Elementary students are here to pack meals for other kids in need.
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
We took a week off but S.I.N. and Tango Lessons resume this Tuesday. Come check it out!
Sorry we missed the #MM S/O's, they'll be coming a little late this week... Possibly in the form of #FF's...
yes why?
Im Done Tiarra Aint This What We Said Lastnight That Shit Is Pitiful<<<<<<
Exactly. Me too.
just woke up, sick :(
lowes got some raggedy equipment...
Vormetric Delivers Near Zero Overhead for Enterprise Encryption
Is your biz "growing like gangbusters?" is a Chicago-based #Microsoft #Citrix #PaloAltoNetworks partner w/ custom solutions 4 u!
hahaha I would have brought them back
“: thanks lian. means a lot coming from you”
I like boyzzzzzz
Mine were so good I sold them.....I still have a few.
follow me on instagram
Biggest benefits of cultural heritage tourism are strengthening of local economies & preservation of a community’s unique character
People irritate me... alot.
The shins radio on pandora ehile editing and finishing final projects.
Also, how did we come up with names for things? I would have never called a horse "horse". I would have called it a "Wingless Pegasus."
I pick them and put them down, my feet. 3 more miles in the log book. I forgot how sore you can get!
I LOVE #WhoppiGoldberg!
Straighten it Out mix is seriously ill, nice work
Taking my tractor to break out a small slab in Spring, Texas off of Treshwig Road. I will recycle the concrete we break out.
This little blonde kid that's always moving in on my seat wtf man
No set backs, im out with the old in with new!!!
“A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
Running out of O2 on a sat sucks. Guess its life saying u need a break. Anyone need some heady pieces?
Awe. Some. Awesome! :)
I was lying when I told you it didn't matter.
#dailythanks Friday. With very minimal weekend plans.
Selling homes.
he concierge desk is a fertile information ground!
Seski brush fur with pine cone to make handsome for that day!
the birthday is tomorrow.
RT remove toxic people from your life - eliminate those who seek to exploit and hurt you
Well it says you're following me.
soldiers quartered in citizens homes: no one can be forced to keep soldiers in their home in times of peace.
That new Pepe Bradock, imbroglios part 1. This is what's hot en los barrios!
Is today the Derby?
Does Climax HAVE to be playing on EVERY station right now ?
Fanny pack needs to go... If rng goes home ill CUTT A HOE.
Back at ya, sweetie. xo
It's I love you
i don't know how i feel about oranges
Summit I is over. THANK YOU to all who participated and attended.#Collaboration #Best_Practices #HomelessSummit - It's All for the kids
#boyfriend number 1
lol it was well worth the good time! Can't wait to see you guys again in January
They'd probably end up in jail regardless.
Tastes like
The new logos and color (or lack of) scheme for are FANtastic.
Happy Birthday to the awesomest guy who can't skate that good but who can sing like there isn't anything to it! Happy Birthday
When you have 5 bucks to your name, maybe you SHOULDN't be visiting Redbox.
lmao you're one to talk
Music is everyone's paradise because reality is just too much.
10k was always my favorite race to watch at the Big 12 meet. Especially when the Colorado guys would get mowed down.
I grew up loving Bop and Tiger Beat in the 1980s! Thank you for being a part of my childhood!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAMES FRANCO! <3
yes, and yes.
Like your Georgetown hat. Go Hoyas and Otto Porter
“: Wish I was cuddled up again with #oomf :/” but like for real where's #ooyf you stay needing someone to cuddle up with
#maythe4thbewithyou sorry I am a day late !!!!!!!!!
Come On by Green River Ordinance. yup, perfect.
Working Turner Hall for LIGHTS. Sadly, the people waiting in line look to be about 12. This is not gonna bode well for my desire to drink.
haha idk either. and we thought we were awesome with our sidekicks
dude calm down
I just got it today, though I've been out of the library since Thursday. Thanks!
well I wanna suck on you're nipples until I or you fall asleep but we don't always get what we want do we?
“: Who should i write this stupid capstone letter too” ray
hmm gym today && then hanging wid Will ( :
you are such a freak with numbers. It blows my mind how smart you are... Tell everyone at the office I said hi :)
Oh really? Okay, I have to make it down there to see you. We were just there 2 weeks ago.
Damn .... Tryna Kill Me In Here
Please join us: Master Plan Mtg Forest Hill and North Broadway Cherry Blossom Welcome Center Branch Brook Park, Newark, NJ May 15th(Tuesday)
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3
Nah, don't wanna look at him that way.. That's against the rules. -___-
The last day of the semester is over! Have a great summer #cua!
#bufferule We (liberal) have great ideas that don't con't to hurt the poor & vanishing middle class!
Great event this morning with ! Thanks for joining us et al.
:) RT Thank you so much Emily. You just sent that energy right back and I'm grateful. ThankYOU! #lovely xo
OKAY OKAY (: heheheh sounds like a plan =p
The camera work in the Skills Challenge is horrible. Not able to see what's going on half the time.
LOL. You know, that could be taken to mean he calls at the same time. You're just taking a different approach. ;-)
Hahahaha! I'd have a BLAST with your kids! :)
Don't worry, he talks about much more than the tunnel in tonight's debate. ^jh
Deception is the only felony..
haha of course I do (:
Desperate but effective! Haha! Big thank you!
So you're back on Tumblr. When did this happen?!
ahahaha what?? I've never been told that!
Tomatometer Watch: Battleship People couldn't believe it when it was first announced but here we are, a movie adaptation of the Hasbro bo
Hey, I was at your table at the $200 WPT Friday. GL in the rest of the tournaments.
So I guess the good thing about living in a hurricane zone is that I can report on it?
Been looking at butterbeer recipes from Harry Potter/Universal but none have marshmallow or mcreme. Topping tasted like marshmallows, right?
What's up everyone?! Just got back from another great trip to Vegas and LA. Anyone looking for great places to go, hit me up
idk maybe I just don't know what day, why?
Big S/o to all the people that took their precious time to unfollow me...thank you so so much:):)
RT “: Hammocks actually improve sleep quality and make people fall asleep faster.” it all makes sense now..
Ikr I'd be so skinny!
Happy Birthday lovechild
If TSA staff need to keep announcing flights to pull people out of line in time, it's a good indicator that you're doing it wrong.
probably as much as I hate that girl from impanema song -.-
Seeing WCAR for the first and probably last time on Friday
eBook prices will remain at this level, or fall, if we don't find a way to add value to ebooks. - Joe Wikert - Margin Walking
3 charasteristics of a crisis: 1. information asymmetry 2. decisive change 3. highly undesirable outcome
um yes. I guess lol. Hit me with details. Miss u xoxo
The Tooth Fairy teaches kids to sell their body parts for Money.
As long as ALA continues with the circle jerking, the profession will stagnate.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
RT kufeltfgs4 As a Christian any sacrifice you make (money, time, instant gratification) is small compared to the
: Tension between success of 2 kinds in ed--to empower all students, AND to sort students in meaningful ways. Both valid!
Miss ya bro!
GREAT WIN ! Thank you!
Put on your bowling shoes and check us out at fireside bowl! Lots of awesome music! Bad bad meow plays at 9:30
Ravens LB Terrell Suggs wins AP NFL Defensive Player of the Year award.
Headed to The Bay..
Shout out to all the bloggers who blogs about Luxe Essentials. We heart you!
Lol, seriously. That's a deal-breaker!
I'm freezing my buns off at this playground! Isn't it supposed to be May tomorrow? Where's the sunshine and warmth?!
I'm always in the friend zone, I never get past it
These international students kill me quit walking down the street that's what a side walk is for
Hi Eddie, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
I just wanna be happy
I can't wait to see the #TheSimpsons episode tomorrow!!!!
Great evening event "Black History Month Dinner: "An Evening with the Blues" Well done!
I've been told today I sound like a very attractive man.
Canyon Group chenille robes make great holiday gifts, and you will love our generous return policy! www.rosegardenboutique.com
Pedroia & Cody Ross = hair club for men :>) or.. I'm told manly men go bald early
We have to go hard in Cormans. Boy scout this shit.
And if you ain't know, I go by Tity-Two Necklace.
Britney Spears music will always be played in my car. Loudly.
Right When My Phoe Starts To Work Again, I Text Like Everyone Then 3 Hours Later It Won't Work Again .
hey girl! I membaaaa you! It's been going fantastic! How are you doing?
plus heir hand always ends up awkwardly place on your boob
s/o to Atlanta girls p.s stay trill
Name the song! Subway's no way for a good man to go down Rich man can ride and the hobo he can drown... try to be honest and NOT google...
What are we doing here?
I love www.YourVersion.com, especially the Iphone App, it's a great service! Keep on rocking! :)
"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance." [Aristotle]
art gallery worthy?
What we mean by :: takes place. IntraWorldly occurrence. Even this :: whoever tried to build a city by selling art? Irremediable :: realism
Swam al day(: tired...
#NP Outstanding- The Gap Band > this is my shit lol
I must say your class was the bomb today! Now i know how get fighters to be champions
:Greatest name for a donut shop EVER: Glazed and Infused!Opens in April in Chicago.We got to try them & are now obsessed!
One of your favorite Seinfeld characters on in minutes! Tune in!
Going abroad this fall? Have a great internship? Just love CSU? Think about blogging for MyCSU. Direct message us if you're interested!
I get lost in open spaces:)
Save the date for "The BBQ" -Labor Day weekend!
do tell
Good luck with the Mifflin crowds today.
LETS DO IT.
From grant application feedback: "Judge X gave you a 10/10 for cohesion, a 10/10 for execution, and a 4/10 overall." Sweet guy, Judge X.
lol. I'm gonna let you know when I'm boutta go to Sleep.
when do you get out?!
the world may never know
Hope everyone is having a great afternoon!!!
Life is like a Pop Quiz, will you be ready when it presents you with unexpected tests & opportunities? Stay Sharp & ready to take action.
i know i know i kid :)
Happy Opening Day! Giants defending the Crown
COA's patio is THE place to be for Sunday brunch!!!!! Try one of our delicious specials like the refreshing Acapulco Shrimp Salad :)
S/O to its her birthday <3
Uploading videos is so boring...
Thanks! ;-) RT : We love our past, present, and future marketing interns! , &
OMG!! We had pervs. at my soccer game looking at our asses and they were 19 or 20 and we are 13-14!!!
Thank you - I needed to read this right now.
Hope not! All this spam is incredibly annoying
Home sick with the dog, Annie, and the laundry...
Last day to Rock Hard/Soft Rock! Check out the final countdown before you miss the show! You've got about an hour!
Greg I met you over a year ago at a art gallery opening. I hope all is well - we discussed #Australian #embassy parties?
Get ready for a picture dump guys. First up, BOWLING pics.
Can you guys please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !? That song is sick!
Konstantine, for that one time,
whatever bro haha
Finally a day off tomorrow. Thank Jesus.
good call on gvoice - looking into it now
At the social media chairs event learning from the other societies...
oh i feel
Entourage is a better email experience than Outlook. Actually happy to receive messages. So much so that I'm reluctant to go to the office.
Nice. Well, I'm looking to upgrade as soon as a quadcore hits T-Mobile.
missing your voice in #KeyWest!
Goodyear Tire Swings to Loss - Wall Street Journal
You experience more when you live free
I sent you an invite for the demo
When do u get here !?! can't wait to reunite and possibly relive some of our old nyc memories ;)
good luck...what are you doing for the rest of the day tomorrow?
No. It won't. The rejections do pile up and you run out of space in your home eventually. But it's all good.
Leaving for Cali tomorrow night for a bjj/Kenpo tourny wish me luck!
me too :-) anything for me is good
Hears "take this job and shove it" at 745 am... Must be time for the WTJU Rock fundraising marathon!
“: I have a feeling this is going to be a good year. Welcome 2012. Let's have some fun.” Yeah boy
SFO, here I go!!
Everyone Needs to follow For The Best Tweets
Not holding back for no one anymore
don't count them. They double 😁
giving honor to god and saying a prayer for everyone in the world
At the meeting. They really let
“: RT me some good luck got my last final of the semester bright and early this morning” I hope you fail
no problem
Like #Health & #Fitness? Visit Operation Fitness this SAT May 12! Get a #FREE #MASSAGES from
Open Auditions on May 28 at COCA. More info to follow.
some ppl r so stupid.smh a person life isn't a joke
Digging all the retweets and shout outs. You guys are awesome! <3
God will never leave me or forsake me.
We forget 80% of what we learn everyday
Great action on that Barca goal. 1-1 in El Clasico. Love it.
Driving & Tweeting At Each Red Light ^...^
Hales on urban renewal: We should be able to declare victory after 20 years
: ( RT : Layoffs approved. SD board of ed votes 5-0. This means 1633 jobs cut.
I've been wondering about it and I love Ski ball!!!
"We should not be defined by what we have; but by what we give others, or help them to get." Justice Michael L. Douglas
As a wise man said "Aim for the mountains so that when you miss the stars, you can always sell off the wreckage." Hello, retail applications
we need to get together!
We're open for business! , newest independent bookstore opened yesterday!
Wade traveled there!!!
Looking for ELA teachers interested in collaborating on #flipclass panel at #ncte12 in Vegas. Proposals due Jan. 20.
this my b day week
get on oovoo
Just dreamed up a new ad campaign for 101 Creative. I'm looking forward to designing it across web, print and video. Should be lots of fun!
Elton John and Flavor Flav... Good combination
Fuck all of the haters, really though. I have respect for people, but if you're not gonna accept his apology then just sit the fuck down.
All my friends are at Avengers, whatever that is.
Be Jack Nicholson's conjoined twin or have everything taste like a slim jim
thanks for the kind words!
I sent them out to you today :)
it would be like using a pink ribbon to market yourself. Callous.
wassup , we makin it happen
the money??
Totally agree! I so excited.
| Wow! Im going home now... just completed me. Thank you!
Being the way that you are is enough ❤
Since PDS signed on with HubSpot in April 2010, they have achieved the following results:
If you believe it is stolen, please contact 911. 311 can only take the request once the registration or inspection expires.
Girls basketball | Chicago Tribune 2012 All-State first team - Chicago Tribune
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
Today find us at the Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 from 11 am - 2 pm!! It's a great day to be hungry!!
Happy Birthday !
Doesn't look like we'll know until a little after 8pm tonight, IF then... We're going to try to push the guy into moving tonight.
I wore "Play it as it Lays" last wknd
Amazing and unforgettable night in #baltimore last night. Going to miss this town.
Ride around with nina $$$cash out
#FF More outstanding members!
I thought you'd never ask!
Happy Anniversary! Thanks for sharing your special day with us!
First Friday is around the corner! R2K Studio has so much to offer, such as $75 in studio credit for all local photographers that stop by!!!
I will keep HBO longer if the Jets are on Hardknocks again.
Overheard at church: "He learned the photon torpedo from Henry." - Boy, 6
Young journalist, with MBA's, making less than $60K are not jouralists. They are boring as hell and incompetent
RT Nice weather guys, lets have the internet outside today...
I wish I was a black girl so I didn't have to shower my hair
Day 2 of the PGA Fall Expo in swing. If you havent already check us out booth 1120 & ETC9.
swear though it was me.
JOEY DORSEY, THROW IT DOWN BIG MAN!
bo I'm not approved for the #AT&T #upgrade at $250. How many people have I convinced to get an #iPhone?! did i say BO?!?!
I got my whole weekend booked
After the show it's the AFTER PARTY, hotel lobby, etc
Walker"Balanced Budget"lie = budget has longER term debt service, incurring greater interest costs for state @ higher rate. Child's Future?
DS: LMAO MLB is voiding the Orioles' signing of the 17-year old Korean pitcher. If they could void Peter Angelos' life I'd be fucking PUMPED
How about a red?
I want y'all to got together 👫
Dear Fairy Godmother: #wine #massage #cabanaboy #sunshine needed
I wish someone would give me a box of ferrer rocher for valentines ...
Jonathan Quick is my favorite American goalie, too. Hell, he's my favorite goalie period.
Yea I might jus go ahead nd sell it..I need some money anyway
Maria, great meeting you today! Justsayin' lol (:
you boys make us proud everyday!♥ Love you,! (:
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 58
“: The biggest obstacle between the and an undefeated season is the texans inthe superbowl #GameDayMorning”
A cold beer and a burrito sounds damn good right about now.
Loving time with family.
So much excitement ahead today, beginning with election results at ALA HQ and ending with belly rubs for two fine dogs in Baltimore.
That was a pretty dramatic showdown w/ Councilman Carl Stoke not budging on bottle tax.
what are freckles ?
If you're out of range for 98.5fm you can listen on kfox.com for sharks hockey!
If you sow wheat that's what you will reap, not corn.
Great event at Founders Friday in NYC tonight!
Wishing a very happy birthday to my mom. I can't wait to see you in October!
goodness only
Thank you.
Did you buy one of our owl shirts? Take a picture of you wearing it and post it on our wall!
When u don't have Sex like u use to that's all u think about, and right now she looking like fun,Have u ever heard of the chicago preztel;)
Bumpin That New Miguel Song Called "Quickie"......I May Have To Remix It -Breeze DTA...
haha omg i've never had anyone scared of me... well, not that i know about i guess!!
horrible fucking dream dreaming that your boyfriend died in your arms & crying in your dream </3 WTF Now am sad as fuck.& its not even 7am
sorry. Evenings get nuts so I disappear
you miss your life when looking at screens 24/7. There has to be a solution. Great keynote
Hello my friend! Good to hear from you! :)
How are all my #HIT friends today?
You have plenty of entertainment lol.
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! You guys have a great message to share
I like the #Nats, too. Gio has our number this season.
Barry Sanders is the honorary #lions captain tonight? Awesome! No #tigers game on any #indy station is killin' me.
"High 5ing al the fans on the way out" who are you, ?
I'm chugging red bulls.
Love you guys! I've taken my family to a number of your performances--what a great group! So glad I got to hear you on Tues.
Meanwhile we'll be watching vs in PDX.
Christina Coursey! Your kindness has floored us! Thank you so much!
Great to have you today! Hope to see you again.
Who's coming down Altar Bar tomorrow to see and myself rock it with Patron Saint
I wanna go home :-(
Picture upload failed
had a horrible day and this definitely just made it better.
I want to move there :)
A sherrif's deputy got away with murder. But the guy he killed was suicidal, so we don't really think that should count.
Greenberg: The lunch break I was afraid would not end
Congratulations to Joe Alberts for receiving the ASCE Michigan Section Frank Meyers Outstanding Civil Engineer of the Year award for 2011!
Thank you 2003 NBA Draft class for reloading the league with top tier talent. Could have been real bleek without those guys.
Will you be attending Arte Americas in 2012?
if I didn't have work tomorrow morning I would 😒
“: I hate when people are unprepared to win! Biggest night in Hollywood-if you're nominated, write an acceptance speech!”
RT : Calling NYC design writers - is hiring - email us if you or someone you know would be a good fit:...
Lol you keep thinking that but, is al mine, and no, you did not give him aids. :) back off my man nigga!
Headed downstairs to shoot some post-game locker room video for #Nuggets-#Lakers. 3.5 mins to play.
haha... Hadn't seen that one!
In Neil Perlin's session on Single Sourcing to the Max: HAT Mobile to....?
This rooster alarm on my phone must go! Scared the ish outta me!
not really! she's too fucking dumb ! & do you know the reason she did it?? >.< a GUY like tf? who does that?
no have not, I haven't bought a new game in awhile! Sounds worth it though
Definitely not feelin' being at school today.
Great HR manager opportunity in #cle. Contact me for more information.
Very Cool! And great to hear! Some amazing things happening in my life...NEVER give up on your dreams! Dream BIG friends!
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
I don't care who's your first, I only want to be your last.
Who needs NBA when we have #KU basketball?!
Virginia~ These are the souls changes. I dont believe in ageing. I believe in forever altering ones aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism.
Thank you for the introduction! Hello - looking forward to connecting!
*RT2WIN CONTEST*RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & more on 4/11!
Go #Rangers!
Henny n Coke in my cup thats what the fucks up
And, yes, I'm saying I know better than Christopher Nolan.
yes. We have tile, carpet and wood. It goes from one to the other -- even up onto area rugs.
not in Kentucky. Still hopeful,
pretty easy to get around once you keep pushing to do it
. Why won't he debate Art? He's clearly afraid of him. may use humor in his campaign but he's no joke.
#SomeOneIUseToLike tried to steal my Bacon ..Let's just say she won't try that shit again
! v.: Representing #smcsac at #connectionopolis tonight are --be sure to say hello!
Remember how Jackass had all those warnings before the show started? Does Teen Mom have those same ones?
i really don't understand why girls with NO type of booty insist on making "twerking" videos
if you ever need an outfit to match that stick up your ass....then gimme a call.
has the best tweets on twitter. Period
Of course-thanks for thinking of me. I've been doing just quick cartoons on my iPad but will bring the A-game for TTSB!
um why?
from a #sociology perspective tweeting your breakfast is meaningful. Twitter coagulates liquid modernity
nice! Lmk when you strike out, I'd love to see you :-)
write on my wall
Wait. What? Can we all skype and get caught up on Rosie's RELATIONSHIP, please!
Good to hear! Glad you are all okay.
Special welcome to the lovely ! Thanks for following us! We really enjoyed our music supervisor session with you.
Sounds interesting. If it's a donut shop I wonder if has checked it out.
and what else am I doing today?
Mothers are always right! Ppl change..
I am seriously considering selling wine in exchange for bitcoin. Someone talk me out of this.
not too shabby! Lol
YOU FUCKN SUCK!
Get better. <33
hey gerry what's up?? Anything new and exciting??
Eeekkk I cannot wait for tomorrow!!
Full and busy afternoon! Thanks for hanging out with us, peeps!
Steadfast or dead last: // Spring promises adrift like // Autumn's blowing leaves
I would settle for just one Mix.
Thank you to VMeals for providing #TBBmore with a wonderful spread!
Enjoying the weather! !
love these people too! amazing!
The director and star of MARTHA MARCY MAY MARLENE will at a screening tonight, and I have two sets of two tix. Reply for details.
Grohl is a GOD!
Do all your thoughts rest upon the idea that there has to be a "Change"?
I got the yellow fever, I'm into oriential chicks -Cade
I really didn't want that chicks number anyways , I just like getting them.
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood as sophie-anne lecerq?
watch out for rockets at 11pm Mohawk inside.
are you there Robby? It's me, god
Bad girls club ♥
window cleaners. have fun sailing.
Roger just thought my entire body was a scratching post.
suck! mean and inconsiderate!
lol it's the little smiley emotions
see also: College Football
Catching up on rss feed of tweets from on libraries, publishing, copyright, and digital. Always so much useful information.
A coward gets scared and quits. A hero gets scared, but still goes on - Anonymous
TONIGHT: and myself will be hosting PARTY UNLIMITED at Musical guests include &
i love your city when you are born ,please follow me i love italy... i'm Italian... i love you <3 follow me
Saw The Artist. Clever, original & funny - even without dialogue. Dear Hollywood: More of these, less Twilight sequels. Thanks.
#Fcat next week...
Thanks for the FF! Have a fabulous weekend :)
Great! RT : I've had 102 new followers in 2 days, thank you, I'm following you all back.
I had braces too. I didn't like them.
& btw, I'm so excited for you(: your gonna be a great mother!! being a mommy is hard work, but its all worth it!
Everyone knows that cookies have a one day shelf life. We learned that in high school chemistry class. So, eat up!
I don't start it but ill sure as hell finish it.
Cloudsnapathon today with and at
City Lights on Nov 19TH. It will be a night to remember!
As am I
That's an awesome deal! thanks for sharing.
She has plenty of #Ravens onesies all ready to go. I'll prob cave in and buy her a customized jersey at some point soon.
Congress, bought off? Shocking!
I'm just happy it's not another condo complex.
I love this. wish there was free music in downtown 'burgh everyday.
trust I accept the challenge. ; )
Wishing some team had hired Mangini this season so #Browns could trade all his mediocre players to his new team a la New York
Ah, it was! I guess that's what we call stepping on toes (no pun intended)! (lizzy - tweeting for Alma)
I can take it whatever but im in chill mood to much to handle shit on mind cinderella in my Conner I have nothing to worry about
In what, debate? RT Is Georgetown ranked 6?
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
wow jazmin you mad it seem really dumb aint that.dog there??
Sounds like a good plan! We'd love to hear about how your trip goes!
on babbba boooeey Go Big Blue!!!
Sorry about your Hawks but I liked the fedora. #GoChargers!
it's officially winter in Cleveland! #snow couldn't hold back any longer!
Dude u got sum funny jokes:D
One hour until festival time! Share your pics & experiences with the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
sex with fans d.c. followed by eminem
Congrats Josh & Cesar. The first to try out
"...Job descriptions don't belong on your resume; accomplishments do..." via
Mary! How do you change your name all the time?
what's up homie
waiting is awful but what a great mother's gift to your lovely wife if he waits until Sunday!
Hunger Games again, UK dog stomping Loserville, and possible tattage. Gonna be a good weekend.
Happy Easter from all of us !
This junt I seen in tha store today tho>>>>>>>>>>>
If you have any friends in Milwaukee, please let them know because this Saturday we'll be there! Fly Over State in Milwaukee
Equal parts nostalgia and desire to move on cancel out to stagnation. So no new blogging projects, but not reviving that one one either.
you did what? From where?
Thank you for the RT's. Abrazos!
Crisann guess what
no I'm not. Sowwy I got distracted!
Can anyone recommend some good blogs with storytime ideas? Thx
Really enjoyed and learned a lot last weekend for coaches growing their business ...
Our power was just out for four hours. Sad, how much an adventure it felt like. I will surely perish when the Omega Pulse comes.
My first NY #earthquake. I thought it was an elevated train moving the building, then I realized ... I'm on LI.
Oh, ouch and um, yay?
M... Hungry for steak tonight? Visit George's!
I have no idea where my tape went and I was just using it.
is also here at Lola VFX. No I didn't forget. I wanted Max to have his own tweet.
its in ur fb inbox right now
Tonight's title, combined with Duke's loss to 15 seed, will just about erase that. Ha
Do you think the lakers need to make a trade!? This team seems to not be cutting it.
I bet it is
To be honest "I'm sorry" doesn't mean shit to me. Don't keep saying you're sorry if you're gonna keep doing the same shit over & over again.
The smallest things can mean so much to someone without them even knowing it
I get so upset and emotional when I see these chicks on Basketball Wives always pickin on the pretiest and tiniest girl who cannot fight.
TWEETS ARE FAB
Monday already, time to get rolling. Check out our new website www.idriveadz.net. Moving advertising to mobile. This is a lot of fun.
Exams are like marathons for the brain. That's why I'm eating They sponsor the
idk put whatever you want and thanks again
I've never been so drenched in sweat! Good Workout!
Exciting game. Go #Flyers!
What about Jamie Dimon himself? (Lead by example, Jamie) $JPM
check out our new and improved site! just fill in your address and see all the restaurants that deliver to you!
This year I promise to start my obnoxiously loud new years countdown at 300 seconds as opposed to the traditional final 60 seconds.
good morning Trelly!
!!!!Go Follow ASAP
RT : More history that honors the truth about our past, present, & future will save us.
So great to meet you in StPete. loss of Dan will always remind me how important it is to let those we love know how much we do
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that saying I'm a the German word for potato as loud as you can is fun
External Resources is currently attending the Central Valley Economic Recovery Focus Group Luncheon. We value all attendees input....
Go to www.watchnhllive.com and get registered so you can watch all the live games online today for free,you must register to view links!!!
Thank you, Holly! I hope to see you in Sacramento. I have good days and bad days, but I'm hanging on.
Nice to see you yesterday
"We are all born superstars" "Who says you're not perfect" #LiveForMusic The reason why music is a part of me!
would like to close my eyes and wake up at grandmas house with the dog licking my face and tea and cake and afternoon tv .. live that dream!
Yes, she has not endorsed for another San Diego City Council race.
now we need to find some tunes. UGH!
-- hi !! See you tomorrow babydoll
Not good D':
Mega Media Xchange buys and sells pre-owned movies, video games and game systems, and music.
I do remember u!TY.Ur a treasure. RT Praying daily 4 u friend.I hope u remember me.This is christian.GOD bless u
2011 "Essentials" Grammy Gifting Lounge pictures are posting on our main website: www.sakirivodka.com
I'm getting pizza! and no to the pumpkin cupcakes because I already went to the store and I'm not paying for more
Quite a few, but I don't want to mention any project details yet as the students are still developing them.
Follow us and tell everyone to like our fb page!!!!! :)
Come hang with me and my pal the Cat in the Hat at the Meijer on Hall Rd. in Shelby Twp. now until 2 with
Sweet, can't wait to read your blog! :)
Class of 2013, good luck. You guys have by far the most ignorant and immature students ever. Hopefully Summer 2012 will mature some of you😒
A Look Behind Apple's App Store Curtain - WCYB
Every business needs cash to succeed and grow. An excellent method to help the entrepreneur to grow their business is factoring.
Warm as the sun dipped in black...
yeah u bird go eat some bread crumbs u stupid hoe
let's go back to the start and see, just how many drinks that it took for you to forget me.
my jaw is the ultimate drum machine.
a girlfriend that brings home freaks ah ha!!!!
What do you think of PERKS? For 10yrs it has been my least fave YA book.
you better be bringing some of them out west!!
do you read your mentions? (:
that would have been too much... *pause* ...actually, no. It wouldn't have been.
I doubt it will take that long. I got called into work just before 7ish. (arrived around 4:30).
of course!
Well RT : Damn wat should I do tonight
let my 2,5,7 watch Dora and was mortified at the scripted interaction. Occasional video is fine but educational tv is worst.
Damn Guys ,you're Great. i was like e_e . you've just steal my heart. Keep Going . Right !
valenites day is not about having a man its about speding time with people u love yur not forever alone <3
The Saints did, great game! Looking forward to next season now...
#same thing here just working on this music
"The less you read about #homeopathy, the more you understand it."
“ I can't even explain how relieved I feel to be a senior..I really don't think I could take another year of high school. #sodone”
Lights Out
Truth is truth, it matters not from where or who it came. If a truths origin alone is the only way to make it "So" then belief becomes void.
ppl commenting on DeadWeather-CHILL. If it was that whack, write yr own rev and get a major media outlet to publish it
Never a Charge for Diagnostic's, No Mark Up Prices on Parts!!!!
I'm tealed up! RT #TEALTini Happy Hour is finally here!! Eileen and Katie are donating all their happy hr tips!!
If the White House Correspondent's Dinner is nerd prom, then #PowerPlayers Jeopardy has to be Homecoming Week.
#someday i will..look at my computer screen and have it say "justinbieber is now following you"
thanks for the link. Working on some cool stuff here. More to come
Looking forward to "discover what our God in heaven has in store" for the last Saturday of April.
“: People are so quick to judge others faults, but never quick to point out their own.”
The goto answer is "What is winter, oppression, and/or vodka drinks you?" if you're stumped on Russia ?s.
Good Morning. Don't forget you can get 25% off your entire purchase at www.beadforlifestore.org during the month of #August. Happy
#dontactlikeyounever stared at your phone waiting on a text
Madness that a little family video could earn that much hey!?
What would you like to hear on future PatCast's? What would you like to see on our blog? Looking for feedback and ready to make new changes.
HAHAHA, that's utterly insane. I mean, insanely insane! Protest more!
Now at $83k. $17k left to go. We're going to get there! Thanks to all who have helped. The generosity of strangers is humbling to behold.
Background reports range from verification of an app's Soc Security # to detailed acct of the potential employee's history & acquaintances
Jane Austin is amazing! Can't believe I spent my whole life not knowing the wonders of Pride and Prejudice :)
#UFC break. No way Garcia makes it to round 3.
Who wants to attend a listening party? Your attendance would earn you a goblet!
regional rankings, OWU was fourth before Woo loss and Wabash upset helped them huge.
Science Daily: Growing up on a farm directly affects regulation of the immune system, study
Repost: True friends are the people who are totally aware of how strange & difficult you are but still enjoy to be seen with you in public.
I played kickball today. At least I got to cross home once. In the process, busted my ankle. Conclusion? I have no business kicking anything
Aye(; FollowBack?Please(:
That's the only super power you'd need.
If you're using the #MagicTan today, STAY DRY!! We don't want any streaky lookin' costumes ;)
PLEASE LET ME LOVE YOU
#Detroit #MFBP :: Is more then a #Lifestyle , It's a
Going to a 9/11 event.
Yeah, I'm taking the 750F on Wed...but apparently only because you're not. Thanks again. Or as they say on twitter, thx
Men In Black sounds like a porno...haha!!!!
Replacement laptop has arrived. Thank God for IT.
Excited and nervous about tomorrow night's standup comedy session
even talking about the born this way ball and seeing you brings me to my knees 💙
:) Can't wait to see you again.
99% of people aren't following me. Please follow me and
I just realized it's my birthday in 3 weeks.... eeeeeeeeeeeep!!!! Can't wait to turn 21 and FINALLY be legal to drink!
Just fell a little bit in love with the Princeton Arch Press office dog and office puppy. Yellow labs, I think. Every office needs one.
Creditors have better memories than debtors
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOLKS!!! SOMEBODY WAS SAYING DJ CITI GET'S THAT SH!T CRUNK!! OH IT'S TRUE!!! LET'S GO
happy birthday Kasee!!!!
I've gone to concerts instead of going to prom/having a birthday.I dont want to do anything else
There's a feeling of optimism in the air. It really feels like a different year, hopefully everybody channel that energy.
Wow, way to be a damn hypocrite.
attending summit. Follow them to learn what speakers are saying.
Im sorry, but i think that you dont deserve a brand new car after totaling your other one. you dont deserve anything at all.
Maybe. Can you live with Eric Wright as your starter for another season? One injury leaves them thin at DB though.
We're living in a fantasy, I feel it when you dance with me.
Yes, I thought that was quite obviious!
A alum! RT : Chemistry prof & medalist Sally Chapman has been mentor to countless Barnard students
5:30. I think will be there around 5 or so?
Happy Mothers Day I love you, Mom! See ya at the cookout :)
I'm lazy.
I didn't realize this is the hotel Ronald Reagan was shot in front of.
The hard work is in the development and pre-pro stages before one line of code is ever laid down.
things are looking really good for Season's Beatings this weekend!
i need a summer job at ritas, forreal.
Literally I can't believe my luck that is going to OMG OMG OMG, JUST MADE MY NIGHT :)
Meeting w corporate alliance colleagues today to work on brand and message strategy
Debugging tools for SP events regualr jquery debuggers: Firebug, IE debugging, Fiddler for network communication.
Uh oh. 6:30 until. RT : Going to the meeting tonight at Will try to infiltrate their ranks.
the difference is how you act as an adult. Romney is still bullying gays 27 years later.
proud beyond measure!
That moment when you polish off the 3rd glass of wine & then remember you've only eaten an apple today 😳
This makes me do upset :( I just feel like crying<\3
When that guy said stop tweeting for 10 hours he didn't mean 3 days! Where's the strobe light or alarm? D:
Ppl who are the greatest or best at what they do.... Knew it from day one and won't except anything less than the Best...
soon duh, im grounded to
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife please follow me!
i love ur status.
- I got plenty mothafuckin"
Did you make coed?
Never say never. Go Lehigh-you have heart. Yes I am watching March Madness and it is. :)
I was, but am much better now. Thank you!
Picked up some Capital Supper Club...less than two weeks left in Wisconsin. Do they even have good beer in illinois?
Thank you for the follows , #HappyWednesday!
Thanks <=follow her
The reason I listen to the tracks is to work...now that the work is done, I need to find new ears to hear the music as new again!
That akward moment when u go to certain laredo bars. See a girl u like & u say to them "Can I see some ID"
So much controversy, let's all write to mtv studios and get them to like say the honest truth or something! :D
I really need to start reminding myself more each day that life really is so short and to appreciate the beauty of it
"hey man, got any fuego?"
"The shortest distance between two points is under construction." Noelie Altito.
Go see The Help! Excellent movie!
lol my son loves that too. He sings it al day!!!
it's a shame that these are the only candidates we can find. But when you are picking from Congress and lawyers....
BlackBox and Big Medium tonight, Yay!
you are so beautiful! An with all respect your body is amazing! So so gorgeous!
"Yes, dragons happened"
hi Will follow all my friends
Crazy how much good info I've gotten just through the hash, would have been so cool to be there.
30 miles into SC , the home state, and prob 1 1/2 hrs to go til home. Been a good trip and a beautiful day to travel! Blessed!
heaven is your mother's womb
This would only have been more perfect if Anderson Cooper had the exclusive.
Sweet ! Thanks! Where are you located?
all them jobs u work lol
knicks got me tight!!!!!!
hey.. Wanna share that. (:
Oh.... That's right. Now I remember. Whew.
What are you talking about?
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf yall only together for publicity.
shouldn't you two be working? (;
I like flying. With Great training and producing session today.
#nowPlaying Kryptonite - Purple Ribbon All-Stars
: Thanks for RT.
What Did You Do ? Un-Follow Me Then Decide To Follow Me Again ? xD
At starbucks its hella nice out today. Got to love the cali weather
just gotta do what you gotta
You guys suck
We're up to 200 Likes! Thanks to all of our great customers! We'll have the drawing & announce the winner this afternoon
For wiki assns, have small groups develop sections of the site. Group leader directs the edit nature
The next day I told her I was a lesbian lmao. Sigh good gym memories.
And I was just building on it, & extending the way airports 'feel' part--especially how they 'feel' in books.
makes 2 much sense to trade Youk for a major league reliever if you get the team to take his contract. whats holding them back?
Miss you more! RT miss you already! xo
“: Almost 26 percent of U.S. adults over the age of 20 are pre-diabetics, and more than 35 percent of seniors, 60 and older.”
Woe gurl! Did I miss something?
Follow me on Instagram
If you tweeted me tonight it would make my day oh and hi your amazing lol just saying I hope one day I can meet you!(: ILY!
Text BRITNEY to UNITED(864833) to donate $10 to the St. Bernard Charity which is dedicated to rebuilding homes after Katrina. -Brit
Well, you're not making me feel any better cause i'm not there.
The #eMusicNMS sounds like a great opportunity. Would be awesome to check it out.
coffee...yummy to tummy :-)
tell me have you ever wanted someone so much it hurts? your lips keep trying to speak, but you just cant find the words♥
Bummer about the Andy-Milos match. I was looking forward to it.
i have a fat ass scar. I DONT CARE IF PPL CANT SEE IT. I CAN FEEL IT.
Agreed. RT : It is amazing how much people get done if they don't worry about who gets the credit.
So i go in the kitchen to make some chocolate milk i open the fridge and guess what i dont have. welp off to walmart
So 's birthday is tomorrow...
WOO HOO!! :-D “: #nowplaying ~ ~ "Sounds Like Country To Me"”
Crawfish boil and tequila for the going away party... I think they are trying to make me stay
tear it up tonight mang! Do werkkk!
#TeamLucca, having seen him perform before, I'm a bit biased. That and his mad talent. Although Jermaine is a powerhouse.
I didn't actually see it...just checked in on Get Glue to make sure I get my sticker!!!! :)
It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
Watching Pens with
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him. - James Allen
umm i dont have enough money for myself to buy an apple product but will a card do ?(:
sure is ma'am! Ready like Freddy lol!
I see myself as a crayon. I may not be your favorite color, But someday you'll need me.
New Providence Diversity Committee hosts talk at library
Goodbye Very sad to see you go, but excited about
ManU - American owned soccer!
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high POOR CONDITIONS
May the 4th be with you! Happy Friday! :-)
when do you wanna kick it? we can get naked and dance on stop signs.
It's interesting that MWD isn't showing speakers using its speaker cam so it doesn't have to show San Diego folks with their signs.
experiment: find out how many people would message you on facebook if you post "message me! only responding for the next 15 minutes!"
Case is like 18?????
8k is done. I am zonked. Asked a lady to take my pic. Told her I was alone "b/c all my friends are alcoholics and not up this early."
I recorded a new song yesterday! It`s called 'Awesome Moments'! It`s EXTRA cool! Check it out on iTunes!
Do you know where I can find some backgrounds? Dying to find one!
he will I promise(: Just don't give up. I'll even help you.
Heading to the first day of the rest of my life.
Congrats! RT : I won tix to the Yanks in September. Wahooooo! Right outside the Trinity Church.
Teacher: There is no language in which a double positive can form a negative. Student: Yeah, right.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." James Barrie
Cleaning day!
Way to go! “:great news just raised $1,000 individually! Thats more then my team has made as a whole! #JadeStar :)”
Agreed. Because often mastectomies are the best course of action.
Someone in my office just said "Would you like to hear more mushroom facts?"
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 11
icloud = google apps ios5 = android 1.0 mac osx = mac osx lion = snow leopard that could have been the #wwdc keynote
“: Call me crazy but I love KUSC membership drives. i learn more about classical music than at any other times.” // You're crazy!
Really great job on the Ozzie piece. Wish you were still on the Sox beat.
YES! Party Zeit!
Wonder who the Fed is going to send out this morning waving the checkbook in front of the cameras?
"I swim three hours a day and now, I'm built like a brick shit house."
My girlfriend is a very angry person 0_o
Watched "Life as we know it" LOVE IT
Not exactly the way I'd planned my night.. But definitely not disappointed!
The awkward moment when you say 'alright' about 40 times when your done talking to someone on the phone.
Maybe yea
Botox has it's Rewards! Up to $125 in Rebates from the Botox peeps contact Skintastic.com for details & Look More Beautiful!
due to a change in management for DRUGS we're working on rescheduling the interview for a later date. Get ready for this weekend BIG THINGS!
Thank you to all of the MMA fans that tuned into the show!
#BasketballProblems when your coach tell u that u need to try hard.
Did you know the city of San Francisco was named after multi-platinum R&B recording artist Sisqo?
Join us for reverse Happy Hour. Sunday through Thursday 9pm to close!
Someone else has no nose. One of the Harry Potters, maybe Dumbledore.
sorry dude. i like ur tweets
AH!!!! less than two weeks
Him: What are you doing for the holidays. Me: Surviving.
Props! His voice is amazing.
" Talking to the moon like I'm talking to your eyes, baby.."
Tired and ready for bed...
So nice to meet you at - Looking forward to staying in touch!
Goodluck at your game !!!
Why you calling yourself BARBIE and you look like KEN?
My leg hurts... A lot!!
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
/ - Have you been to a BTAN yet? If not, check out John's last tweet. You should go.
beautiful people♥
No ride to school, looks like i'm walking. Grreat.
Friday night aka my Tuesday, effffffff!
Even among happy couples, 70% of relationship problems never get solved (instead, the couple works around them).
How else would you get down the aisle?
I don't fuck with to many I hold it dwn by my self .....
I don't care about tomorrow, I care about two days after tomorrow.
You have no solid argument to lean on so now it's unfunny material about my surname? Damn, this is amateur hour.
haha whys that?
NOT YOU, TOO!
« Hanging out with a #Libra makes you feel so much better.»
Homie, did you really break out #TonyTerry? My man! Break out the original Blonde Streak.
Thnx! RT New Year's Eve- good time to spend with music- go see playing at Red Eyed Fly on Red River and 8th
I don't think so. Unless the judge instructs them, they'd have to weigh the evidence based on the 2nd degree charge.
Anybody wanna chill tonight?
Monthly supply of Shakeology just arrived! TY Beachbody ... gets me through my busy day! :-)
Kid from the Trackmeet won't leave me alone.
can't wait for tonight hiting the waves the big one's
My followers are WACK right now !!!
"Would Adobe recommend to a friend or colleague?" Unequivocally "yes"!
LeBron the best
True Born Records a
To use a 'Like' or 'Recommend' for online magazine articles? Any suggestions tweeters?
cute photo--so glad he likes it! Peter still loves his blue, indestructible squeaky bone.
Welcome to Twitter Kristin! #l'EquipeStGermain
Looks like B&T is back up. An ordering we will go.
Ps Secaucus blows, and so does this noisy, stale smoke smelling hotel room. Where's a good pair of red, ruby slippers when ya need 'em?
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
You should follow me to show your #WildcatNation some love!
[Campus Bulletin] Starting next week, all students wishing to eat at the Taco Bell, Chick-fil-A, or Subway will need a 24-hr reservation.
#YourJeansAreTooDamnTight when you look like a muffin.
I want one but I don't think my mom will buy 1
If you follow me, but I don't follow you back. RT this so I can follow you.
I'm not a girl and yes yes I am
I couldn't feel so I tried to touch.
Happy Thursday to all! ;-)
Hello Thanks for following back..Looking forward for your tweets! *cheers*
i followed
No one / to witness / and adjust, no one to drive the car
YES! But Atleast We Can Text, And Tweet :)
Why you so damn Angry?
And body builders....dont crush me ah!
I'm relieved actually. I didnt want James Cameron anywhere near this title. I like it too much Are you upset about #BattleAngel?
YAY! RT : This Saturday!! RT : Does anyone know when the new issue of comes out?
“: Pandora is on point this morning” wish mine was !!
Last Sunday, at the end of church, Jeanne Smith had this message to deliver regarding an Advent Covenant- Prayer is a habit, not a gift.
sorry for most of the shitty television on now a days.
THE ALL-STAR GAME IS AT ORLANDO
PLEASE FOLLOW Me!Deezy_Mahomie5 ismy bestfriend she turned me into a Mahomie it washer bday a few days ago so please follow me
Thanks for the Retweet Nice to meet you I'm glad we share similar interests.
i have braces.
In response to question about digital divide, references at Northwestern
EathQuake Was Just Felt NYC!!!! Nothing Broken or Hurt Thank G-d.
GAB, "and a recall election to fill her seat will be held without her name on the ballot."
A1: Design is everything to us! Its everywhere in our everyday. It is who we are & why we get up in the morning :)
all time low!!!
now that's a good a$$ night! :)
I'm bored smh
Currently recruiting a few more people for creative direction on the video game side of the orchestra...
Good luck on your interview.
glad you liked it. Much more to come. Stay tuned
that was pretty surreal. I'm here, we'll have to meet at the break.
hey bud I have not had time to ready your aggreement! lets try and connect via skype tom.
People with 60,000 tweets and 22 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the f*ck up.
Cool - well I look fwd to reading your stuff!
Script coverage for the next 3 days. Producer in the works!
I hope you are right about corporate humanism. I'm skeptical!
LIVE TIKI CARVING TONIGHT - Billy The Crud will be carving inside Frankie's from 8-midnight, then raffling off the finished masterpieces
Who is planning on being in #Vagoose for the #AAMKT 2012 conference? Hash decided?
I am definitely interested. Do you of some actors within the area that could benefit including yourself?
Drag Bingo tonight at Twist Social Club at 9:30pm! Proceeds benefit the AIDS Taskforce of Greater Cleveland. Come meet the staff & drink!
dude, we will have a bonfire ahha. How bout tomorrow? Bc I have a pt appt, dinner, an I have to finish my research paper
Sleep eludes me night after night, and sickness try's to get its grasp on me.
Dude I guess you'll have to do a solo mission on some fat ass little blunts! Ha
lady at the drive thru definitely just spilled lemonade in my car... Would I be wrong for whooping her ass for giggling when saying sorry?
Ashamed but true RT : Totally a mom thing : I may or may not have just eaten cheese off my child's shirt.
Downtown LA at night>>>>>>
im so sorry </3
I have seen it a little bit. I volunteer to teach college classes at the WSR in Monroe.
I have so much to pack that I don't know if it can be done in the next few days before Monday. . . . . .
The event is from 2 to 11, We go on at 3PM.
:: will look at other FA QB's if Peyton opts to go elsewhere?
I don't know how you do what you do.
so would the #Heat ;)
Tip: Remember that it is less expensive to have buffet-style meal.
"The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders."
RT : This Future album tho?!! Yep. <--- I'm all over it today... #Pluto (Biggup to my dude and )
Ree Varcoe: Wonka's Everlasting Gobstopper: The Ultimate Test of Motherhood: As I approach this Mother's Day, I am going to be fearle...
Yeah definitely, hit me up! Still jealous, but have fun and have a drink or many more for me!
#Browns fans, this kid gets it!! You are going 2 b a very popular player here in #Cleveland! #GoBrowns!!
Chapter 2012 Page 89 of 366 It's been said if your dream doesn't scare you, then it's not big enough.
Bulls are done!
WHY IS TWIXIGREUTER NOT TRENDING COME ON NOW
they luvin that R&G all n tha Chi we bout to b world wide my nicca!
braun or kemp
yupp , you need to see ya sister sometime lol
#Networking, like shaving, is something you have to do every day.
I love the feeling when I stretch and my whole body goes numb and relaxed.
Thanks for following! I hope the #BizExpo planning is coming together!
You're living a pretty good life then, champ.
Tim Duncan scored the Spurs' first 6 points. Tony Parker has 6 points. The Spurs lead the Jazz 14-13 at the first timeout.
RT : Headed to Kansas City then O-Town bound for Nationals
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
I have no idea what I'm doing
I love BabyShowers :)
Good Luck Floyd Mayweather
Budget Bicycle Center is a full service Bicycle shop in the heart of Madison. 50% Off rental only through www.dealoria.com
just finished a 5 week Train the Trainer class w/ ASTD-LA. Great class on effecting change thru learning and engagement.
Okay, I've retweeted everything of interest to me...Good Morning Twitter heads
that dude is GONE!!! NO Way can he come back....Fire him
I wanna watch Aladdin now. Lol
Kate Gentile: "Babies as fetish objects for a traumatized cultural body" Thursday, 12/1, 12-2PM Graduate Center Room 6112. Free lunch!
woah, congrats! Want to hear about the new gig. And DC is a worthy trip my friend!
Wales, WI? Thats about 30 mins from Brookfield - I'm just trying to make friends to spread the word 4 my biz :) thxs Tammie
“: hint: until this weekend, we hadn't seen since I asked you to marry me!”
A scoresheet to evaluate different LMSs?
So. I just heard Senator Scott Brown speak.
Cold & Snowy nite in the Derby City !! Now if I could only find a Snuggle Bunnie hm !!!
Snow in the morning and now the sun is shining = why Colorado is the best
Whats everybody playing today?
Playing Dee Falice tonight in Covington with the great John Von Ohlen on drums. 7-12!
naw not no more we in Cape Verde some island
As soon as I looked into your big blue dreamy eyes, I knew that I was in love<3
Haha i think its so sick that "The Korean Zombie" Chan Sung Jung entrance song is Zombie by The Cranberries :p
#TGIF! Getting so excited to watch the #Oscars red carpet on Sunday!
S/O to my new followers
Phil's Friends has an exciting project we are working on! More details to come soon!
"Each day, you must rise with a restless enthusiasm. If you don’t, you are working."
txt me
take it from me, growing out the stache is a great time
Enjoyed "Sharp Dressed Man (Live)" by ZZ Top on Pandora
lol I'm tired of the word
AND SHAVE TOO!!!
That awkward moment when you see your mom after you get in a fight with her..
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
awesome... good luck :D
My nigga mentality >>>>
praying we can make 30 more followers today!! =D
haha. I can't do that. Id go crazy. I have to have my sleep! But you're an Angel can do anything. ;) I'm just boring Charlie
Soo. Just. layin here in bed. Listening to ipod. - Trust Issues <3
Being a Mahomie on twitter is amazing. Everyone gets each other, and we're all here for the same reason: to support Austin no matter what.
We've added 3 very tasty breakfast burritos to our menu>the Ultimate Meat & Cheese,Fiesta Steak and Steak & Egg burritos. Sonic
Eyes burnin like fuck rite now...
In desperate need of something super addicting 
Not really... think of all that extra money your family will save not buying season tickets
You hang with broke fuckers you gone be the next broke fucker
#oomf is looking like a 10 today. If not at least a 9.9!!
Gonna pray long and hard because this is a huge decision, but I think I know what I wanna do with my life
our job is to look good, not to strategize
decent ideas behind the protest but terribly unmotivational speakers. Entertain me.
Trying to get someone actually to read your post; mostly people just talk at one another
RT : Downside to citizen activism via social media?Nomore open mic night at the city council meets. That's comedy gold!
#ThatsATurnOff when she looks sorta like a dude when you really stare...
your words of advice to ladies is bad advice. Leave before looking elsewhere if she is not giving u what u need & vice versa.
Have you ever been so happy you want to either cry or do 50 cartwheels? It's kind of like that.
I think you nailed that one.
We're open until 5PM today! Come see us and #pamperyourself this long weekend!!
Awww I wnt someone who I can have fun wit
Beyond Redemption's cast: Lily Rabe, Lisa Gay Hamilton, Jake Weber and Hamish Linklater
I'm out.
Amazing: is talking to with in the room. I am in museum celebrity heaven!
I did not just set my eyes on 10,000 dollar shoes....
Just announced Michael Finley to endow an athletic scholarship at UW. Thank you A great #badgers legend!
Science is simply common sense at its best.
...hello Jodi just dropping in to say hi...Michael Dillen
Listening Fireflies by Joe Brooks! This is some good stuff right here
lockdown drill... LOL good try at trying to be safe
Great to see alumnus, Clare Van Fossen, being a leader for life with !
haha dang I wasn't paying no attention
We are so close to the flower district. Surprise your sweetie w/ a bouquet, a bagel & a latte! Stop by the font desk and grab a city map.
Happy Friday! Big weekend ahead! What’s your favorite Easter tradition?
I can't love myself Love doesn't exist.Whatever brings people together isn't love Love is stupidity, or selfishness,or fear
<God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them>
i'm just saying you could do better
Follow & RT with #SmokinNYE & you're entered to win 2 tix for our New Years Eve celebration
Fair point. I think that the majority of the audience would be lost if they went into APIs.
you are not supposed to tweet unsupervised missy.
Don't cry because it's over...smile because it happened ♥
dear alexx i heart u!! bahaha lol i wanna marry harry style ths a random tweet(;
Unbelievably peaceful and beautiful morning in NH. Definitely a songwriting day.
I'm comin' to visit you after work!
Let's travel the world
I was the best personal trainer, even though I kept forgetting to slow it down.. I said "SLOW DOWN AT 7:30" and you didn't:'(
I want to meet "Peggy" from the Discover Card commercials...
Covering AUDJPY short for now.
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
thinks he is hilarious.
Still mourning my dear Petra, but I'm a cat person and miss the companionship. Too soon to hit the pound?
tired of listening to these wack rappers mixtapes, who got something good?
1/2 pieces of gum makes the pack last 2 times longer
GET OFF THE BENCH & GET N THE GAME U CAN"T WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !! WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ......
yea it's the next big website...we gonna take over the world. Or try anyway...lol
OMG POTATOES ARE THE BEST.
I am so fucking irritated right now. I need to just go home and take a nap.
we added a long tall table at our SF office and it's a big hit.
Nothing like an ice cold glass of water with lemons after working up a good sweat.
great articles on examiner, i subscribed yesterday. I'm the SD Populist examiner as of today! I hope you ck it out :)
Glad to be back in kc. Now gotta figure out where to live. Any ideas?
Lots going on tomorrow afternoon: Oktoberfest, Brewfest, Tamales Festival, Oyster & Guiness Festival and I'm missing them all!
Forget shopping for bread, milk and toilet paper. Think spring, and brighten up! Come see our new spring merchandises.
This movie is crazy
I like conversations where I don’t have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally...
My point exactly. He has those issues and is still proving that he's worth at least some of the money he's bound to make
DO NOT EAT THAT
haha he's staring at the door crying right now he misses you! Haha
new shit has been brought to life. Literally.
I'm alright! :) How's your christmas?
I Never Knew True Love Because True Love Is Never Promised.
Thanks for the re-tweets! We look forward to seeing everyone on Wednesday!
#Flyers stop playing after first goal.
It's "BRING A FRIEND" Week here at Wild Workouts & Wellness! Bring a friend with you to class...for FREE through this Saturday!
We Welcome to my life on this friday morning :( ....
Happy birthday Ollie!!!! How old r u now? 15, sweet 16? right?
tell me about it. I got 2 tests. Which subjects?(:
"I know if I could do it over, I would trade give away all the words that I saved in my heart, That I left unspoken"
"Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
So wait, *this* little plane is flying us all the way to Dallas? Hope I make it to Denver in one piece.
Ahh awesome hey what section u @?
I love dubstep in the morning. It wakes me up.
HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum #BANGERS...dont miss on dis new
Work hard now to chill later
lol! Glad I could bring u some laughter and a smile!!!
Someone like you!
I have drunk too much coffee. How can I tell? I am shaking and cannot sit still.
": Life has no rehearsals, only performances"
Sick feeling like shit
Omg i love you so much plz follow me <3
Should I vote for Mourdock or Lugar tomorrow?
With Time Comes Genuine Power.
Wow. Well you're smart for your age. Keep it up!
I seriously just laughed out loud when I read this.
n then they call balling on a budget
Thank you to Ray Kurzweil for inspiring and scaring me at the same time.
Enjoyed it, hope you did too!
New blog posting, Type 2 Diabetes - Why One Diet Does Not Fit All - Error
Performing alongside the lovely and talented Emily Clibourn tonight at Room 5 in LA. 10 pm. Stoked.
I love you.
Stage fright happens before you go on not while you are on. Life is the same...thinking about your future is always worse than what happens
obviously the #UnderratedEP duh (;
Congrat's to Tanya Lombard just rec'd 2012 Women of Distinction award from the LINKS. Way to go, much deserved!
See you are not the 1st person to say that
In the office fine tuning tomorrows upper body strength training workout for the Mens Basketball team. I LOVE putting my knowledge to use!!!
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
Closing Time will be tailgating at the University of Michigan for the football game!! Come find us and we will give you a free sample ;)
I just sent some tap shoes and fried chicken to Herman Cain's house via FedEx
Good times Good music Good memories
totally! Cannot think of other big Baez written songs besides Diamonds & rust & Sir Galahad, but I'm sure I'm missing stuff
I must be getting old.Each clothing store I shopped in today I was assaulted by loud music-made me jittery & tired-no purchases made-bummer!
Yes! Having spent last week reading about the Doyle/Houdini spiritualist rivalry, I was super stoked.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. Wayne Dyer
is in our video about gay rights, & equality for bullied LGBT everywhere. 6,000+ people have seen it. Have you?
Most people don't get that! #SadTruth x
Good morning everyone, I just woke up . And I'm hungry as hell. What's for breakfast peeps?
Green Power Energy is excited to announce that we have been awarded the 9 Main Street 350 kw solar farm project in Annandale, NJ.
"They are the gracious gifts of the most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy."
my boyfriend is lame like me :3
It's cause you're a jew bagel. c;
First day my math teacher isnt here..
FB special at BDW green chile cheese Burger combo for $5.99. Just say Face book and get the special...
Setting up the field for day 2 of the winter soccer camps.
Naw, his name was Patrice Oneal (the one who died) I dont know what 40 percent's name is. He's funny though.
Some great #FF folks
I'm drowning in audio!
that is true takes a while to learn that
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy tiffy~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
RT:it's better to let a man walk away from you than all over you. Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
Er, thank you? RT Congrats, Bob!
I'm liking Living in Vegas so far. My family is here and it's pretty laid back!!
following, sorry i took a long time (:
Find out where u livin.. kill u in the kitchen.. feds try to clip us but we ain't even tripping
I think mine was something about surrendering my life to the Internet.
It's nice to know someone has experienced it, too. :D
i still turn to you
Girls in music videos, period. :(
I think Brendan Ryan shaving his moustache jinxed him..
My friends are wonderful. I especially mean you,
Few things excite me more than free WiFi at the airport.
All three, plz.
Appreciate the follow and retweet!
:( bleh! I'm broke too!
you're welcome but thanks to you for this wonderful picture I can see everytime I have a tweet from you :D <3
Love that song!!
Nope, got an interview at target later this month but honestly its with out a doubt in my mind, time to start hustlin, FOR REAL
People's decisions these days are terrible -.-
I can totally see that
RT engadget Samsung Galaxy Tab P1000 gets wild with Android 2.2: Recognize those bits and bobs? By now you should....
"Look, Grandpa sent me an Amish tweet!" -- that's referring to getting a letter in the mail. He's on a roll!
No he justs gets involved in a shouting match between carpenter and Morgan that blows into bench clearing event - didn't concern him
I say "this is my city" like other people say "oh this is my jam" #civicpride i haz it
Hi Paul, I just sent it over!
what u think bro
Spent the bulk of the day working on the new website! So pumped!
ha, great, hope you can find some time!
And my dude does it again
If GOP endorses candidate who can't win, Trump might run as independent who can't win.
Planning for Fall: Internet Librarian or AASL Fall Forum?
my friend has a private jet and yacht...and im just chillin with my bike
Where my #graytness at?!!? Miss his sexy ass... 😍😍
Messed around with a new song yesterday at band practice, good stuff.
Adding to your insomnia-don't go to bed yet-Tips to sleep like a baby. reports on next.
hey cuz i wish u were still out here cant wait to se u again
Who deserves turds, who deserves blossoms? You've got three of each. Go!
fun night with my new friends :)
"Fare il malocchio a qualcuno." - To give someone the evil eye (in Italian!)
Rough day.....Good night twitter!
Thursday Drunks will be at Fanny Ann's in old Sac this week! Thursday (duh), 7pm, very top floor. Cheers!
All the #Easter fun has made me tired. Lots of fun with family this weekend.
Remember when we beat the shit out of Lebron. That was fun.
I miss u an my brutha n law
RT : It's going to be a cool start to the week says another storm could be headed our way later in the week
Thanks! nice Twitter background !!!
Let's go tweeps --» If you enjoy + new video - Text You're My Baby to 18764442453
journal everything that you eat. it will open your eyes to what you truly eat and make it easier to make healthy changes
for library users who want step by step instructions: First, are you breathing? To complete this it's absolutely essential you remain alive.
Did you know Gatorade contains soy? Well, it does! It contains "brominated vegetable oil" which is derived from soybeans.
I am sensitive! be careful with the fuun making okay!
I give up.
At The Brown, $2 Wells ... Sean and Mark play ...
Good morning!!!
LOL, so I heard she got her ass beat today. Dumb bitch deserves it.
“: Love is just a word... that is, until someone comes along and gives it meaning.”
And I have more where that came from! Silicon is dying to have me ;-)
u made my literary day! ya heard? the sum of the parts is g8r than the whole
Happiness is a direction, not a place
D.C. tennis tournament now called Citi Open The ATP World Tour hardcourt tournament in the nation's capital is changing its name to the C
i can make pasta like a boss ;-)
Playing xbox 360
Occupation begins tonight. New press release shortly.
‎5 year olds prayer..."and Lord forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets."
A girl that knows her place never loses her position...
keep going on MSLSD you stuttering retarded troll. You make those weirdos like "The Bulldyke" look half way normal.Take ur meds
here ya go!! I added one more to ya list!!! Lol
More and more women are joining forces and helping each other daily on kissandim.com!!!!
RT : Hands down my Favorite Singer of all time is "BRIAN MCKNIGHT!"...No 1 can sing like that dude
#boots to asses
Please stop SOPA
No problem! Hope we catch up to you today. S is wearing a flowy black skirt & I've got knee-high brown boots.
Enjoying a Bloody Mary in a glass on the track at Daytona: #Schneidalicious!
where can I see the article? Miss you my friend!! You better yet?
haha I can always totally go for a brownie :) RT Could totally go for a brownie...
We're preparing for "mini-inauguration" coverage tomorrow - lots of calls & searches for political experts. Who would you like to hear from?
in la bro hit me up pal
2013 All-Star game will be held in Houston!
RT : Submitted my orders 2b the #AirForce honor guardsman at the ! So proud 2 represent all Airmen & the !
Flattered. I'm selected as speaker 2 national convention 4 Passenger Vessel Association. Talking about new media marketing.
Yes you can
Thank you Sarah! RT : #FF new friends!!
Have you ever considered space travel? Would you like to someday do that?
Hey How can I remove a promoted tweet from a column.? I've tried everything. I WANT IT GONE!
Looking forward to meeting you at Sunday's Communication 201 workshop!
Weekend Tip: Three keys for playing in the wind On Friday, the 50,000-pound Space Shuttle Enterprise made its final flight, piggybacking
#Syria|n #Revos-U better quit whining over #sects & start supporting #SYRIA.When #Obama pulls the #NATO trigger-NO sects matter but
Happy Monday! How do you plan to enjoy the beautiful weather this week?
So disturbing to watch. Not often an officer is up on murder charges. This is going to get even uglier I think.
55 and sunny in Anchorage still!
lessner is kicking ass !
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God.
haha so true..
“: Women love men who can cook a little bit” that's right!
4 days until we kick off! First event is Cville's Annual MLK Celebration this Sun. the 16th, 5 p.m. @ Mt. Zion 1st African Baptist Church
Tired man. .
great photo. what a cutie. I have 3 dogs & 4 cats. My own little animal army lol
He will not always accuse, nor will he harbor his anger forever; Psalm 103:9
If I ever win the lottery I promise to not live super extravagantly. But I will fly first class EVERYWHERE.
High x Sleepy x Hungry
Quick little 4 day weekend
thanks for the RT's!!
hey man...he had a pregnant wife...
Sometimes I look down at what I've created and think how how strong I was to go through all that trouble. Then I flush the toilet.
Hancock and Hickenlooper two of the most high profile politicains supporting
Its so annoying man! Haahaa
Tomorrow is #GraduationCentral! We'll be there selling our discounted New Grad Bargain Bag with tons of great stuff for the #ClassOf2012!
totally he's the worst sportscaster in denver
#Easter Egg-hunt begins at 2 p.m. on the Laguna Lawn! Hop on over!
yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough
i missed it!
Cool concept!!
thanks ma. :)
CHARISMA! Fuck swag
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Post your photos aboard the bus on our Facebook wall at www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
Romney, with all due respect, stuff it. Get with the times. History will repeat itself. As African Americans got equal rights, so will gays.
excellent question.
Happy birthday, Lisa!
Thank you Miss Natasha () for logging in as me today on Facebook to post all the great shows coming up! #Can'tDeal
I should prob go to bed now. Kids woke me up at 5:30 this morning. I'm running on fumes.
is there a comment function for specific tDAR files? - looking at report with redactions that missed a few that needed redaction
both are horrible
I'm gonna ruin my slushie with vodka
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew :(
is dodge a punter or a special teams gunner?
Happiness depends upon ourselves.~Aristotle
I will! Hopefully nothing happens!
#Why doesn't #Dracula have any #friends? BECAUSE HE'S A PAIN IN THE NECK! ;)
oh the things we've read from you....
"can I have some money?" "for what?" "get you a mothers day present"
Bad apples? That's why we need accountability.
I don't care about hockey much, but no maligning the Tim Ho's!!!!
In other words,at what point will you admit that you were wrong about Limbaugh? Give me a day.
takes the podium at conference! Thoughts on the debt deal to start his remarks...
Royalty statements? Are you feeling well?
"We'll be phasing out all free Ning Networks." <---Just received- Ning network announcement <--social networking about to be put to the test
RT : Q1: Set of processes and technology for the management, distribution and delivery of rich media assets.
super excited about next week. being able to sing at a retreat for a week?!!! WOOH!and then the following week..CRUISE!!!.WOOH and then..idk
More from Birute Regine during ICFGR program - "vulnerability is a strength."
UGH!!!! We fucking falling apart & I don't like this shit!!!!!
Wassuh Stranger Its Been Like 2weeks Since We TALKED
Chaise Lounge Fan Appreciation Party and Record Release is TONIGHT! 10 Seats Left! You don't want to miss the Houdini Martini do you?...
I can't take other movies seriously when the character says "it's a trap"
Sofia-ism of the week: "Can I shovel the Uno cards?" Honey, it's shuffle. Shuffle the cards. With absolute certainty: "No, it's not."
I guess? By Stephens Coll and Lee Elem on the southeast corner of downtown?
lmao she know I got her
Boy this edit is tough
My mon said Carlos is way to intelligent for his age lol
having Pierogies on Christmas Eve and during Lent that were made by the church ladies of our Catholic Church.
Tough question. I've seen both done well and poorly.
Ppt karaoke is hilarious
maybe I need to hang my bathing suit up and a picture of the Bahamas as motivation for the gym. ugh
She is no longer one of our regular contributors, though she still does write for us occasionally. Her advice really is timeless!
indeed he is.
Thanks and !!
*Got the first email from a lady who wants to audition for me ' show squeel!*
Woman in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette, shouts at me while I speed past her: BIKE PUSSY!
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
did you figure out if your going to sxsw yet??
the hatred has always been very intense.
i'm trying to track down a Villarreal one.
I probably did worse shit than Romney in high school.
i did some more, but since the poster was so text intensive, they wouldn't fit. I'm happy with the end result.
I REALLY hate the 30 min req'd courses on when a 3 min screencast & simple job aid would be WAY better & more efficient
Sometimes they are required to card anyone who looks younger than a geezer. True story. What is a geezer? 92? LOL
continuing an art gallery marathon....
I have learned that me + the dark + lots of set pieces = injuries. What can I say? I'm clumsy xD
Are you still at work? It's Happy Hour Time...grab you stuff an come on over!
If someone offers you 999 words for your picture, REJECT HIM! NOT WORTH IT!
*at this local sub shop* / Clerk: Bread? / *points to several different kinds* / Buddy: Mhmm, yes please.
I swear i hate when he act like a bitch. Man up, grow some balls and get ur underwear out ur ass. Smfh!
no I not on twitter doing something random lol. I'm just playing my wii.
please please follow me ♥
Then those are followers who don't matter. That's my opinion, anyway. I'll shut up now.
Looking like Mojito Bar for the HEAT GAME tonight!!!
Paul Holmgren seems impulsive enough to move Bryz out, just on principle.
I don't agree that anything post-CFB should be included. But if NFL success is viewed as a plus, then so should Thomas' career
You break my heart every time we say goodnight...
Thank you for the follow! I'm a media guy, so we should get along very well.
Latin Perspective has added new material to its web site www.latinperspective.net with much more to come in the future
Open @ 10am. Civil War Tea for kids @ 11am. Train rides all day!! It's a beautiful one out there - see you soon!
thank you, all the best to you as well.
he is though!!!
It would do a world a HUGE favor if you just..... you know... LEFT... THIS WORLD.... FOREVER!
Oh fuck yes to this grilled cheese.
Trying to keep the folks who hate me away from the folks who are undecided... Luv that bio
well said. rents are going up because banks are not lending.
Grizzlies about to become first team in nba history to win 5 of 7 games and not advance.
when we drinking on one?
How do I respond to that...?
“: The number of UofL fans on I65N out number UK fans 1,000 to 1.”--there he is!!!
Not everyone that comes into your life has an expiry date, some people will love you enough to stay.
She stuck her birth control up her vagina!
i lost my peace sign ring that i haven't taken off in 6 years!!!! :(
New follower here. Follow me. I might say something interesting.
Did you say that before the last time they met? Any given Sunday...
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. ~ Gandhi
“Protecting the rights of those who have not yet been born is a fundamental obligation of a civil society.
Time to bring in Rick Vaughn
This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U
Life is measured not by the number of breaths we take but by the number of moments that take our breath away.
all is awesome with -- no plans for a Vancouver yet :)
": I am here because he died and rose again" mane i like dat there... me to everbody is
Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What hurts is remembering who they used to be.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💻
PAD tv see ew
that's awesome!
what book?
I have tickets to the Brewer game next Friday, would love for that to be the magic game.
Yes! If I can resist eating it before class!
There goes my baby!
Mama B's class >
well that sounds great. Hah(:
SIN Night is in full swing! Come on out and end you 'Manic Monday' on the right note...
Another great meeting with ! He's so awesome
Good morning mermaids fans.. I found out that on March 1st of this year I was published in the Library Journal!!
*Parking tix leak aside* I like 's feisty media criticism tweets. Better punchy PR than opaque-- I welcome his wry ire.
Lucky for you, I'm undecided... About everything.<3
i hope you been practicing lol
hi. you're the goddess of all goddesses. x o.
I'm so tired today I wish I had 5 red bulls, sugar free though.
I need to watch what I write when updating a bug status, it might be taken the wrong way: "couldn't reproduce, waiting for assistance"
I have decided both and are dead!
got it, i was being a noob. lol
wait!? Thought u weren't tweeting today?? ;)
There is much to look forward to, I can't wait for Mickey's Not-So-Scary! Anyone have some Costume suggestions?
cute pup, he does look cozy.
the crib is cool, especially when I don't have rent or a mortgage.. LOL
U needa bring some of your friends down here lol
(Same Question) Who are you? (wait I know) Just some Hoe on Twitter! Baby you flatter yourself way too much! Im happy unknown!
Lance Armstrong's livestrong social media is great in engaging their stakeholders - Joe Lawless
Looking forward to listening to GM right now.
Google Voice voicemail translations are silly.
Reading Churchill's Memoirs of WW2 and his admiration of FDR really stands out.
july/august 2012 - we're tracking some this month
Vonny keep texting slow and I'm going to fall asleep.
No wonder has so many financial issues. they can sell the appliance, they just can't get it to you. Refunds abound.
Happy Birthday to my good friend and roomate !! Please follow him so he feels like less of a failure.
i been legendary 7136322069 MONEYTALKSMORE i live in the city im from and i put on, dont gotta move cause im a landmark
Dear rain, no one warned me of your arrival. Please go away. My ysl wedges and the slick soho streets do not agree with each other.
#ThingsIDislike two faced bitches. I don't know which face to slap!!
KINDA?! what the hell! haha
So sorry to hear Victoria.
at hershey park?
Game face time is approaching. Tonight, we celebrate our new CD at Skully's, doors at 9.
Trying to figure out what to wear for our #CincodeMayo party this Saturday at the Debating on #Zorro or #ChiquitaBanana!
Idc if Chris smokes....*shrugs*
Love that idea. Can't wait to experience w/ 2 of my fav #MKEfoodies! RT let's go there when it opens!
Title Fight, Friends, Captain and Jack TONIGHT at Rocketown. Come sing every word and give me a high five.
My body hurts. :(
I'm in pursuit of new batteries from downstairs but I'm cold so I'm actually going to run for them
that's a good choice. "Exit through the Gift Shop" is superior.
Thanks for the follow. Now I've met a pro poker ply and a diamond cutter. Such diversity.
I'm surounded by the guys in physics class. We have a sub so that=no work
"..Go with the flow. The idea is to remain in a state of constant departure, while always arriving. It saves on introductions and goodbyes."
LOTS of Food Specials @ THE SMILING MOOSE TODAY like our Creamy Potato & Bacon Soup, Cajun Chicken Sandwichs , & Some Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
I really had high hopes that would of been part of the #1 girl tour. :(
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget.
We had a boat captain in my #pathfinder game named Jared, he had overlarge pants and told people to eat meat between bread.
Now I Am Scarred Of D
Juliet Simms to win the voice
later cutie ;)
Crybabies of twitter be warned. We don't care how much your life sucks. Shut the fuck up
Epoxy floor paints are also available in many colors for all those who require a little special attention in their floor cloor
The dearth of chatter re: poor panel quality/biased recruiting has me wishing we could microchip consumer brains to collect
I'm over it, had a cig to calm my nerves
Things I heard tonite..."His hag is in there sweets, sorry."
Due to technical difficulties, I can't upload this song. :(
Where have you been? No studio?
Vikings have a bad case of "fumble-itis!" Seems to be incurable!
RT : VJIII gets a standing O. let's win it for him #iubb!
#ImHappyWhen you show you love me.
follow back.? <3
Congrats, dude! I assume the "Chell" in the name is an intentional Portal reference?
RT : Great seeing Hopefully we can get together with for some road games next
same to you
Official attendance: 81,112. On a shitty day. This is why #BuckeyeNation owns.
#efossils RT Sat in car in rain enjoying the sound.
How pervasive in science is degrading treatment of technicians? Or is it just culture of specific places?
check your phone
Dat dude young wanting change and running is mouth starting shit was lucky I was with Neva or he would got knocked the f*ck out!!!
Kanye And Jay-Z Playing Otis At The VMA'S!!!!!!
I don't hate reality stars, so it's not about that...it's more bc they don't do anything that showcases any talent or skill, IMO.
My dog seriously takes up 3/4 of this queen sized bed 😏
Cano can’t find groove for Yankees
You heard her. Be there! ;)
When I fight with u, I'm really fighting for us. If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother.♥
Niall, I can't wait to see you next year in concert! <3
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
I should have credited you! thank nikki for the discovery.
“ nobody ia gonna ruin my day nobody or nothin...impatient to be at already... IT IS FINISHED... #thatswhatHEsaid”
I heard he was playing there today. I haven't seen him in a long time. Did you give him a hug?
#PBS documentary Women, War & Peace is powerful and well made, but having to watch the whole thing at once for grading was poor planning.
#askObama Do you think class warfare in America is good or bad?
Congrats! How exciting :)
get a homeless dog, a black lab mix, a dog that was abused. it will help u heal.
No new mentions..
i was late to work because not even TWO alarms can wake me up. i guess it's true... maybe i can't survive without my mom after all 😏
Food all prepped for the week, now time for our team call. Love being a part of something big!
Finally a reason to stay up late! RT: I will be on the show tonight!
Aww, shucks. Thank you, Rosie. You inspire me. You're pretty amazing, Lady.
#petpeeve go out of my way to help someone and let em use my stuff and now there 2 good 4 me... Well if it wasn't for me u wldn't b there...
Thanks for sharing :). Hope you had a great weekend!
Yea I used to watch those to until Audrina got cancelled
Still have no breakfast :/
sometimes I'm afraid I'll lose it, throw the country A-K rack out on the street, go work a tower records and never look back.
Hi Shaunna, what is your opinion of Sheryl Sandberg's work at Facebook? She is after all, the COO, which is a very powerful role.
your so rude!!! asshole :p
Let's go Dolphins!
Hey Grady Little thinks it's time you go get your pitcher...
Thanks for the RT & mention
Which way do your think #CO will swing in 2012?
Also, can I please announce to the world that I am having an *excellent* hair day today?
PT 2 - will Flacco EVER change his cadence at the line of scrimmage and force some defensive offsides or will Ds cont to T off
Watched "Boondock Saints" with friends yesterday, had barbq, awesome Cinco de Mayo <3
Mi Madre won't let me go to the Bull summer float trip. -___-
Happy Easter and Passover. We hope you're enjoying a beautiful weekend of reflection and renewal whatever your faith.
M: I'd take a taser shot!
NJ heads home after an exciting and inspiring SLC. So great to hear what all our state leaders are doing. It gets better every year!
thanks bro.
laying on the ceiling staring at the floor numb2 the feelin plz let me get som more A stutter of my breathin i c the light through the door.
Patrick is Monday, lyndsay is Tuesday, keith is Wednesday and brent is Thursday, we still are looking for our Friday.
Funnest wedding ever!!! Best Dj
thanks for being so patient
Being in a relationship is hard as fuck, you don't always agree & they sometimes do shit where you be like WTF !!!!
aww!! Darn it I don't think or will b there either, now I'm not gonna have any fun :(((
I'm riding in the parade too. Can't wait to see you there
Don't forget about our weekly #MNF contest: correctly guess the score of tonight's game between the Jets & Dolphins for a free #Scorzie!
Um. What about ME RT : Is it bad I'm mostly excited about living in Atlanta this summer because I'll be close to Taco Mac again?
Just got out of work...getting that bank(:
Bring your kids out to Boyette Park Tomorrow I will be doing 3 shows for NorthBridge Church at the Jelly Bean Hunt. 1st show is at 12:15.
alright thanks! I hope I can be in it or get to! Huge fan of you all! TURN IT UP!!
Got on a plane and stepped back into the 70s. They continue to set new standards for crappy service.
Fulltime position to provide Physical Therapist Assistant services at the Navy Health Clinic, Naval Air Station - Camp Lejeune, North Carol…
you have no idea how much time i've devoted to studying the titanic. and no idea how much i LOVE the way this looks.
Listening to Karen Mills at the #SBA talk to franchisors and lenders at the
It is good to burn incense and read aloud to the snowflakes.
RT : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like. ~ Napoleon Hill
And I'm trying to eat a bag of chips with no water at the same time!
:) btw, you're gorgeous
Universally making my way through the multiverse.
Second game isn't complete, so I don't want to shortchange But he's heading for a 405-RBI season.
only one person said it -_- what are u talking about?
we finally met! Hey, I'm hearing rumblings that people are anxious for a written review. Have you any such plans?
Also, how are you getting presents on your dad's birthday? :)
lol dang 3 now lol woo there woman crazy either way im sure u will look fine lol
So tired, I wish I could win the lottery, drop out, and sit on my lazy ass the rest of my life!
#Secretlust tweet!!! Somebody feeling a certain way huh? RT : Embracing your sex appeal is a beautiful thing.
My mom just sent me a text that said "Save a horse, ride a pony ;)" ohmy! i love her :P
making myself a malibu and orange juice and watching the muppets till I pass out. haha!
Did I just hear an commercial on the radio? Legit
St. Patty's Day is Thursday! Are you going to wear green???? LOL ;) :) :) :) Happy Early St. Patty Day! <3 <3 <3 <3
Can I pre-order yet? RT I tell u one thing...Errybody's gonna be using the Heat on 2K11 and NBA Live 11!
Our Hero can only pick you up when you fall so many times. Eventually you must learn to do it yourself.
What a beautiful day in the garden! We got a lot done. We planted some snap beans and tomatoes.
Um. For real? That is like asking someone to perform surgery without training. Ok, not as extreme but you get what I'm saying.
Demi Lovato Signs on to Judge 'X Factor': Demi Lovato has officially signed her deal and will be a judge on the next season of "The X...
on the other hand, inspired by 's response. I shall now leave keys to my apartment, mailbox and car around for all to use
Paterno's legacy has been chosen for him.
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
bro your the most fresh dood in this school...girls should be trippn on you
I suppose if the characters hadn't stood and born the consequences, Mr. S. wouldn't have had himself much of a tragedy
Finishing up a great Italy trip with #DePauw Winter Term students. Back to Castelli Verdi tonight!
That makes sense! Good show, fun times, beautiful song.
Ouch! Cousin just got hit HARD on the forearm by a pitch! It sounded like a bat! Omg he just passed out! Omg.
Who will win Khali or World Strongest man ? RT if Khali Won
When you begin to write down your dreams, those memories, forgotten, come back.
Real world beckons. Pump out a few articles. Back to the steenbeck.
Respect my house fool!!!
Merry Christmas to all! Have an incredible day. Happy 30th birthday to Karri!!!!! :)
I do not want the inaugural championship trophy to bear the #Paterno name. Will become known as Stagg-"insertpun"
TONIGHT is also Dining Out for Life tonight at the COW. 20% of your check goes to Project Open Hand! Giddy Up!
Having the worst morning ever.
really! that's great! funny how that works! :)
I can always count on your for pro tips
So I lose a friend for a relationship or keep a friend but miss out on love
Is this an OTC support?
Oh. Well in that case I guess they're right about what?
I no right hehe its so cute x
um I dunno what RAAM is??
Boulder's Home of the Blues tonight at 7:30! We're lookin' forward to this one - should be a hoot!!
plz follow me
Heading to Albany today for some fun family pics! Cant wait to see the tulips! What are you guys doing today?
Happy #FF, its all about green celebs
TRUTH! “: If your not watching the Michigan State game, your out of your mind”
Just witnessed flight attendant abuse on an #AA flight. Amazing! Headed to Mexico-spiritual warfare high for this nation. Pray for us!
Seriously??? All the tlk abt the keys, if she won't give them back then change the locks! Do ppl really act like this???
This car next month tho>>>>>>
Justin bieber is gay af
I'll take common sense over any of them
Make Up To Break Up !
I hope you didn't mind that I took creative liberties with that fb image! In my mind we share a secret love for 90's rap!
Q2: they're called disasters for a reason. Have a plan, and may the force be with you.
I want to be the first to know if you have any success with that.
Hope everyone is having a great weekend.
Are you 11?
Suitcase Opera Update: Why can't I finish this freakin' aria?
Don't forget... vocab for history due tomorrow!
#itshardwhen the person you love, loves someone else and you have to pretend everything is okay and be happy for them... </3
whats it looking like today?
Aint it the truth,b ready 2 fight especially the women
Pick up your yellow coupon books at participating stores, and get in on all the savings! Up to 50% off!
Joined the iPhone world
Apple's iOS 4.3 Beta 3 Offers New Tools, Honeycomb Competition
BIli I did not get a call from you. I would have answered on the first ring.
cool. Will do.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! So proud of you!!
Refreshing to see college athletes like put the student before 'athlete'... #proudgamecock Congrats!
and pls make the point that there have been tons of mplp case studies in the prof lit so I don't have to.
not yet... are we talking about fucking or kidding???
Beautiful piece. A daughter's story, a Mother's story, an American story. #Mother's Day
u r 2 hours ahead from me.. but i heard that everyone found it :))
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9 - car seats baby with animals
Easter candy... It's whats for breakfast, lunch, & dinner this week!
It's a chilly spring day so try one of our tasty soups! Avgolemono (chicken, lemon, rice) or Vegetarian Lentil
Not much of a movie goer, and not a fan of horror - but I want to see anything with Johnny Depp, so to Dark Shadows we will go
Grambling is tear Southern up this Bayou Classic!
I am dieing of a slow terrible disease called
Gosh. I just got tweeted by what looks like a Nordic Caravan site asking if I like 'Hot Gerls' I'm not sure how to answer. What's a 'Gerl'?
shoot the damn dog like old yeller, problem solved.
you're right
Sunrise Homes Tampa releasing new plans this wkend at WaldenPointe & Limona; easy to do with touchscreen & print on-demand brochures!
Ozzie Smith and Bruce Sutter
Dana knows my EXACT pain, its so crazy ! i love you Dana <3
Ditto. You can keep them in Gunny. Love you though!
I spun records for like 7 hours at a house party on Sunday, and a few more at home tagging with Ryan on saturday nite.
I agree with the dictionary, girls before boys.
I'm always thinking about other people's feelings before my own. It's time I stop & think about myself for a change! This is so me!!!
Only about 7hrs til its the weekend for me! And... its pay day!!! TGIF EVERYONE!
being a fag right now stealing stephinies food
thanks for the #FF!
VACATION RT #LivFamFeudQues name something people count down the days until
wow not true!!!!
That's perfectly fine, I need to watch it about three more times anyway.
Going to surprise Geo :)
i wonder if will see this & RT or follow or something!!! lol
Still looking for a breakdancer to volunteer to come out to the next session. Anybody know any good dancers that would come out!
Powerful -Dreams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.” – Lawrence Block
thanks D for the Hook-up! Crazy to see u rock out after almost 20 years.
SPECIAL CONGRATS to our #GoodGuy & #Inspiration \e. Hurt hand and all.. you ROCK!!!
That was epic ... I have no idea what just happened with that. Mind blown.
omg. <3 you're forever making me smile babe.
I love your name :O
Someone go to this damn meeting for me.
You are super gorgeous,ur def my fave on the show!!
you're not alone! It's tough to put down what you're passionate about!
Haven't been on here in a good minute..
My brain is full of more ideas for the day camp can't stop thinking #TeamFollowBack please we need more followers today
Happy Easter
its really sad to when i come home and isnt following me|:
Gay straight or bi its nobodies business but mine.
Love on Top came on at the restaurant I was at. I yelled "This is a JAM!" People looked, but I'm still right.
Did you ever get us tickets to a pirate game.?
We Salute #NoDJ on all hes 2012 accomplishments and he deserve the up most respect. Keep the mixtapes coming.
Do my eyes deceive me? You can actually buy a now!? I must have one!
Missing my train time this morning. Car commutes suck!
Howard stern on fallon in a bit.. Tune in
All right, time for a six-run homer...
Chill day.
Launching Starting Point Church Apex Sunday February 26.... Come out and be a part of this awesome day in our church!
Are you at Whistler's Peacock Room ?
Hope errbody had a great 4th of july, tomorow another holiday so Happy JULY lol
I think that talking out the side of ya neck was the one I couldn't remember. I didn't think that's what it was really called
The awkward moment when you throw something at your friend and it hits someone else.
It's Gameday!!!! Go Pack Go!!
Great Screening of PHOTO FINISH @ Chico's Jazz Bar in Asbury Park, NJ for Garden State Film Festival.Got great feedback on my comedic chops!
RT : RT : Young Professionals Week is here. Please RT and spread the word.
Three tough losses for the boys on the pitch today #newberlinsoccertourney Time to head to to heal
its easier that way. I learned that as long as the change is all bundled together the less likely I am to count it.
For real? Sweet! You live in Portland right?
Yeah everything is too expensive. I still have to buy the complete version of Final Draft...but should probably pay rent first.
I like how everyone thinks that people are tweeting about them when they do bad tweets ;))
Already saw this one. Don't you worry, I always look!
New layout thanks to Mr. Mark Lowe, Art Director. It's raining at the Academy but a new layout may brighten some spirits.
one other thing....
yep finally broke down!
ah ok
I haven't a clue! I'm just stunned it's gotten so bad. I tweeted that piece in part because I know the writer.
something tells me 5 of them probably equals a donut or more.
When does the X-Factor start? I want to see (:
Now, the Giants ARE world champions because that style of football isn't played anywhere else in the world.
I wish we'd been able to work something out, but we didn't discuss it until too late. We're sorry and assholes.
Learning why Monsanto is evil....
I completely understand. I suggest contacting them directly and recapping them on the situation so that they can help you.
Sick of all this easter candy
Nice to see some flowers and color instead of gray!
You can centralize your projects and add a boss, coworker or project partner to see your progress! www.IamINC.biz
Wonder why a 16 has never beaten a 1? Just watch the UNC-A/Cuse game. The officials protect 1 seeds with abandon (and this from a UK fan)!
Going to tour Germantown in Philly. One long final shibang before I head home and collapse.
Awesomely busy and exciting day so far! I had completed another speech titled "Recognizing Achievement" at my Toastmasters Club today.
Wait, there's a debate tomorrow AM? Good. I'll just keep drinking until then. Just. Groovy.
everytime I see a colossal bug on FB (everyday), I think "write crap code and profit on the backs of suckers, er, users"
Thanks Emily!
Huge fan of your work, ! Dig that you would eat Arby's and use the word hosers.
you're so far away :(
Too goddamn sunny... Where's the rain?.
#worstmovietitles Run Fat Boy
what are you when you are all out of Monet?
From Campus Transportation: No route "B" service to Greenwich tonight from 5 PM to 11:45 PM due to the
it's a guy
So sosososoo happy :)
Weeding out all the "Life Coaches", "Marketing Gurus", "Internet Businesses" and others. Buh Bye
NAU, do you have to start construction outside of my window today? No one really cares about plumbing anyway.
Chillin' out awhile before bed.
No, I want a scary dragon. You're like PUFF!
thank god sneezes end
My pleasure :D
hey iBieberHeartsJp i followed her
To the most talented singers and actors that passed on, may you rest in peace, your work will stay in our hearts and in our memories
I should hope so. There is no Elvis but Elvis.
The entire cast now discussing what looks like with his shirt off
"we'll come to that bridge when we cross it"
Well, gonna miss Ellis. Hoping Warriors can keep this win streak going.
I fucking love when i catch kid cudi on these talk shows :)
RT : You know what time it is: S.I.N. Sunday at Screaming Tuna.
It's Taco Tuesday today at Lottie's! We're open at noon with Shane's smoked fish tacos!!
When 2 Pac died music like his definitely died pac had swag, was sexy, kool but still
This guy is walking in the middle of the street with his middle fingers up lmao
hey Serenity
Waking up in the Mourning to find out I have no mutherfucking Cocoo Puffs for me to eat my breakfast #BullShit -__-
Watching The King's Speech on blu ray while enjoying my day off.
I'll be right there RT : 85 right now in #Vegas... just sayin' RT : DOHHHHHH!!!! It's SNOWING.....
Thank you to: , , for following me!
follow me and direct message me your #
Does your laptop computer get so hot that you can't set it in your lap? Is it slow but not infected? Get it cleaned today. Runs faster! ,
Palindrome of the day: "Too hot to hoot." #learning (same letters back and front)
I love it when a client is absolutely thrilled with their new web site.
You could wear your birthday suit
networking is an adventure
Text marketing is a way to monetize your ads. Text marketing is not a branding method that pays off later. It pays back immediately 10%-30%!
I'm baking red velvet and funfetti brownies (using recipe) and two cakes for my sister's bachelorette party Saturday
Here comes #Papelbon!
and yes the NBA is kind of rigged its geared toward super stars and heat will get alot of calls
Cinderella lost her slipper, not her virginity. You don't need to have sex to find your prince.
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I see you o.O
This constant, unproductive preoccupation with all the things we have to do is the single largest consumer of time and energy. ~~David Allen
Our band is performing at tonight from 7-11pm! See you there!
haha i'll be in indy.. going to the track saturday morning, but next week for sure !!
ha I wish someone gave me a compliment ever...congrats on your upside! Nice.
is anyone else that uses LibGuides having trouble with their syndetics book cover images???
True Indians like give tickets to true Indian friends while in NYC holding' it down for !!!!l Lezzgo!!!!
I could go for some sun right now. its cold as hell out here
Go follow and tell your friends to follow as well!
Hair and nails bouta be on point for friday :-)
RT : Accident on 77N at Tyvola has left 2 lanes blocked. The merging has made a mess of things.
TQM!!!! Love u miss lovely!!! Xoxo
this is why we are soulmates... I do the same thing
smoking, baking cheddar scones, so much whiskey, cathedral of st.john, no sleep, and as much mysticism as i can handle.
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.-Albert Einstein
Love146 V-Neck and Crew shirts are back in stock!
Who wants to get sparked up?! Hmu
I'm really good doing this. Every person is getting in love with my beautiful apartment! I think I'm ready to be a real estate agent... Nah!
When Some One Really Likes You, But You Don't Like Them Back...
how sad are you that club Bucky is 364 days away
Oh boy. RT : Our hotel room heater just broke...
(I also wrote about home movies, loving my friends, and that time I got hit real hard in the face with a wallet.)
lol nigga i pulled an all nighter. come at me.
Wow, that mail is looking really dramatic in black and white.
I love creating website & graphic stuff. Anything creative keeps me happy. Just need 55 hours in day it seems lately lol
15 years coming we get a playoff win! Sports so good in SoFla haha go
u ran into Shanell at the gym? Awww man I wish I was with her lol
dude i love n.e.r.d.
omgosh hi! no no no but thiis is! thank you so much. #sosweet RT just thought you should know-you're amazing(:
You left your phone.
You have so much cellulite.
This chick just asked me if she could plug in her iPod. Im in the middle of a set... And that kids, is what we call a bitch.
Snakes. Why'd it have to be snakes?
Happy mother's day
They do look good..they gotta squad
She's going to let somebody hit, just don't be mad if its not you
Good point. To me, 'reality' happens during the weekend when I enjoy time with family. Mondays are the 1st step back to reality.
but crochetme is probably the best name ever.
"Firm" is in the word "afFIRMation" for a reason. It builds a solid foundation of confidence.
Classic game MELO's having 2day...damn!!!
Let's go Arizona! #BearDown!
You just now realized this? RT : Okay... Note to self, dresses weaken men
Your all cocky and crap. Just laughing at everyone else. Just wait until the universe craps on you and we will see who is laughing. Karma.
Wow. #Boardwalk Empire. Compelling, shocking....just a fantastic finale. Can't wait for S3.
Spending my weekend in the gym! Houston Hoops v D Gib Hoops as we speak - #Adidas Sweet 16
Who sent the flowers? =o
And we're off! #GreenRush has officially begun!
RT : "Long beach poly sends more football players to the NFL than any other high school".
A4) in the beginning... why wait? no time to waste. Be seen & heard at the same time. Ur product can do the rest.
#theworldsgreatestdjs its time we salute the dj.
Keep stamping those yelow Super Shopper cards! Drop them off on March 13 to enter to win. We giving away $1500 bin prizes that day!
locate your lighter.
Just got home from school :)
Kobe no.8 would play for scoring title... Kobe no.24 would rest for another ring..
Barbara, Jessica and Johanna shoot for Paul Mitchell today!
People who only tweet quotes make me think they are devoid of any original thoughts.
I'm #ForeverALamb because I've been listening to you since Someday and will forever listen to your music !!!
OH MY GOSH I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE GONE SERIES!!!! WHEN WILL YOU PUBLISH PLAGUE?? will there b a movie 4 Gone? -May
We need a heat wave!!
Box office is now open!! call now to claim your tixs to see 916-925-5500 for tix
The on-going mystery can finally come to a stop. For it is I who took the cookies from the cookie jar.
blame it on April
hey, have you been to a #bikram class at the #LA headquarters w/bikram? i'm going on saturday.
Panic! At the Twitter.
You have a special place in our heart too!
Shine On, Smile On!
They're great. Look up Broken Jaw.
Good morning eatin breakfast
Mountain View is fast paced, a cultural mecca; pure sexy action adventure. But its also fraught with peril, you gotta be street wise here.
How about you? :)
Impressions of the boy wizard film in one word?
haha! that's different, but we wont knock it till we try it! we're always open to new omelette toppings!!
The significance of a man is not in what he attains but in what he longs to attain.Kahlil Gibran
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
School doesn't start for another hour... Why am I here do early?!
Sign my yearbook? Hold my ball sack?
Either way my response will be the same 'I'm PERFECTLY fine'. ;*
you will have a baby to take care of (: I thought you only liked his song boyfriend? haha I didn't know you liked him like tha
Ok, just making sure. I saw most of y'all there.. i was wondering. Cause ppl tend to jump in the last min. lol
wow RT : Shep Smith on Fox News: 'The President of the United States, now in the 21st century.'
only shortly before he died in 1519.
and d-collections are the Gale type stuff.
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know
This episode is what I have been waiting for all my life... If you read the books, then you know what Im saying
good idea... Did you get the fan?
I second that. New haven road trip soon!
Game 7 of #WorldSeries is just minutes away! -- What is your prediction: #Rangers OR #Cardinals? And who wins the MVP? Enjoy the game!
My whole family is here in Utah. Wah wah.
I'm ready to party like it's 1999 (minus 9).
Best Free Lunch of the Year about to Happen !!!!
You're also in the top ten for jazz airplay chart this week! Congrats!! P.S.-Tell Matt B. at Palmetto I say howdy.
I hope they switch our shift from 6:30am to 3pm at work!!! Thatd be so winning!!
Dear Radio Station, I missed it. I've been waiting since 8 and I freaking missed it. PLAY IT AGAIN. Love, Mahomies who missed it.
“: So nice to meet u! RT : Con #fordmiamilatism #latism”
I wish I had a remote that would allow me to rewind to every stupid mistake I ever made so that way I could fix them.
I'm sitting on a couch with 3 other real people talking real talk
lmao all except the baby! Its gonna b fun lol
He is, he got D-Wade already, Pat Riley shoulda thought twice before maxing out Bosh, save some money for role players
seems like i always had crushes on chicks i couldn't have then end up fucken wit sumbody i shouldn't have
life just went from 0 to cray.
Thanks for the mention in your Sunday article! Are you coming to bike the next Cleveland Critical Mass? :)
proud of ya mane. Keep it up
Use it if you want, otherwise I'm going to be solo zen and drink quite a bit of beer.
Happy Spring! FYI: The vernal equinox arrived at 1:14 A.M. (ET) this morning, marking the earliest start to spring in 116 years.
Teams that lack confidence always find a way to lose. I watch my Chi Bulls 2day and they miss 4 FTs in OT @ MSG. Have confidence & make em'!
we gone be salty af
Good Morning! Have a Terrific Tuesday.....SPREAD LOVE
let us know when you have a game! We'll come cheer for you! :)
forgot i got a ticket for selling beer to a minor when I was working at my dads store..
solid pick up.
Woman+smoking=
My wife sometimes texts me at work, telling me that I've earned a trip to the woodshed. I will think about that ALL day...
I am so dizy , ugh .
Very interesting. I'm looking at doing ToughMudder in September. This could be a nice supporting tool!
Lol i promise i wont judge u if u get one RT : LMAO IM WORKIN ON THAT CHECK MANE!!!!
MT Summary: data (finance, project, research) spurs change. Share stories/tools. Create /data directory on website
One Direction. ( I like that shit) <3
we got that in Vegas, sorry it won't help ya today
Potential of #Pinterest will be interesting to watch, new blog post coming soon Thanks for your replies!
Tomorrow, perhaps?
Home sweet home wheels been down pics n da am
Oh the humanity!
Got me some pizza 😄
Was I the only one that picked up two bags of trash off the streets of Detroit today? Probably but it's Earth Day.
It's a cool technology, but until they have an offline Android app, I can't get excited about it.
i think i just revived them :D
#jasonaldean is coming to miami in August 11 !!!!!
Goodness!!! I'm not into basketball but there's some ill ish going on in March Madness! Mizzou and Duke bit the dust? WIIZZZOW!!!
One week until I leave for Boston to start work as a research fellow at the Center for Connected Health!
Be my Valentine? <3 :)
Great day. Plus, I'm seein tonight in MKE // only issue: I can't find my Oasis t-shirt. Either way, GREAT day.
I swea if i was to move away my mama nd sister wouldnt know what to do.
Yes. a return to Felt Mountain with their next LP in the works would be a dream come true for me.
Just going with the flow. What ever happens, happens. It's
the fat brown fox waslked under the lazy dog.
The good die young so they can get to heaven early & watch over the rest of the slums
Tour in a day and a half. Come Friday to our first show in balti!
A trip down memory lane - Herald Times Reporter
you messed up on that one hahaha
Sometimes it takes more talent to make less noise. Choose your frequencies wisely. #HandwrittenFortuneCookie #Damnit,NowHungry
How does Myers get a hashtag before me?
Thanks for the follow Nick!
vagina street
KV Federal Credit Union members rejected a proposed bank conversion and merger with nearby Kennebec Savings Bank, woo hoo!
You do? Well if you want I could teach you spanish! Defend yoself from putas.
Interview with a 9-year-old super star about to commence..I hope I'm cool enough to roll with this dude, he sets the bar HIGH. Stay tuned :)
When I call you ,i expect you to answer DAS WHY I CALLED !
I'm bored of all my music... 😔
i'm on this website , &' i met this kid from Canada , &' he likes you'r song boyfriend <3 i told you it was amazing <3 (;
It's a Kid Cudi type of night
RT If you hate bullying
Staying light out longer works better for those of us who hate getting up in the A.M. Thanks daylight saving!!
Teacher: "now class, choose a partner". *looking at bff* *bff looking at me* Teacher: "you can start working now" *\( '▽')/ \('▽' )/*
Dinner with just Nicole and I. Can't remember the last time that happened !!
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake. . .
trying to decide what to do with my four day weekend
I think we all did ;-) RT : it was boring ! But I liked the 12.06 dismissal :)
I love you so much and your so cool
❤ Happy Valentines Day ! ❤ ﭢ
haters will still be watching to see how she does #britneybringsinthe$$
RT : Tune in to Great Day STL to catch Bryan Fenkart () from MEmphis!
if I'm even here :/ but I can't do that
wow yur really hot !!!!!
Records Specialist Opportunity Available in corporation in Phoenix, AZ. 2 years of records management experience. Email me at katie.cybor…
It needs to be followed up by "Thanks. I stuffed it myself."
The awkward moment when people spell "come" as "cum".
whales are the most beautiful creatures ever...
#kids Creative Space at Creative Space, Sun, May 20 12:00p: A group show of local artists featuring works by: Aki Ishiguro Bruno...
are you doing anything awesome tomorrow night?
Hm someone has been acting good!
My birthdays next week.
great day to be alive...
Oh if you love me so, don't, dont let me be the last to know.
Yo Joey, come on, man. I know you're in Europe or whatever, but it's still breakfast hours here. Whole day bout to get rearranged....
Me either, but I know for a fact, I'll be saying that.. haha
Counterfeit Canuck jerseys make playoff run too
RT : Real statistic: every single batter walked by Red Sox pitching this year has scored. (Note: not a real statistic.)
You should :D
I'm definately going to wear a scary costume for #halloween. Right now i am leaning towards
How is somebody wit 8500 followers following 2 people....lol.
. I am saying it is two good shows with a turd in the middle.
We're all stars now in the dope shoe
same as my twitta
Sorry, sweeties, but our crochet project has officially SOLD OUT! We hope you'll join us in March...because our project is gonna be CRAZY!
grateful today. deeply.
I feel like dancing!!!
Less than 5 hours until "False Alarms" is on iTunes!
Are you following these great club sports?
“: "To be honest,38 points I was shocked. He got 38 in the context of team basketball. To me, that really says it all'D'Antoni”
i like the name, "Nick's Chocolate Paradise". Its catchy. And lol idk about those pony tail dudes.
Woke up with my hair wrapped around my neck. I think it's trying to kill me.
Agreed. But Union had no attack today RT : I just got back from the game and Hoffman was an absolute non-factor. Waste of 51 minutes.
Teaching is not a vital function, because they are not an end in itself, the vital function is to learn.
JTrek now available on Apple App Store and Android Market!
I WASN'T ALWAYS THE SUAVE MOFO I AM TODAY. (Oh dear. Did I ruin that?) P.S. Thanks.
so glad you made it and loved that dress you had on!
What the IB program makes you: more stubborn and sarcastic (not in a funny way).
makes me so sad when i gett on twitter and it says doesnt follow me. :[
Say that reminds me, maybe I should check the weather forecast...
The Over is 11-1-1 in West Virginia's last 13 neutral site games
Wanna keep your girl? Respect her, care for her, love her, text her first, make sure she knows how you feel about her, and NEVER lie.
Seems to me Cantor is getting a bad rap for her coverage of Michelle Obama. Does she even say anything bad about the first lady?
how was ur tuesday !!?
By definition, leaders can't follow otherwise they are followers, not leaders... Think about that!!
Game time vs #Purps~N~Gold #TuacaChillZone is where u find me at
I'm gonna do it!!! Thanks for the encouragement sweetie :)
drafting a Safety in the first round @ 28 would be a mistake. Other areas of need that have greater depth.
true and true. Just trying to pick your brain a bit. Good stuff.
Nasty boyz think bout having a video shoot soon, so we will be looking for video girls
Kloppenburg supporters energized here - say no city of Madison votes have come in yet. That's where they predict she could do very well.
Foursquare emailed everyone saying I went shopping at Marshalls! Like I'd ever!
Yes, if MLS ET podcast existed 5 years ago would enough people tune in to be offended? Good growing pains to have.
Good talk with my brudder c:
Somebody posted a video with multiple riders in it. Where did it go? We didn't get to see it.
If you don't know the difference between deer pellets, cow pies, and horse clumps, then you don't know shit
Pathetic people are pathetic.
This week thx!
Tweet with your questions for and #DIY and #crowdsource car manufacturing - starting now
I've got 30 CDs to give away find me if you don't have one.
I thought we were all meeting here. Where are ya'll?
you right on that
Downside of being a vampire --being unable to use devices with capacitive touch screens.
r u ever gone take me up on that date????
The problem with eating in restaurants is when you get sat next to inane people who refuse to just
GET THAT CHEESE, DONT BE SCARED OF THAT MICE TRAP
About to buy a Austin Mahone bracelet(:
If you wear alot of makeup, dont say that another girl wears alot? lol
its going to be okay sweetie, cheer up! Love you <3
Tried to explain the Leeroy Jenkins joke on the Daily Show to Eventually gave up.
what a dilemma #hashtag “: #I #love #to #hashtag”
#FF People we love to follow:
I will gladly swap a Primanti's for an Italian beef from Mr Beef there in Chicago! The US Mail might not be too kind to either.
yo! Change your email and password, your sending spam!
What is the point of twitter again?
btw guys, ITS A MONDAY. and that means I AM THE MASTER COMMANDER
omfb , i love your tweets . please follow me back ? :)
Being able to trust someone 100% really makes it that much better. thank the person for that
Bout to have me a #BudLight Lime Lime-a-Rita.
actually i believe they said monday
Elvis has a new movie coming out. Yes, that Elvis. Find out more at theentertainmentbucket.com
RIP Maurice Sendak
no gas money :( can we ride with you? lol
they are still doing CPR!!
I'm glad to hear that Mozilla has announced a "privacy mode" for Firefox 3.1. The update is scheduled to be released in beta form in Oct.
Going on now. Genealogy & Generations Exhibit at Newark School of the Arts!
lol omg I be have 30 kills 5 deaths u must have bad luck
why do you say that?!
Actually, I kind of agree with my sister. They can't change the past once you get back. :p
I showed up an hour late with dilated pupils & blood shoot red eyes, smelled like a rotten apple! Had a crazy midnight rally!
So much fun on the Solar Lounge on Weds, 4/25/12. CUSoon, Shine On!
Kobe got this!!! Lakers to next round!
Sad news to announce: DC has one less pigeon (or one more maimed one), because of my bike tires.
I can't wait for summer. I'm gonna get ready to go visit my hometown Cali (: <333
Wow 10 tweets till my 52k
USC Writers Conference countdown. Join us in LA on April 20
I wish I was doing something fun & exciting right now
The NBA needs its golden boys from NYC in the playoffs. Time to ruin that shit. Let's roll Milwaukee!
What of those who are willing to learn?
Just about anywhere that sells scrapbooking supplies. I was just looking at some today at
Absolutely amazing job on GH this week. Wow!
thanks! I'm sure my mudskipper will make it safely! The pilot has 20 yrs AA under his belt ;-)
I am. Go steelers !!!
The officer elections are at 5:30 this evening in OM320. See you there Bobcats!
yes they are very fun. Just very expensive
Requesting "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
Funny - last time I watched #Madonna on #Nightline was when it aired the full version of 'Justify My Love.' Really toned down her image huh?
we should all tweet the REAL Eva Longoria and confuse her.. Lolol
I've done it.. it's hard! esp. for this kind of piece
Maybe i'm too nice .
hey you. Follow us back!
I'm quite hungry...... But I'm in bed so i have to deal wit it.
lol it's my fault for being late
Replace Howard Cosell w/ Twitter and Facebook and you have the announcement of the death of a musician who spanned generations and genres
Have fun ladies! You both look fabulous! xoxo, Downtown Donna
Yeah no kidding!
it's just ridiculous, especially this year, it's for their taking and they can't get it done
Come On BLUE #Kansas !
W. S. Gilbert~ My object all sublime I shall achieve in time...
tired and geekd
Can't sleep when I need to. Million things on my mind & can't think straight. Stomach in knots. Ugh
I believe all #professional presentation boards should incorporate googly eyes and have catchy titles that rhyme.
Dj double wide!!
Four day work week. Then 10 day vacation!!!!
Trace Cyrus #bemyboyfriend ?
Just a reminder, we are closed today Sat Dec 31, 2011. See you in the New Year on Tuesday, January 3rd!
My pleasure taking them for Chicagoist! Can't wait to head back.
#Brett! #Muppets!! Hhhhuuuuuurraaaahhhh!!
make cook crabs sat evening. U coming?
You're at Loex? My colleague and instructional partner Nicole Branch is there too. I don't know if you'll meet, but she's great.
What's your favorite auction show? I vote Auction Hunters!
oh it's no big deal or anything hehehe ☺
fix the scoreboard!!
There are many who are living far below their possibilities because they are continually handing over their individualities to others.
Anyone know why you can't buy Beatles songs/albums on iTunes?
Football begins & basball season is coming to a close. Time to change into my fall sports clothes...wearing the silver and black..GO RAIDERS
empathy soothes sting. Thank you!
Dancers! What is the weirdest thing you keep in your dance bag? Tweet me in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
I say hell yea hell yea hell yea, I say fuckin right hell yea hell yea(Purple Label)
Whoa. Pain meds are REALLY working. I should probably sleep...
please follow back?? ❤
Having a really bad hair day!
where and when is this event?
I've sicced the grandparents on it. Might get "The Rescuers" for myself.
All rhymers, forget it, like Alzheimers...small-timers...I said it, I'm addressin all the drama!
This sounds hysterical!
Has anyone else noticed that it's hardly ever Friday anymore?
sometimes I just want to scream.
I am sorry I won't see you, will be spending my first holiday with the new in laws this yr. xox
You don't follow ?
Dunwoody. Audiences expect journos keep analytical distance from the issues they contend with.
Everyone has something they can share with a young person. A compliment, how to tie a tie, or a new perspective.
oh, I might accidently burn it with the curling iron. I might try and give myself bangs and screw up.
My girlfriend is the best, one day I am going to marry that girl. Hope I don't screw it up.
Sadly what I remember most clearly abt the LA riots: most of the 9th grade used them as an excuse to cut class and "protest" outside
LETANG JUST DID THE MAX TALBOT "FINGER TO LIPS" MOVE!?!?!?!
was going to buy a copy of 'The Power of Positive Thinking', and then I thought, what good would that do?
$2.50 Bud Light pints ALL NIGHT!!!
Just cost me 80 bucks to fill up the land rover. Holy crap.
When the change was made uptown And the Big Man joined the band From the coastline to the city All the little pretties raise their hands...
On our way to #sf. Hoping to survive the drive
KICK ELIZABETH AND SHERRY OFF THE VIEW !!!!!!!!!!! SO SICK OF THEM AND THEIR IGNORANCE POINTS OF VIEW
#Smallbiz starting off in social media, suggest you use a virtual social manager to respond to your fans
Live-tweeting, obvi. RT excited for the debate tonight?? Any good drinking game key words?? Obamacare lol
ima go to sleep babe ill call you in the morning sweetdreams
Mary from Toronto says There's a free bible in my room!
Thanks Chris! It is always wonderful working with you. You are a class act. Please let me know when our promo goes live.
nah, all my funds are spoken for by Jobs and the Cupertino Gang.
Finishing up a #WordPress theme as a favor to a friend, one last custom widget to go then off to work on one of my sites for once.
ugh my sub in class watching a nasty movie
if you don't like Jump Around by House of Pain... you don't like to have fun.
I'm trying to find a good one! Lol my bike is like 11 sec stock.
Oh, geez... maybe I was. I didn't open it.
dear karrington, what time is the fm june 2 and are all of the dances posted? Im kinda Illiterate on everything right now
so when are the boys going to NY exactly? :o
No they're not. relationships aren't meant to be looked at as miserable or feel like u restricted. and ppl look at them that way now. So sad
Cheerios is a slut-shamer and shit. ;)
no its not i just watched that episode... it was heart breaking. The one about the tennis coach...
are you sad austin left? :/
“: MobileMe to 'Castle' (iCloud?)". Castle in the sky. #iCloud Music to my ears...Hm?
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls. via
I'd like to thank whoever the F Lizzie McNeil is and her decision for opening this establishment.
much better than Sudden Death. Haha.
Thanks for making an appearance at #OccupyLA. Proud to have my rep show their support.
Feeling all the muscles in my back *clapping* :-) thanks to &
obviously RT : one flat-screen tv at this dmv office is dedicated to a still image of keanu reeves against a tie-dye background.
aww im only a few million miles away!<3
Holy antiques! At the Urban Market w/ Mom. I want it all.
Looking good today.
The #redsox will be rebranding themselves as the Red Hot Mess
Wolf Blitzer trying to maintain...
what kind are they bf?
Great, I was hoping there would be a tribute! Thx for sharing.
Thanks for the wonderful malbec blend and the cheese plate
no ma'am she is trying out for cheer
Surf's Up! Check out the newest warmer and tango tangerine, um!
Almost got hit by a car today ....
It's that time again.
Happy Birthday!
yeah it usually is, people give me a weird look when i say my mom does all the drinking
There are 6,987,716,951 people on this plant, and only 1 gets to marry May the odds ever be in YOUR favor.<3
yea yea
In the rain? How was the complex? A ghost town I guess?
jus got some hard ass beats in....dro we in there its time to eat
#wiunion Well #Waukesha County? #Milwaukee bigger and better. It makes few errors; has fast election results. #Barret our city is
One follower away from 100...
Museum >= school object <= case-study
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
if time is all we lost. I'll try it!
thanks:) but im not going to Tmc until Friday ...i have soccer games this whole week.
Who's social cycling tonight? I am!
I mean, what would you have said about Gary Sheffield, the worst brewer ever?
I need a writing cabin, or maybe a flag system. When the flag is up, I am in the writing zone. Do not disturb!
"Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night."
I LOVE U
It'd be cool if I could sleep...
Yall getting sick of my RSVP tweets yet??? TOO F***IN BAD!!! :) jp
it's cool. I'll be doing HW in the computer lab 'til then. Lemme know.
We have the new iPad in stock in both Millersville and Lanham. Call to reserve yours! 1-866-MAC-MEDICS
Why aren't you in #torchat right now? You're gonna regret it.
Cmon #Ags, don't disappoint me!
Chris rocker is the man thanks for the school tour and supporting all the upcoming artist
The only reason #ozzie was suspended is so the Marlins don't lose fans. It was the right move but it need not be taken further.
text me tomorrow if you go though.
A John Daly - an Arnold Palmer with sweet tea vodka - is even better. :)
#Redsolocup was mortifying...thanks
HUG2010 generated ideas, new relationships, and renewed marketing vigor for HubSpot customers and those following from afar
and yeah...hope the lakers win tonight!
Are the airlines just screwing with ? They could show but not book a flight; suspiciously, 's website had no problems…
Glad You are on here. Have a great weekend!
...up super early.
Watching #TheWalkingDead while discussing whether Thumbelina is a good movie or not.
Hows about and I take a weekend trip down there soon and we can all hunt together :)
aww,you're welcome :)
I definitely didn't expect this...
Just won the Book of Mormon lottery!
Discuss how you translate & interpret business strategies to clarify direction & to gauge impact on current plans.
Two days of filming down....4 to go!! I am SO PROUD of my cast!! They are OUTSTANDING!!
gotta love those red eye flights for some last minute sight seeing!
guilty as charged
Hey, sexy ass. Banging your ass would def make it a good day.
Walton for your b-day Haha what we doin?
Re-RT : Stumbled upon tent b/c singer gorgeous Bjork-like voice booming down street. Look her up.
Hey boo we playin the shoot by ear due to thunder storms and shit.. RT : hey
And i went last time... are you gonna go?
#20ThingsAboutMe: I don't put up with bullshit
Prostate cancer is actually more than one disease, each requiring a unique therapy targeting the specific cause. Genome Research (Oct 2010)
Provided the weather doesn't pour down too much this weekend, some tree plantings will take place in honor of Earth Day. #motherEarth'sDay
Are you signed w/ ? Then you have a dance day coming up on April 19th. 10am - 3:30pm. Tons of classes Check emails for more info.
Lovely evening on the porch, sipping a new concoction of 4 Gin 4 grapefruit juice 1 St. Germain Elderflower liqueur. Oh, and the flag is up!
Justin did not tweet that 'i have to move on' tweet last weekend if the Forbes interview was last week and it says Selena is his gf in it.
what's the beginner first step in learning to scream vocals?
If ur not waiting...... U will soon b waiting! So decide now how u will spend that time!
We GRIND for our city.
Watchin this movie about coco chanel....she was feisty! Lol
thansk for the FF! Rest up and get better, hun.
u guys talk about games? jk
SHE RTED ME AGAIN! HOLY FUDGE BALLS.
Thank you so much Linda, it is I who am honored to call you friend!
Just to verify b/c I have issues with this. Tomorrow, Wednesday, right? I'll be there just after 6.
This hazelnut coffee is brightening up my monday morning! ☀☀☕
bout time you tweeted thought this was shut down
Happy Birthday to former Wisconsin Governor Tony Earl. Born today in 1936 in Lansing, Michigan. He served as governor from 1983 to 1987.
there is a nail place in the Archstone Ballston Square building.
Ahh!!! End of summer. I wish I could snap my fingers and be done! Editing the edits.
She's still in Cincy.
Do they still have the guys going up and down the train every 2 minutes offering kulab jamon and chicken lollipop?
Thanks for the shootout!
Happy Friday, everyone. Let's get ready for a long day of nothing.
THEN, this morning, my CPA called 2 tell me that, I never owed California anything, and they basically just stole Davis' college fund...
June 26th Beer Land with Waxeater. Be there.
The basketball Gods have delivered. The game is close and gathering steam. Very nice.
Getting ready to start shooting..
it was mustard
I just watched the finale & cried ):
Has anyone ever gotten a great deal at the campus bookstore? Anyone?? Please let us know.
Very cool.
dont miss the peanut butter cookies, and they're small enough to not feel guilty eating 1 for dessert!
Why are you gonna be at Saugus High?!?!
I think I messed up? Wish people would stop asking you! #whatdoido?
Emoticons are for 14 year old girls bro RT : Lots of enraged Os fans today! Wasn't tryin to strike nerves..sorry people!😥
I'm un-motherless ain't got no mom nor dad.. this undie it's by it's own! living with his 2 buddies Penis[Nickyballz] & Butt HELL YEAH!
Who knew that just coloring your hair , was painful ?
our boy = swag
You know you're not at #cildc when you get picked on for tweeting a session. :-)
M beer... sweet nectar of Sunday.
My bro just got Fireballed. Feel like I did the first time he got quoted in the FT. Pretty cool.
I've learned not to makea lot of this stuff personal. A lot things in the game are politics. Not talent based. What can u do but go hard?
watchingg the day after tomorrow:)
Odd to San Francisco for Equality California/Equality California Institute board meeting and Awards Dinner this weekend.
I'm not supposed to, but I'm taking breaks to work in the garden, too. It's currently 78 degrees here.
What's your pick for tomorrow's two Championship games?
Not in a good mood today.
is proud to be a Faronic Partner! Clients routinely tell us that Deep Freeze is the best product they've ever bought!
LOVE YOU!
How the hell can Taco Cabana run out of taco shells?
Choose local & independent & build a strong local economy .
seems like it's mutual but if he wants to stay the red sox would be dumb to let him go
Let's see if you're a man of your word...done
totally agree!
I SMELL LIKE DONUTS
#dontthinkmovie was seriously great! I almost had a seizure!!! Yes, I would do it again. Thanks Inge!
Manningham from Manning ... TOUCHDOWN #GIANTS!
Serious hippie transformation taking place. Mixing my own essential oils for clients and listening to a lot of Sting. Please send help.
very excited about some of the ideas floating around with and - should be a lot of fun.
Going back to #UMW to teach EVERYONE salsa. Plus this mascot is gonna have some sweet moves.
had dinner w/ the Pages, finished my prep for MC-ing, now gotta execute.... 20 hrs until #cmumusic100 at the Benedum Center & live on
Aint no lover like the one I got, no need to mess around cause he gives me a lot.
Data shows that blended learning improves outcomes, but studies can't pinpoint why.
Hey boys. Dm me. Im hard
Im here!
": "Morn'ting sistergirl" RT : Good morning to all tweeters"what's new in divine apparel
Just realized that supports only two languages - English and Mandarin Chinese. Cool, I can practice 中文 while managing my money.
Q7 How do I get on track to become a #milliondollar business?
Amateur Contest Registration HAS BEGUN! SHOW!
Each time you eat, you create an environment for oral bacteria to develop
I plan on getting so schwasty pants this week that will be throwing up too!
Oh Dennis Kucinich, you little bugger.
UL over UK? Cmon dick you know better my friend
Aw, give a jam-band lover a shot! They're good guys, usually.
Thanks to all new followers ! ,,,,
Just because we got the ball back doesn't make it the right decision. 95 yards to go, less than 2 minutes. Chances we get a TD?
Can you send us more details at ? thanks!
who wants to make glitter easter eggs with me?! :)
I hope I start working 2day.
Hey #5D owners! Based on the new specs, how many of you are ready to sell off, trade in, or just chuck your Mark IIs for the Mark I?
Just a little bit longer till the semester is over and I start my summer of traveling!
*insert Marv joke here*
It's a fun read;-) -RT- "Leisure reading," says the bartender at of his 34-page spirits list. Let the games begin.
Just going to keep my mom in my prayers
I know I'll never get the hair back in my profile pic, but that jacket is somewhere. $100 reward! I think it's in Baton Rouge.
Umm I think Exon would disagree
My bad. Everyone can do what they want. It's a 100% free country.
Is it only or is everyone elses mentions unorganized?
In two hours I will be coaching my football team to another victory and we will be 6 and 1 and on to the playoffs.
Awesome win ! Glad I stayed up for that!!
Anthony Green of CIRCA SURVIVE playing acoustic right before STATES headlines The Door tonight!! Secret show.
Rickie Fowler is playing lights out. Wow. Already at -8
Great to see have active you are! sent you info on our latest product yesterday. Feel free to let me know your thoughts
quite an all-star team sitting in the trainer's room. And it's still early May.
Good day to spend time in line at #Nats Park in CF plaza
#OccupyOurFoodSupply on #F27 : CREATE healthy food systems. RESIST corporate takeover of our food supply. via
Welcome Dr. Kanyoro. We are thrilled to have your leadership in Women's Funds!
If came to Indianapolis, it would be the best night of my life.
The security guard admitted to being a fan!!!!! :D Xx Love it
whoo hoo! saturday night ~ sitting in front of the space heater with my kitties.
Me:What time is it? Friend:2:30 Me:IT'S YUNHO TIME! Friend: ...I'm pretty sure it's 2:30. Me:-___- okay.
I-75 southbound between Exit 159-KY 22 and Mile Point 160 north of Scott County. All lanes are blocked. Detour planned. 5 hours delay.
the pleasure was mine Billy! Glad I can help.
Just rubbed a huge spot of hair dye into my carpet.
Rubio out for the season. Awful.
I thought I was already following you, until I just looked (when I saw a retweet). I'm not very smart.
Omg there's a black wasp in my house):
what did i say?
Just got to Art Bar for the after party and I've got lots of free drinks to give away!
Difference between male & female swans: size. Difference between SiteSwan websites & others: Beauty...and SEO, easy editing, mobile site...
Gas prices being what they are, the Barbie car felt irresponsible
Waiting in the lobby as usual to go to the warped grounds! Utah I hope your ready to dance your faces off! 3:20 Skull Candy stage =)
thank you
I hope u do too I am blessed to be able to go to these games
I'm so tired but zumba was so fun all stressness is gone :)
Are you excited for the meet and greet with Mary Kay Andrews this week? We sure are! Join us at the Tifton Library!
hope all is well :).
thanks for the follow. Keep doing your thing!
um, what's that again?
We're closed today and tomorrow! Come in Tuesday for some post-Christmas libations! Merry Christmas to all!
very curious to know. Just joined b/c I realized how much I was missing, how professionally productive more communication can be
And every cowboy sings a sad sad song
We're trying to finalize our list for all the hot spots! Stay tuned :)
would like an api key for
RT : i swear your always crackin me up! "Uncle Ben" is too funny lol! <~~~~~ :)
im gonna like kill my math teacher :-/
aww I pray u feel better Jen! Love u :)
And there was much rejoicing!
yea, from the er waitin to get triaged
Check out snippets of my beats on the right hand side under Band Profile
winner winner, chicken dinner.
I Kinda GIGGLED WHEN YOU SAID I GOT THE BLACK CAN WITH A GREEN M! :D
I can't possibly imagine why I miss you, but some things you just don't understand, I guess.
combating #foodcoma - short hazelnut soy latte from :)
One more week until I play Annie in #Annie - Rehearsals all next were @ the college. #EXCITED for Annie, Jr. broadway
Specials from Galaxy Digitizing, available on bulk orders of at-least 100 qty for patches.Any questions, contact
I dont play, I'm at Club Play on a Friday. Need to detox, I'm smokin Chronic like Dr. Dre.
7 exes ! with Vegan! Vegone ! be gone! yeah! milk of an animal ! strength of love is not effective !
ooh they look yummy...
Now everybody knows I'm not high on the Lakers, but damn. You gotta give props where props are due.
A little concerned about Hostess Brands intention of fileing Chapter 11and the 10 for $1.00 sale on their products at Albertsons.
I love being in the Magic City!
We spend more per capita on health care than any country in the world -- more than $8,000 per person --and yet we are ranked only 36th. WHO
I would do the same thing. You handled the situation very well.
call me at 2703178082
come on... A little Bronson Pinchot from "True Romance" ?
When calls me a slut<<< Breaks my heart :(
check what all the buzz is about...google torc helmets ;)
Dropped off a car rental 2day & customer svc dude was hot! Inspected the rental & said "Ok no stains." Me: Not yet ;) He smiled & blushed.
The prison Guard who took so much pleasure in killing Mad Jack opened his house door to go to work. I hope he saw the Beautiful blue sky
Always ready
Thanks for listening! And no better time to play basketball than during March in Indiana :-)
Bringing religion to my office by blasting Jesus Christ Superstar.
30 minutes until the polls close...let's keep pushing!
There are legitimate mgrs that rep actors and submit for commercials. You won't need both agent & mgr if you just want to book commercials.
I am trying to imagine a 22 year old Barack talking to Barnard women about being CEOs in 1982.
Ignore the haters and Just smile <3 either way she's making herself look dumb cause you actually did tget alotta numbers :p
Im straight up with my women . I don't play mind games if I like you then I tell you its not hard
Word of the trip: fingerblast. Don't ask about it, no one here knows.
BURNED OUT TODAY HARD WORKOUT ...
marc better than pau gasol and ion give a fuck what nobody say. atleast this season
YOUR WELCOME
you're lucky you don't talk to me at school. Ahah
I NEED SLEEP.
Can I consult with you for a few minutes about recording conf sessions? Please DM me a contact path...
Wiz Khalifa-Work Hard Play Hard
Do you know how many Kwh your refrigerator uses in a year?
Even Some Vigorous Activity Boosts Kids’ Heart Health - Adding 20 More Minutes of Exercise a Day Can Make Big Difference...
Green Power Energy supports Holy Name Health Care Foundation by contributing to the Holy Name Classic Golf Tournament taking place today.
It's almost lunch time already.. Wtf.
brewster with jags
July 9, 2012 will mark 50 years since the Civil Rights Education marches in Englewood. Shepherd v. Board of Education
Having some Technical Issues with the new episode. Should be up by Wed or Thursday.
Vegas will be rockin'!! So cool you'll be there.
What are your plans for the weekend?
Thank you!
Great news! She rocks “: Yippee! Our former intern landed a full-time gig at a PR agency in town.And a really great one too.
JK - I've been reading tweets all day!
Young wild and SAVED #iSwitcheditUp AbitWiz
Tel Aviv baby
Critics Cinderella with
“: #BecauseItsInTheCup” or can. I'll bring a cup tomorrow. Glad someone is on my level of wittiness.
Im Always Up Chasing My #Dream !
Listening to La Lupe (yiyiyi). I love that maniacal laugh she had. Cracks me up every time
RT : Would love to head to w/ a Lions win. They need to step up that D like a fleet of #Ford F-350 Diesels!
my email inbox needs some de-cluttering. going on a massive unsubscribe spree. it might get ugly.
That is a deep, appalling tragedy.
LOL. Hayleigh tweeted it from my phone at lunch and it won't delete
On the road again...almost home to Minneapolis. Just two more rainy hours in an SUV towing a 30' trailer.
you're so dangerous!
RU looking 4 a way 2 help Joplin? Help Convoy of Hope make a difference: Txt CONVOY to 50555 to give a $10 donation. Stndrd txt msg rts appl
I'm pretty fortunate. The theater I'm going to tonight has assigned seats that the ticket buyers get to choose.
lol mind your business
Chocolate chip pancakes? Don't mind if I do! ^_^
Hey, is BGFBP still alive?
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how amazing he is <3
Groove is in the Heart
Sharpen the lathe. Mill seeds into trees of bread loaves. Share crumbs of the table to illuminate your world.
For sure. Keep spreading the word about what we're trying to do
its just I've been working my butt off for what feels like nothing
This Girl.
So freakin' excited!...and hungry. RT : La Parada and wedding invite caucus with and tonight.
Oh, BADOO. Whatever. -Me
I want a guy who will see me wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful." :)
baby what you talking about
They should make a website about the things Asian parents say. Just showed Dad that I got 2 A's and a B and all he said was, "you did fine"
Are they going on sale today for the presale? x
is delicious. by far the best cupcake i have had in a while
RT : Support the Y! Support our community! Register for our St. Patty's Day 5k, 10k or Leprechaun Chase!......
Count me IN. I'll do anything to see my boyfriend Leo on the big screen. RT um titanic 3D wed?
Damm, that only lasted a week, she got to boring!
She claim she bad ;) but all she doin is lookin bad with all then niggas homie hopin.
follow me if you have #SWAG (:
"What's he gonna do with that axe?"-girl next to me "He gon chop dem bitches up"-me
then you have a blessing Peyton <3.,
is trying to get into the Christmas "spirit" and can't get the darn bottle open..geez!
“: My parents think my friends are bad influences, but honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.”
not just him.. the whole team. They are hitting the ball well
Thanks for the Donation hommie! Now hit up some other people! :)
“: they used to say that about the west. Was a great place to build.” < THAT is definitely true.
Feels like I got hit by a semi... feels like I'm dying. Worst way to end the last week of classes.
That awkward moment when you stretch & your inner pornstar moan comes out.
I find tattoo artist to be hella sexy!!
3 more months to be 21
congrats on the win!
One day soon. Sooner than most can even imagine.
you know its true
can we go half on a baby
Thursday night is movie night! Come down & keep warm inside with a movie on Van Gogh and a hot toddy!
Imma a man of business, that other shits for the losers..!!
Well I agree With Ric Flair,he is the greatest Wrestler in the History of Wrestling,if he says no its no
What is your favorite thing to do on a Saturday? We like to BBQ in Parking lots.
My hair is hard as a rock.
Papa john looked like he was on crutches and they edited them out in the commercial running during Sunday night football.
Worst day:(
bringing back memories of the "Heidi" game...
i respect it, but it's difficult for me to appreciate religion when it causes so many problems in the world.
92 Food Baskets and hundreds of Chicagoans have a Thanksgiving dinner they couldn't afford. Mission accomplished! www.feedchicago.org
sexy strange one though
Spring Auctions - New York Times
Aesop Rock - Daylight
There's no evidence that you can't do it... only evidence that you haven't done it yet.
I like Scandal w Kerry W. She is a beast in a mans world.
US GOV can not the postal service much less FDA tobacco Health care the red tape nightmare is to disgusting to fathom! I know GOV BS to well
Faden: public presentation of student projects shifts burden of communication from reader to writer.
Penguins set to announce Crosby's ovaries are almost healed.
a baby is something special
It's the worst when your in a hurry to leave in the morning and your windows are frosted over.
And yet there seems to be so much enthusiasm for this place on Chowhound, etc. Did everyone else not notice?
Opps too many cocktails... Ok. Redo
Matt Canada has about as good a resume as one can hope for having coached at Indiana and NIU ... which is to say, still kinda crappy.
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Sitting here trying to think of some shit to type
Get up and out to the game tonight. Weather's real nice, the #Bats are coming off a win and $1 Budweisers.
2012 is on.. eek!
To all my followers that I don't talk to......hi!(:
I'm a proud capitalizer!!! I got addicted to
Back to back ugly turnovers. Uh Oh.
correct 5pm Austin time
I bet I'd win the apprentice.
I've hit an all time low going to brunch n this yoga pants ensemble. says I look like a ninja. Sweetest thing he's ever said 2 me
Just want to give it the proper respect. Not to worry, alarm set for 40 minutes early so it can be watched & discussed in the AM.
What to expect in the year of the Rabbit-- Astrologers project "quiet, positive and inspiring" things to come. Excellent time for arts.
You're love is one of a kind.
I think I'm gonna log off. It's been real.
Florida senior basketball player Erving Walker was convicted of stealing a taco from a street vendor & ordered to pay a $300 fine.
New shots. Check it out. Http::/www.williamcallan.tumblr.com
RT : Budget is biggest catalyst for change, from stovepipes to enterprise
...the celebrations continue with a flying monkey, a stroll through 40,000+ pictures & videos of the kids to date, and a 2nd party on Sunday
Really? Beach Boys? Really? Couldn't get the 8th Generation of Temptations or something??
I WANT IN!!
don't even start with that lol
aha just have to tell u i love that ring u always wear :) #iloveyou <3 :D
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson I love BooBear because its obvious he loves the boys so much! :)
Phone bill too high but I am watching adam richman like chocolate sweet
And you guys still are better than
Yes, I have seen Big Love or, as my friend Elmer Fudd calls it, Big Wuv... Hee Hee Hee
cuz they appreciate the layers of strategy
“The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.”
Taco time?
ok cool i better get an invite to that tell ya moms I said whats up
Last night at was an amazing experience. S/o to
Coloring my best friend 's hair. Haha she's one hot bitch.
4 hours of sleep and pop up FNO tonight. I am going to need espresso!
I think the baseball thing I referred to is in Shore's Culture in Mind if you want more of it. Good stuff.
my event is in Las Vegas/blue sky yoga become an ambassador at yogaaid.com/usa
Loving this couple on #propertybrothers James and I are both "not feeling it" but the brothers have vision. Want them here, now.
this lady has bunny ears on her phone
I appreciate the follow..... its a huge honor!!!!!
We're saddened to hear news of the passing of writer Michael Louis Calvillo. Much too soon...
My sweet hubby makes the best BBQ !!!
Just went on a run. Feel good. Yeah (:
likewise, & if you ever have any musical events to promote, that have potential guest performers for my kind of show, get in touch
lol oh I'd smash both
Already putting on my sad face in anticipation of the #Cleveland #Browns draft picks tonight.
This week: On Friday and Saturday, we're performing for 's Swan Lake!
Someone asks if storing EU Personally Identifiable Info on US servers escapes EU Directive. Nope. US servers need to "safe harbor"
I'd have assumed the cause of agitation to be the arrest. But what do I know? & LAPD is paid not to be nervous.
It's as much a literary and existential experience as a game. I kinda sniffled at the end :(
awww shnap! Thanks for the Mandonna love! WE love you too!
Hi folks...thanks for returning the follow!
i am! I kno i am!(gotti)
RT : Looking forward to checking it out. Thank u blessings
hey they're called iranians, buddy ;)
On last chapter of Create Dangerously by Edwidge Danticat. Why do some books have to end?
Yes Ma'am
Opening day! Time to get money come in and visit
AND YOUR OUTTA HERE!!!!!!!! (in my umpire voice)
i will
I can't wait to see you June 12 - June 14 💜
You too!
Just got a random book recommendation from a stranger on the bus. That was a nice start to the day.
I hope so!! You can prob watch it on YouTube
Happy Valentine's Day to my favorite girl....Mary Jane:)
Curious to hear you expand on that. Pool money for small biz great; downside is banks fund conservative me-too ideas.
Stop by and see us in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour! $12 per person. 5-8pm at the bar!
I would probably fail my classes cause I wouldn't pay attention I'd be crying the whole time
how cool! Care to share?
lol idk what work is lol I need a J.O.B. Jock off buddy lol I'm gonna hit the gym then lake
Fun times at the giants game. On the train.. Finally headed back home!
Jeez, you write ONE flu poem and *boom* you're a weirdo. It undid all the good accomplished by my semicolon poem.
If I can figure out how to eat ice cream and nap at the same time, this day MIGHT get better. Otherwise, end it, please.
You're right about how ugly the brute-force is, since the "real" solution is a *very* pretty cluster of integrals
Logged me out, I logged in again, still says inactive.
OH I FUCKING MISS YOU! 💩
Kissing pink.
I have a tendency to wanna do things like begin a long game or something wen my bus is near my stop. Idk y.
World Trade center building will be up today and taller than Empire State Building!
Hey! How are you? :)
None...I'm still trying to read. I'm about to say eff this paper and go to sleep!
#TNC10 National drug control 5 priorities (cont.) 4. Special Care for Offenders. 5. Improved Data Systems.
I'd rather be crazy. I'd rather go insane, than having you stalk my every thought, than having you here inside my heart.
she is ok. thanks ..doing much better since the orange are playing ball now.
Not your best work.
He will win COY! Especially when they win tomorrow. Signed, the dude that beats Jeff in fantasy baseball each year
Ugh I hate going to the DMV.
what's good with ?
What would your entrance music be when walking up to the batters box? #MLB #Yankees #TheShow - Some comments will be featured on Chasing800!
bo this sucks !
Send Me ya info
>>>MLM News! Origami Owl( New Company Listing )
; Met you and your wife in Chicago at Blk writers convention 13 yrs ago...class act then, class act now. Stay strong Mr Scott!
Shooting Vegan 101 Season 2 with Eric Roberts next week!
It's amazing how a car window rolling up can actually be the highlight of your day
i wa just at the showw !!!!
Lived my John Woo fantasies Nerf-style while "house managing" #KILLINGWOMEN for last night. never knew what hit her.
haha Idc where we go . But like are you guys riding rides?
March 2012 Housing Starts in Vancouver and Abbotsford
It is my joy and radiant giving heart that sends out blessings on this beautiful day, the eve of Thanksgiving. May all beings be happy, jo…
you're so desperate...
you the smartest girl ik! You aint a green marker eater
#protopeeps .... I will be gone for awhile....take care
good hanging with you! wish you and the missus safe travels home.
thank you(:
Adding a "We're shutting #Clipmarks down" email to my collection. Appreciate: "thank you for being part of our journey."
You should wear your puka necklace tomorrow when you get your braces off!!(: #BringBackTheMemories <33 Are you excited??? I AM
Hey #hyperlib & #transtech students..CONGRATS! And hugs from Portland, Maine!
haha I wish...nope just at work but miss you let's get drinks one of these nights!
Just finished reading The Magician King by Extremely glad to know there will be a third book.
LOL for the groundlings, go tomorrow, sat, and or wed?? not sure if i can make it tonight
Fuck off all Ye Yankees, Red Sox and Dodgers, because here in the Burgh, we raise Jolly Rogers.
If you hear and you says he's good, call 911. You're probably having a stroke.
Nice to see is making his way back to KC. Welcome back, Johnny!
#Brewers have A-Rod now? :)
that is so disturbing! 😖
10th street is so fucked up.. Atlanta might as well have fuckin gravel roads.
so true!! They know the roots about u!!!
Users want their data aggregated. One stop shop. Walker
Have a great Thursday! Namaste.
yeah haha where'd u see me
Please follow and support our good friend
It sucks knowing that you come second to the person you put first.
Omw to the mall
Byu football hey I had a friend from high school play football for them. . Thx for the follow
Yea. Even a Best Buy might carry it if you have one in town. Mainly Amazon is a good site to find it.
I have no clues what sunday night scene it...
Can you give us specifics? Times, dates, locations, directions? With that information we can investigate. Thank you.
You should follow me :)
it's for community service
And no! Im not jumping on the bandwagon, I've always wanted a banjo!
Raise funds to fight brain cancer Nov 19th 6-10 pm @ Arden Hills Country Club in Sac. To purchase tix & for info visit www.jrstebbins.org.
So thrilled you liked the new location!
Had a productive day. Now time to sleep! :)
because Tampa wanted to move in front of Cleveland to take same player Cleveland wanted.
what you guys did there was simply amazing! Congrats to you all!
TTB expects to have a final version of its new COLA form available for use by the end of June 2012.
So much for Kyle Orton always making "good" decisions
ughh the one man looking coach is such a bitch.
you've been foiled by your own sense of indignation.
Can a locked-down Google Site replace your internal wiki? Internal documentation? I'm beginning to think the answer is yes!
#FF -that’s flip-floppin’ Friday!
One Direction<3
Who is the real Leslie Knope? A Maoist? Bobby Newport is the man to trust, Pawnee. Paid for by Sweetums Candy Co
7 Days of Sex sounds like a good week but could also be a painfull week lols
do u wanna follow me?:)
gracias. Happy Valentine's Day to you!
Im MC Hammer about my money...You can't touch this
Absolutely! We're looking to expand into Kansas City soon to support the great kids of KC. Stay tuned!
Since I'm late I might just go to McDonald's
wait, more to life than work? huh?
Patience is key
Sister Sybil Boddington: As a young girl, my aunt, Sybil Boddington, who has died aged 92, wanted to be an actor..
Am I the only one not watching fresh prince of Bel air...?
Here in the ATL, tomorrow we head out to Panama, call u when we get back! Luv ya sissy!
No matter what you do or where you go, the #BBN will always support you! Wish you the best bc you definitely deserve it!
You should not make terrible choices or prefer to eat junk food
Shabazz Palaces is definitely worth checking out. One of the best records from the few last years. Videos are great too.
Just finished part 1 of Time and the Rani. Actually, it isn't as bad as some people say it is. On to part 2
Even though its Mother's Day i really don't feel like dealing with my family.
Brace yourselves
The past can't see you, but the future is listening
Just played Turn to You to my mom. is making me a better daughter.
waxing philosophic are we?
Heat Fans if yall lose Sunday ...it's a wrap!
It's shaping up to be a gorgeous day in #NOLA! Spring is just around the corner! Sweeten things up with some delicious Magnolia Bay Toffee!
#CLIPPERNATION STAND UP Battle Cry!! RT : Ok team... Strap up... We r going 2 war... We need y'all
Today was some day. Began with a discussion with Parkside's chancellor and ended with a call from Madison's. Everybody
Game time!
choice is good! thanks for the pic.... what did you get?
please tell ur son I think he's awesome and I love his drawing :-)
move from 6 to 2 & give up three 1st round picks & one 2nd; take time to play out but Hershel trade
did it really list him as one of the most dynamic people the PAC has ever seen??
Really fun show at Diesel tonight! Thanks to everyone who came out!
Gonna hit the ground runnin' ... I'm ready for you Monday!
Hi Ryan, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Hooray for a great launch week!! Look for exciting new offers on Monday as well as a National Offer on Wednesday!!
My hair looks like shit today -.-
5% off for new clients in January. Includes shirts, Hoodies, business cards and more. Make sure to mention the Twitter ad.
Xmas music is playing at
because it's cold and dangerous and it won't start til 12 anyways
What was it like when that Another Bad Creation song Iesha came out in the 90s
Today is the first day of the rest of your life
Design Tip: Use similar colors to create a feeling of calmness. - Blues, greens, purples.
#SanDiegoEnvironmentalists - Ready for Monday? Informative and invigorating rally to #StopSDGDPowerlink at 12:30! 2nd & Ash
You bet I do!! I love your icon man :D how you been??
I didn't sing at all man Ms.Spann could've waited
Top o' the mornin' to ya twitterians!!!
totes gonna dm you. bc he can see these tweets.
My acct was recently hacked, sorry for any odd or rude messages
+ “: Co-sign. RT : The Facebook social reader is the worst thing on the Internet.” <-- agreed!
Excited to play with Tonight at Portside in (Canton) Baltimore to kick-off St. Patty's Day wknd!
NEVER? I'm a junkie. Good morning! Am I the only person alive who hasn't seen "Star Wars"? Oh, well. May the 4th be with you anyway.
you should knock on his door once and then leave before he can answer. Not really.
Tom Aldana from Super Star Tattoo giving out free Tattoo Gift Cards while guest bartending with Maddie tonight at the Monkey!!
Letterman's boring me to death tonight. Trying to stay up for the
Nick Knight! <3
ok, confession time. Who ever called the 1-900 number the NK had back in the day? And did you get in trouble?
I'm not sure I'm that adventurous anymore...maybe in the daylight
tired of being that chick....
CONGRATULATIONS Tim! You've proven yet again that you're the #Ninja Journalist I've always said you are!
Don't call me Nancy.
I have not!
my bad babe
We have six left. I think I just need to stop eating the cupcakes now.
Amazing words from
We are following the same number that are following us. So are the same people we're following just following us? So meta.
"The measure of the person's value and legacy … is his impact on your life." ~MilesMcPherson re: Seau
It was a pleasure to finally meet yesterday!
What if I dislike my city? Is there a way to start ALL over from the beginning? I didn't know how to play at first...HELP!
It's finally taking a nap :)
Open Office - freeware
hahahahahahahah we are in the same shoe lol so wat do yhu suggest we shld do bae x
Oracle Announces Oracle Utilities Customer Self Service
did you just leave?
hey bitches! Lol!
AMEN Alli! It's crazy, so many people are ending their lives because of people with no feelings.
thanks for the add & ! much love :)
so I voted using my twitter. My last sent EXACTLY at 12:00 and counted!
As long as he gets me 30+ save and 90+K, I'll be happy. Give me an ERA around 3.50 and a WHIP around 1.20. All good
Is congress listening to all these challenges. "Send me the bills that create these jobs." What are you waiting for?
RT Monday night is playing at Sonar in Baltimore with
Record number of employers & students at our career fair tonight! Record level of tiredness from this advisor. Still, an exciting day!
Hi Brooke, great that you found this. Their wedding was very a great day. The picture looks like a dream.
Anything>Anything
woouuw 'one time' are u OK??
: always glad to have you...hope you enjoyed!
whats a good resource if your just starting as a writer?
I am a little late, but just found out. RIP Donna Summer- music of my youth!!
Still in the taxi line at airport. At least is here to make it bearable
&& I think I really like who I'm becoming, there's times I might do it, just to do it , like its nothing .
best tweets ever girls you should follow
okayy! Well we might just come by & surprise you sometime :)
Tonight's 7-4 Red Sox win might provide the spark Boston needs for a powerful momentum swing. Now let's sweep the O's.
I never have to complete, to feel accomplished.
"Love me, love me. Say that you love me... Pretend that you love me". Thank you, Cardigans.
Enjoying wine & cheese at eno. I said maybe ill open a cheese bar 1 day. Boyfriend says - you would prob eat us out of business.
And then they bitch that no one is treating them fairly!
RT : Next time someone says Y.O.L.O. I'm gonna pull out my gun and say "sadly..."
I always ASS-ume that office comments r directed at me, so i punch myself & bow my heada in shame :)
S/O to fa da follow. I preciate it
no problem :) yes, but you're still more amazing.
Got it! Thanks so much. Just signed up. I'll send you an email in a few.
1855www4USA is a toll-free number for updates on Wounded Warrior Week (www) - 4 US service members, wounded warriors, families, & caregivers
I think that's The Tipping Point. Connectors. Mavens and ?
Hey, I just wanted to let you know your voice is amazing! :D
Thank you!
I may be loud, out spoken, a jerk at times, argumentative, opinionated, sometimes judgemental, anal etc. but im not a LIAR #ImMe #Flaws&All
1 MORE MINUTE!!! #BOYFRIEND PREMIERE!!!!
band Perry
I'm too loyal and too focused to be losing and be hopeless
Will that be aired?
Just finished week 1 day 1 of #C25K with !
If you play #NBALegend you should add me on FB.
10 more frames to go until i reach the point i wanted to get to today... Fuck animation lol
We're very fortunate! RT That is awesome, I didn't realize that was working with
Yup. Even tho I delete a single entry it is raised from the dead each night. Email on it's way.
Ouch from NY, but accurate sir.
sorry you can't handle my fangirling. lolololol. I'm done, don't worry :)
Listening to "With Tour Friends" by with my dog realizing this is probably what she hears when i talk to her
call/text me right quick cuz I have a business question.
Glad to hear it and enjoy the event (wish I were attending!)
Thanks, Koji! You should come to Lismore! I'll post the conference itinerary once it's finalized.
You know it!
Me & kids just dont mix. Im too impatient & impulsive.
It's way too late to be getting to bed. Have to be up at 6am to train...not gonne be a fun morning.
I might have to talk see if I can talk The Hubby into Netflix. He's not big on subscription things.
nice meeting you lastnight dude. You playing anywhere this evening?
thanx boo all love :-) thanks for coming
Big thanks to & for a great talk this morning Awesome talk, performance & free !
a damn blurry one.
yeah , email me at and we'll tie it up
A new study finds too much of the sweet stuff is bad for your brain. ... wowww but i love me some candy
Whoa! are following me. Much appreciated.
Watching the amazing Hilary Lindsey and Liz Rose tonight!
Home is Mumford & Sons best IMHO
Looking for a great ignite talk for a blog post must have visual slides with very few words.
Finally made a print of that I'm happy with. Only 1 more to finish & hang before 6pm open of Muse
Week no.2 in the books. My legs still aching daily, but my bottom side feeling encouragingly toughened up.
thank you so much for listening! You rock!
Most people who are unhappy, are the ones who have the least to be unhappy about!
Vanderbilt wins the hotter cheerleader competition. Well played Commodores!
why the sad face??/:
I'm gonna have to walk... And swim. I got this.
Spring is here...Think it'll finally snow?
cool, great show!!
If you received any addressed to , let me know! I'm sure I didn't get all of mine....
Was that spanish or gangsta? Haha
Pivotal Tracker all the way! :)
America's Game with your Super Bowl champion Packers premiers tonight at 9PM ET on
Happy birthday. And is Challenge Nation paying to send you to New Orleans?
He Studied Mayhem
awesome! Congrats!
I don't wanna leave
me too!
If you didn’t make it here to experience the love last night, we’re celebrating all WEEK with dinner specials thru Sat
idk? Oh & speaking of lee. A certain someone decided to text me & he was like. Oh btw. I still like u. W. t. F.
Who do you think is going to win March Madness???
your welcome
you better stop it, Caleb!
wow that's so exciting! Could you ever imagine doing something like that?
The niggas these days, tf breed they come from!
Come on down to the Rio All-Suites Hotel today for the Vegas Woman 's Expo from 10-5 It's gonna be HUGE and fun!! Come see us!
No #fridayreads for me either Instead I'll be finishing up a conference poster. Nothing Daunted is up next for book club.
My dad mailed me a T shirt: "I've played golf most of my life. The rest I've just wasted." Awesome
I like ISTE NETS. We have adapted this rubric that we found-evidence of learning in the 21st c. classroom. will find link.
Prolly passed josh but
Ever notice how gentleman keep their vehicles spotless while others...don't?
wish Reddit would make their next / previous links bigger or put in a different location - very hard to navigate to next page on an iPhone.
Pop it for a Mention
": SHOUTS OUT 2 Chicago's Own " good looking out FamO
WOO. No school tomorrow & Fridaayyy. :)
please fuck me
RT : Going to Hillcrest Farmers Market tomorrow? We'll be @ The Center from 9:00am-3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
Gasol makes me sick.
I'm trending. I think I scored a goal in Argentina or something like that.
actually i can't. my laptop is 15 years old and the internet is no longer compatible with the OS. it's quite convenient.
:"guess what?! I've had two awkward encounters with squirrels today!" Haha. Gotta love our conversations :)
Happy world #puppetry day everyone! Gotta watch "Being John Malkovich" tonight! Love that film!
damn no way I can do it weekend after Seattle bummer. Wonder if is taking a full two weeker?
Thank you! miss you all already :)
lol just a hole thru the middle of his hair for wind to go thru for aerodynamics in the atom
Anything from East End and Full Pint is awesome.
Was his name Billy Clyde????
I think Barajas is Spanish for 'Guy that strikes out before the pitcher strikes out'.
#TheSaddestPart I'm out of skittles
Bloomberg To Expand Campaign Against Truancy
Ofcourse and thank you!
Appreciate the update on the Debt Limit that you were supposed to be providing via DC this week.
that my friend is the street I live on!
summer:) is it warm in Dubai! X
If you could have just said you're sorry I know we could have worked it out by now :/
This is 100% true actually RT : /phillies'd RT : Bases loaded 0 outs you HAVE to get more than 1 run. HAVE TO.
Spurs over clips in 5?
which one looks 16
The walking dead - episode one.
Grizz fans -- stop by after the game for Grizzly After Party. Grizz girls will be attending.
"I was nervous about doubling on my 11." "Y'know when I get nervous? When I get pulled over. Your $15 hand wasn't that serious!"
congratulations! Big news....
Good to know! Thanks. Won't be the first weekend, either - we are at the Mt Vernon Wine Festival. 10/20 is the likely date.
Mini Marathon runners/walkers in Indianapolis come by the Monumental booth at the Expo for a discount code!
Find a star we can call our own.. <3
Thanks :) and yeah check us out and give me some input
aw :( how is she doing?
Jeter sac fly Gardner scores Yankees up 5-3
FOLLOW ME?<3 I lovee you so much I met you at your Houston concert!:D Please??
in normal situations I would throw a fit, but my hands are fairly tied in this instance
It might already be too late...
#Reconnecting with loved ones. Best part of my day-more like - month.
Yes indeed. Gotta have games at a games unconference!
Milwaukee School of Engineering offering FREE master's degrees! Yes, they're really FREE. Todd Hicks Todays TMJ4
take a break if you need to, is understand!
ya bro I'll be there
Participatory Painting series: Tell me about your favorite place without telling me the name of the location.
I Hate Overweight People that's motto baby IHOP
I wanna follow u
Been thinking: if you are an asshole at least %10 of the time (I admit that I am) your twitter feed should be %10 asshole tweets
Being able to visit my boyfriend on lunch breaks >
lmao! Why he have to be all that! He might just be expressing himself. Lol
Life isn't weird: it's just the people in it.
peace out yay
uh Oh dats a big choice my man
Will do!!!
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Depo y'all is going down
The worst four minutes of the game for the #pens have been the four minutes where they have been on the power play.
when are we gonna kick it -_-
Thanks for the follow!
YOU BRING IT
You should be able to find us in health food stores including Jimbo's and Whole Foods. Also you can order from sportea.com
Many thanks!
I had a dream that Michael Buble hung out with me and my friends in LA. We took him to get fried chicken at Honey's Kettle.
So im totally sitting in a fortress made of blankets & pillows. watching Dracula w/ the rents. I feel like a kid again :)
Foxy's in Port Washington tonight !!!!!
Hitting the bricks today to sell some Metro beer. Look out, all you accounts who don't carry us! I'M COMING FOR YOU.
Thank you!!!
#BeliebersAreAllStupid...no babe, I think its more like, #HatersAreAllStupid. I mean, come on STFU.
#AndysSundayJazzJam Thx for coign out Here's to the Plays & Vocalists on who came out to share their talents. We appreciate you. Hope2cuAgn
Wish I could see him! RT : Just saw as Magic Johnson in "MAGIC/BIRD". He was AWESOME!!!
I have taken noticed that the deeper I know about myself, the clearer I understand others.
cool(: haha soo what are you doing?
Awesome weather for a #Shakeshack burger in Madison Square Park and a #Giants playoff game on Sunday! Go #Blue!
sup man
....and sometimes i even procrastinate at procrastinating.
Metalcore/Deathcore rising band from Grand Rapids MI. Check out our songs and see if you like us! thanks for the support
Why use ontology as a data model? Corson-Rikert: I got tired of making lots of unique tables for projects with a lot in common.
Last class of my MBA career this Thursday. Professor told us the topic would be "ethics in finance." I'm already confused.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!🌟
science is a dildoe.
that is just enough :)
followed & please LIKE the links. :)<3
Sounds great!
Follow to see #marchmadness brackets from and more
Hey Trey anything new>
don't spend all your money on all the crazy stuff you can buy lol
Have a great day y'all. . .lol.
Meet some great authors at the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference, including Mary Kay Andrews
Thurs. cask is 2011 Decadence. Maple Smoked Barleywine. Won't want to miss this one! $2 until 5:30, +$1 each hour.
Happy Thanksgiving! Be polite and try everything on the table.
the yankees arent the only team in the world man gotta open your horizons
RT : Alabama's new anti-immigrant law threatens public safety and deters kids from enrolling in school. We just filed suit. More soon!
Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.
A new music Monday ! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins #TheWanted EP
Style Tip: If your extensions are glued in, don’t use hot irons near where they are glued in. It will melt the glue & may damage your hair!
hey matt how are you
Yes! RT : Can't wait to read Magellan Media () study for #BISG on altered #metadata & how pubs can solve issue.
Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar?
;) I like it rough
psshhhh of course I will.
hey, where's the 1500' statistic from? It sounds true to me.
can I start laughing at all these 7th graders now..?
If you wanna leave fine just don't tell me you love me.
Hey now
WOW. : New York Times' Pete Thamel just said on Dan Patrick Show that he could see Purdue beating Kansas in 3rd round
damn mom its your day, you pick what we doin.......
Delicious Cheezzy Nachos with sour cream & quacamole and Ice cold Margarita! Now that is satisfaction! Come on in what R U ESPERANDO!?
Oscar Time! is gifting #handmade #pottery earrings to #celebrities #Oscars #GBKOscarsLounge Feb 24-25 via
RT : I'll up my donation to LIVESTRONG to $100k if I get 100k followers by Nov 9th. I have just over 13k followers now.
Todays Specials: Camp Rock, iGo To Japan & Phineas And Ferb: Across the Second Dimension.
WTF if wrong with Ron and Frank? I mean, I love KA and everything, but signing her and NOT KDP?!?
I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know that people make mistakes .
does it have a hitch for the Turnbow dome?
We got this,
love all of you I just ordered a Alexander Wang fur for Xmas perfect gift!
Tired as hell! My nose feels broke
In high school they use to call me Pablo the first!!! I still got it;)
I like that. Very true.
The White Stripes documentary is pretty fantastic. Finally got around to seeing it.
"....You must hold onto the love that you find. In a world of mass confusion one thing I find, the Lovers win every time."
Really not a fan of the coach cams. Maybe they'll be more interesting when Frank's face turns purple.
The Droid crying TV ad is enough to make me never buy a Droid
Fearing people is a dangerous trap,but trusting the Lord means safety- Proverbs 29:25
This sucks!!!
The next chapter in the Great American Love Story... A Fashion project in Los Angeles, CA by Prospect Denim. Not only do they want to...
"There are too many fatasses out there" - #Chuck (My inspiration for starting Weight Watchers & )
lol, no... mini mart my friend works at in town.
Can't think about anything else.
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving. A lot to be thankful for.
now you never get to haha
"She comes to me in my dreams Like a love song And I awake only to hear her go" - "What Can I Say (For Millicent)"
And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves 1 Peter 4:8a Christian rehab reaches out to help those lost in addctions.
Lemon Meringue!~
Thanks for your support. We appreciate it!
if you get me the one that's coming out in May! (:
thanks for the shoutout!
“: Good luck to in their own version of takeingon Cornell in a Frozen 4 #LetsGoTerriers”
Oh no, I hope bosh is ok!
what's my fault?
The block below me does one most years, my block cant cause we are on a hill.
Thank you for your message. And thank you for your interest in helping the poor of St. Lucia and Dominica!
Yes I did :( hehe i'm following u bae
Woop! What's up? :P
It's nice n toasty at the far bar. Heaters on full. Come on out.
Steaks on the grill and rice on the stove with heat in the air and the sun still a-shining! life is good!
Thanks for posting the review of the Cavafy inspired photographs.
Filming all day tomorrow YUP
#UHbsb errors are just killing them. this game should be over.
All of a sudden thinking about getting a tv...
Who do you use for your web hosting? Trying to .com my wikispace but don't want to spend any more than 5 bucks for the year. Ideas?
at least they called me
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 77
GIVE Me SOME CANDY
OH: That's it! No iPad for a day.
No Mac version, looks like :(
cini mini! <3 i have yet to gain any funds for the Spain getaway :(
I know a few people with really clean and tidy GROWNUP type homes. Always amazes me.
Happy Birthday. Have a great day!!
your first rule of #postseason certainly applied tonight!
that was close phew!
great to see you too Chris. You've always been a huge support! Miss you as well.
Tomorrow is our "Dress Up" day. No jeans, no casual attire! Dress nice FOR FREE!
Thanks for the follow! MKE design FTW!
Court reporting is an important mechanism in facilitating due process and the availability of equal protection
Kristen Stewart does fit the description of Anastasia perfectly
two buck chuck! :)
RT : Mind you, the janitor job was his 2nd. And he spoke no English when he got here.
Only #7DaysTillBoyfriend cant wait !!
This person was astonishingly computer illiterate, but I still hold a grudge against NB for that one.
Sending good thoughts to you. Let me know if I can help.
Planning a Barbie party for my daughters. They're way too excited.
GOD is great, beer is good, and people are crazy
Dont eat that whole pizza. Girl thats dinner....
When tears fall down, I want to be there to catch them...
I was up 10 feet/points but had the 7th inning when the coaches decided to change pitchers a lot. WHOMP.
Hanging with "First Church of the Nazarene" tonight in Greenville! Also doing a book signing after!
#MMWordAssociation Ron Burgundy = Glass Case Of Emotion
With the passing of Avery Goodrich this weekend, Milwaukee has lost a veteran principal (North, Muir, Wells St.). Condolences to his family.
no why ?
Nothing is real
So far, The only rock show is on March 2. Keep an eye on us for more announcements early this year!
Ides of march... I have a feeling it's going to be a weird day... like a full moon but weirder.
off to no doubt, no doubt about it.
even though i don't support that team, i really hope he get up ..
Can't wait for Bamboozle 😃
great stuff going to have to hang on to it.
RT : How about a contest? Reply to the following tweet for a chance to win an autographed #VonMiller football.
i've read some stuff from ian bogost but not reality is broken... i'll look it up!
That's me alright. I will never forget the night Ntozake Shange came to the performance!!
You and your hole mental family got delete so peace out !!!
On behalf of my hard earned cash, I would like to bid adieu to as I relocate to a credit union.
it would mean the world to me if you told me happy 17th birthday!!!! <3 lovee you
Yes great tonight, like every wk! RT : the episode tonight was great! Kathy Bates is so good.
“We are all selfish machines and we all have natural tendencies to want, love, and take”-Vic Fuentes
You left a playoff OT game? Responsibility, sure, but c'mon. Tsk tsk.
megatron is on the madden cover, our qbs are safe lol
Twitter I don't know what to say but I am happy to see some old UMASS folks join the convo & what took so long?
Some nights a brother's gotta rock some Depeche Mode.
I have no idea what the plot will entail but I think distance will definitely emerge as a metaphor for intimacy, haha
Our thoughts are with Virginia Tech
Happy Saturday ladies!
I thought i told ya, imma star.
Good morning tweepz! Be thankful for today because u didn't have to make it this far. :) be blessed!
TONIGHT - The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
of which season?:o
cool im just on twitter
democrats are losers
Like : There's very little more comforting than hearing an Aussie on a 9:30am flight, order a beer.
Did you know that locbit can send its content to your screens not only in HTML but also in URL, RSS, FLASH or XML API? find out more...
well im home now, so lets chitchat kiddo
You can't chain a free spirit. Lockdown only gives it more reason to breakfree.
Day #2 of the eBook sale for #Nook and #Kindle! Alan's best #thrillers for $1.99 and his new Karen Vail short: Fatal Twist!
Subway dr pepper yummy
I'm 20 min into Up in the Air and my first thought is: I love every actor in this movie
Holy crap am I tired! And my feet hurt!! How are you?
Was JUST about to tweet you the same! Loved our chat & so inspired by the path you've led :)
All Natural :)
i change my mind now cuz i'm sucking
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain.
I'm the only one who puts major stock into post-game press conferences? Oh, ok.. I can understand that, I suppose.
Just finished watching dear John ❤... Now heading to bed ... Goodnight tweeters!!!!! 💤
Poll Results for who will win a championship first, Lakers or Heat: LAKERS 61%, HEAT 38% OTHER 1% - What do u think of the results?
Thanks Jen-You too and congrats on the great start to - we inventors surely appreciate all yalls hard work!
thank you :) x
I would... But i aint drinking for no irish man.
Explain to me how my little brother and my older brother have iphones and I'm stuck with the
Anyone spot the Mad Hatter singing with Lisa Marie Presley?
Learned alot about myself - & Im disappointed
What a whore
There is lunch and then there is CURRIED for lunch!!! You know what to do!!! See ya soon!!!
happy friday-Thanks for the follow-love reading your info!
## The Woolen Mills Witch ##
I'm going to. I was a bit offended when u said I should take it down...but nvm, I didn't see it(:
it looks fluffy! haha is it?
I know. NASCAR does not want to see a Tuesday race. They'll do anything it takes to get that race going
Great day to be at Keeneland. Wish I was there.
RT : Madonna doesn't look half bad for a 77-year old.
Dead ants found in cookie-eating girl's ears
I hope that was a tiny jig. :)
If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherf-cker a reason.
Go Demons! Great game. : Final Score from McGrath Phillips Arena - #DePaul women 71 Marquette 59
RT : What story do you want to tell?
Spoke at the Golf Course Owners Association lunch in Cottage Grove, WI. Great group supporting tourism.
RE: Broncos. Thanks for the heads up. Not a surprise. A horrible coach.
RIP Whitney Houston #ripwhitney My heart goes out to her family and friends.
The flat topped one decides tomorrow. Cats fans fingers are crossed for sure.
Oh btw. Your money supply aka leader of Al Queda (BinLaden) is dead so give up. Go somewhere else
HahahaRT : My son on ,"When he sees or talks about Tebow, it looks like he gets fully torqued!" ....LOL
What's you're number 1 best advice to writers coming to pitchfest?
my dog angie has ptsd, but love and security are getting her thru it
welcome to the pack nation. we excited to see you play
Ozzie Guillen had a great playing career, respect that..but he quit w 2 games to go? He made the playoffs 2 out of 7 years, haha. No class.
Ask Chin Strap isn't he a Dub Stub queen?
the only thing thats on my mind is im gone leave with somethin
Brazilian - "Favela Soul Party" Bollywood Cafe : 19th and Mission San Francisco Sat, January 1, 10pm
IM NEEDING MANAGEMENT FOR MY MUSIC. HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU
I love it that's hot u look beautiful
lmao he's funny as hell…OMG SWEDES AND BSB
i am in the same boat. ugh.
I feel the same way sometimes!
A Christmas Story!
Life is full of irony. It takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
Everything started to collapse in the same 5 months. What happened to being happy and STAYING happy? Now I'm just hoping for a real smile.
Rest in peace MCA.. you will be missed
MT : #LibMade MakerBot supplies = cheap. The plastic itself is cheap. Keeping things running smoothly in 3D design = more difficult
The best defense in flood control. Ecosandbag. 14.5 ounces to 35lbs in minutes. Just submerse in water for 3-5 mins. Rapid deployment
officially signed with 1 of the TOP agencies in town! Thanks for making me 1 of the cool kids
thanks for talking to our class tonight! definitely great to know that there are information-y job opportunities in sustainable building.
i didnt get to see your blog :(
No final 4 for you. RT : BSB: Whelp, the Pilots can't escape the rain, today's game at Santa Clara has been pushed back to 6
Still went and got even sicker. Yeah. I'm the ungrateful bitch. If I do it again you'll hit me? Wtf. Sorry im exhausted and wanted 2 be home
I am in Indy. I'm at the Baymont on Brookville, love.
always makes plays when crunch time, is just great at what he does.Won or Lose I'm still a #BaylorFan!
Thanks Eddie! Are you at the Relapse Theatre tonight?
Maybe that's a good thing :) Maybe your career helps too. In my job I have to try to pretend to be +very+ serious, haha ;)
lol if you had games I can almost guarantee he would skip mine to go to yours :(
Maybe the lesson is that the best shade is tied to specificity? Don't say that they suck, say *how*? Generic bitchiness is lazy?
Laying out with my momma and sisters.
Very surprised to learn that at least 400 people in Philly are over 100 years old.
#sometimesyouhaveto moan , if u got to moan , moan!! the vecinos, boring sex is worst
you would but then again you love everything he does
"Man! Look at the working over he's giving his crapper! You could break a pool cue across it!"
her audience wasn't 12-16 year olds, Im 19 and my family and friend of the same age loved her.
I will once I find my actual camera
you're so blessed to be doing all this traveling! My job is sending me to London for a weekend in July. But you got it made!
Goooooooooooodmorning, Starshine. The earth says hello.
when you coming out to buffalo
Dang… The "intern" is schooling us here this morning.
Call me #oldfashion but some #titties make any movie better
I know I'm selfish but...
Nootropics by Lower Dens - I Rock Cleveland | Indie Rock, College ...
What is this "doornail" that people are deader than? Never saw one.
I know exactly what's is going on haha... Well what yur talking about;)
do you need the part before the colon? Just because everyone uses one doesn't mean you have to.
Happy 100th anniversary Fenway Park!!
lots of sirens and helicopters E of Hamilton. Scanner doesn't have much. Have you heard anything?
I really wanna go to the #GYM 😞
Watching uconn with chris murphy and Joe Courtney. Still rather be in CT tonight...
SO MUCH! B-Day = Free Burger. We also have $1 Burgers from 9:00 - Midnight and $2 G&T and Svedka Mixers 9:00 - Bar Time!!
Never heard a presidential candidate say they weren't concerned for the poor. Dem or GOP.
Ewww! He looks slimy!
Hi <3 I haven't gotten a tweet in 9 days ._.
just a thought
It's #Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
True very true
LiL Bro Do Da Damn Thang.....": Damn 's presale tickects for dallas, tx is already sold out smh ."
me & Tupac got our Secret place <3
A smile can change the world.
studio, desk, codys desk, by the upstairs coke machine, underneath something on Anne's desk, bathroom, fridge, prize closet...?
yo headed to the park now. Let's try to grab a beer.
Apparently Fleury thought it was a 2pm start
I'll add you to the list.
Still have a Boflex for sale if anyone is interested.
When you just wish u felt a curtain way so bad.... But realize that the time is just not right.
I don't think there's much I would c. I have a feeling it's in an action that was taken by you or someone else. Interesting jump!
my desk is such a mess...
Good luck and today in NSH 13.1 half. Proud of you both!
on !!! Love it!!! couldn't make anyone out, but I'll say it, you looked great!
No! Not Davy from the Monkees!! I had his poster and Barry Williams (Brady Bunch) up in my room many moons ago. :( :(
$5 credit at the 60ss store today. That's a free 60ss lite for Photoshop and Corel or $5 of an other shrift shop. Use PRESIDENT at check out
Great visit with @ Preston Children's Academy!
At GA aquarium enjoying a plate of fish
I hate college, but I love all the parties. Finishing kegs, and popping bottles of Ricardi.
stoked for adele's new album.
Whose ready for summer?? We got new tanks on the way!
what's the plan for the weekend?
Poor Dick Clark. :(
wear a condom before you fuck anything
Thanks for the birthday shout! Just came back from a conference and saw it.
Garlic is great for your immune system!
its okay I have blisters on my face :D lol
ya if u don't insurance that cover water damage!
It's my birthday week dammit. Someone bring me a blunt
Anybody who doesn't know what soap tastes like never washed a dog. ~Franklin P. Jones
How do you see the Ravens? One week they are world beaters and the next week they can't even get a 1st down.
yes, they haven't been showing since Thursday... Any ideas? Thx!
Wearing my deer shirt today I better get some luck!
here's my number, 513-939-7151 be a grown up & text me.
Jesus loves you
follow back please? =) <3
It wasn't 14-14 when I posted. Brat.
Happy #Easter to all Moxie friends and family!
#Bears #2 Pick- Alshon Jeffery - Steal!! Great pick who will be instant deep threat for Jay #Cutler big arm. Love it!
Now on Pandora: Phish's "Sample in a Jar." Almost makes me want to dust off "Hoist."
I've been thinking about trying to eat an entirely raw diet for a week in May. Any advice on what to try, techniques to avoid?
Was down to 9k, up to 31k, then down to 20k at dinner break
You can change the location by clicking on the gear (top left) while on the Popular tab. Type in Phoenix and you'll be good to go!
The floor plan vs the façade.
We'd love to get some feedback on the #SOCAPEurope mobile agenda. We hope you're liking it!
i love his glasses too! He's so hot and a great teacher ;)
yes it is, gorgeous wedding!
im bored and hungry and tired. lethal combo.
it's about god damn time!!!
Working on blog...down the rabbit hole!
Whoops! You were so close! The correct answer is The Backstreet Boys!
"The first thing that must be on the agenda of our nation is to get rid of racism." --MLK Jr. (March 16, 1968)
I can't decide on the colt, the bushmaster, or the sig.
:Looking at your friend and saying, "I'll do it if you do it". hahha reminds me of us
call me
When you order food, then they repeat it back to you, then when it comes you say " my bad". You didn't want fries, your an idiot. Ugh
#CaptainAmerica was solid. Loved that it was a period piece in contrast to all the other contemporary settings.
Having the White House in the middle of the most direct route to work is equal parts neat and annoying. Today it's the latter.
it's why i prefer the city of dreams... its the only place i can high five jesus while riding a unicorn in teh clouds
yes it is sexy guy
Waiting longer than 10 minutes in the rain for a bus reminds me why I eschew public transit.
Hi simon! It's out now! April 4 was the release date.
Just now. Evidently I am an offensive lineman! Good news is NFL pays much more than college administrator!
No fluff stuff tonight, yall! Guitars, singers, and songs..That's my kinda Whiskey Jam!!
#McCall Smith, Corduroy Mansions. He's got his winning formula; why change it, beyond a transplant to a London flat? Quiet Sunday pleasure.
sorry! Night =)
hahahaha like she was lookin for the clap tho? Nah
Phone taken away, only have the computer from 5-8:30 everyday this week :(
I never realized how much I missed her until my balls were deep in her mouth...
didn't mean to drag you along. She's family...and she gave me an extra $100. Sorry my friend.
I didn't apply. Got one of the "pre-approved" notifications. snail mail spam.
Join us at our free breakfast in Drake Park this morning from 9am-11am for food, fun and community!!
I could be on Tumblr for hours.
hmm. it's working fine. you on phone? If so i haven't done the phone app yet.
damn da last time my parents had all their children together ws me nd twin's graduation 2010 :/
I have a bunch of answers that need questions. Wanna do some trading?
We feel the same way! RT : you had me at sweet potato fries. I could eat them all day long!
Yes sir;) #NewbieCheckin RT : one dollar for a burrito??? hell yes.
Watch a Perfect Couples marathon
fuck that. Be here tomorrow
Enjoyed watching the #Oscars tonight.
Do you like what you look like?
Lectora hasn't upgraded in years! Zebra is an unconventional UI.
Curious how many of you are using Pinterest?
Heard an amazing MLK convocation keynote last night from Thanks for the inspiration and the reminder to listen deeply.
Forget what I said yesterday - I still get so into it when I'm playing this stuff, even when I'm being tested on it.
totally agree! RT : The C-Suite has gone Tablet!
i say more backstage shenanigans. haha :) those are fun.
RT : Pitting one group of Americans against another is not leadership.
sounds good...where can I check out some of your work?
I need 7 fantasy points from lloyd, so let's not pull orton yet. Denvers line is getting owned by a 4 man rush
“: RT If you are proud to be part of Eminem's #10MillionStans :) ♥”
I love selling beer to distributor reps because their company won't give them samples.. And then I drink them
is the BOMB..
OMG I would love it if he did. That would make the happiest girl in the world! :)
RT : Meet transgender friends from all over the world. Come on in and join the conversations 24/7 www.tgtalk.com
On May 19th 5-9pm there is a fundraiser celebration with the League for People with Disabilities at the Visionary Arts Museum!
If you can, go to the front room today at 1. Nice jazz is always good on a great day.
Portland Police say man killed in officer-involved shooting was armed and threatened suicide. SmartPark at 4th and Alder remains closed.
This Red Sox movie makes me ill
They are pretty damn cool
Hopefully, what are the dates? RT: Thanks for the shout out Bianca! Hope to see you this October at the...
I keep doing it like its ever gonna change....
Thank you sir. :)
I have the same issue, really sucks!
I always blow up my twitter when I'm jamming lmao, enjoy my lyrics I guess
thanks! And wes co is more the tgi fridays spot in sg valley
Just passed a street view maker in #Nashville pretty awesome looking... and semi-creepy.
Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, To YOU!
So why a good looking girl like you don't have a man when your a sweetheart and a cool girl with pretty eyes
Twitter Contest for our LCC Members tonight! STAY TUNED....
I'd totally make that my ringtone. And maybe even watch a recent version of the movie. Last one I saw had Michael Keaton.
good luck with your panel!
Currently watching America's Book of Secrets on H2HD. This show rules. 🇺🇸🗽👽
A lot of times I write tweets that I disregard
shots out 2 u. U da best!!!!
Guys, if Obama is elected to another term I'll be freaking...happy.
she looks trashy with blonde hair.
I really need to stop tweeting and start on this ap!!
what's up lady! U good over there??
Big E?
wow that *is* aggressive. , just out of curiosity, why #sellout?
hehe, that's what I was thinking about today, too... Btw, I wanna meet Imogen!
i was promised ihop today. did i get ihop? no.
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
We are at our Official Bar on Main St in Carson, drinking off the loss. Join us if your in the area.
Thanks! Sounds amazing!
what awesome beers have ya'll tried this week so far?
isiah is a terrible decision. I hope he never becomes a head coach.
Hollywood is a sewer with service from the Ritz Carlton.
Just Checked Out 's Updated Website (www.TylerPerry.com) & I Must Say I'm Impressed! Looks Fresh #Madea!!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
I just started Homeland tonight and it seems pretty good. Game of Thrones is solid, too
If loving Hall & Oates is wrong, we don't want to be right
thank you so much for following me! Ah I love you ❤
And now a family movie night. Don't think this day could get any better. :)
Ever hit a creative wall? I couldn't make anything for days but I'm back to normal now. Glad that's over!
I used to go to the one on 6th at least once a week when I worked at the Tribune. Probably why I'm so fat.
I like this one. Great work!
Malfunction of the play clock y'all
I'm always switching it up. About once a month I'll redo it just for shits and giggles. which i guess would make me a nerd, lol
We did the same in Cincinnati! “: I'm looking at Pre-Schools already for my baby. L.A. Is weird.”
The frequent flier lounge at BWI has an oddly good soundtrack of 90s ambient.
Trying to get home? Bus broke down on N Lights/Denali and also on a street/ N lights
OMFG. TAYLOR SWIFT AND ED SHEERAN? TOGETHER? HOLY FUCKING SHIT! IF THEY MAKE A SONG TOGETHER, I WILL CRY. GOD BLESS THESE LEGENDS
A Maps4Kids "did you know?": More than half of the coastline of the entire United States is in Alaska
Now it's Rattie with a power play goal. What a one two punch.
Caps score already!
Sorry I could finish the Game/ Broncos. Patriots. Because of A little Proplem I had with my Laptop...
At conception we are a zygote no brain no internal organs u go back to school
Congratulations! (A little late in Twitter time)
"Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man."~Luke 23:4
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her.
Keep randomly remembering hilarious things from Saturday night.
My stomach hurts wtf!? Not trying to laugh... But cant help it. Lol
said even if larger partner orgs mean well they end up throwing you under the bus.
Well done! You can come back now. Hope Beaver held up? RT I bloody did it! 2 weeks trekking to Everest Base Camp and back!
One time leaving ATL had Waffle House for breakfast and then Varsity for lunch,then on a plane.Bad move.
Yeah! Thanks for the follow. Catch my tweets on #marketing & #art. I really need to visit your offices in
Hi there Ramones Fan Club Japan!!!!
Wishing a meaningful Yom Kippur to our readers.
Too tired to go out anywhere...its something i really want..smh can't have it lol
yes ma'am! I'll be back in Huntsville at the end of July!
please? MT I'd love to see your pop-culture-ified version of Arya's death list, if that'd be a thing.”
#thiefrules I put my name on it so it's mine
Am I the only one totally dieing to have an iphone4s? ...
Send me some contact info and I'll try to get someone in contact with you!
Any #saa11 folks at the palomar coming to cocktails?
This for sure is called a "Networking Connection" week, love it so far!!!! Give me more!!!!
should have been at you, this is whack!
Hello how are you:)RT : Hi my dear :)
Me too guys! time for a change!!
I will NEVER watch The Bachelor/Bachelorette until a black guy/girl stars in it. Fuck ABC!
This is all just set-up for a torrid summer full of winning.
the fast green fox jumped under the lazy dog.
With all this emphasis on digital, let's not overlook the magic and power of live performance, still a strategic force
You'll be able to see the gallery whenever we have an event (it's right when you walk in). We do anything music + art related.
Time is Love- Josh Turner <3
Want to win a #HarryPotter #DeathlyHallows DVD? Stick around and we'll tell you how you can get it free ! RT spread the word!
Righton! Thanks. Hope it was a nice walk.
I think it's ok to describe if necessary. Like reporting on a car wreck. Should not show severed bodies / ok to report them.
"Use the money we're no longer spending on war, use half to pay down the debt, use the rest to nation build"
well that's good tell em I asked about em
Believe all Eloi should unquestioningly trust the cloud.
Nope i have work at 5! i went down last night though (: and im going tomorrow.
hey ? im bored did u see the vicmas ?
billy parton is beautiful
Shooting an editorial cover at Hennepin County Medical Center tomorrow...should be fun...big ambulance in the shot!!!!!
Nice work, ! Looking forward to working w/ as your director of industry relations & social media
Happy Black Friday. Meeting with clients today about Australia/New Zealand and Costa Rica.
“I create culture not content. If I create a successful culture everything else falls into place.” William Beshears #fundforteachers Fellow
that'd require you to talk girly!
well fuck. i hate everybody right now.
thank you :)
really bad weather in indiana today
i haven't owned a pair since high school. LOVE THOSE SHOES!
I've been everywhere man looking for you babe. Searching for you babe...
Lady Gaga tries too hard. Her act comes across as desperate for attention.
For those who participate: What will you be giving up for Lent?
Every sound alarms. Virgil
Getting a new suit. No budget. Obviously need you.
thanks for following. Your new book sounds great, can't wait to read it!
Don't holla at me over Facebook or twitter then hid behind yo girl cuz I ain't afraid to hit her XP
You are perfect, don't let anyone tell you different.❤
M...who wanna go see #Think like a man
I like poking people's dimples.
I would never turn down a hug from Josh, mostly bc 9-year-old me thinks he's the Burger King.
RT The only way to end the lockout is World Peace. (this plug was so lame it burns my ass.) #whatmoneycantbuy common sense.
Yes i do. I am down there quite often.
My honesty is one of my worst traits ... I come off "boujee" and "stuck up"
Ahah disney jams!!
Y'ALL GET BACK NOW! ticket for big freedia/katey red PROCURED!
Now SXSW is a rap it's time for a vacation!..Boom!
we'll let you know as soon as we get some!
I declare today #lazysunday. This means you will find me laying on the couch or reclining in my Poang chair w/ book & or
Love spicy foods? You could actually be addicted! The capsaicin found in chilies sends signals to your brain that release endorphins!
When you have to wonder where you 'stand' with someone, its time to wonder why the hell you care ?
#JACKIESPEAKSRADIOSHOW AND #FRONTSTAGERADIOSHOW UNITE FOR OERTIME ON A THURSDAY NIGHT ..
Amazing week for team appssavvy!
So sorry to hear about your friend!!! We're working hard to educate everyone including legislators about the dangers!
Don't forget to check out Friday Troupe's FREE Improv show "Menos Uno" at Elise's Tea Room tomorrow 7:30pm!
Follow me I follow you how does that sound to you ?
I love being here to help people if they need it. :)
hello twitter
Loved Kyle williams in 09 against UA when he single handily killed his team. Hate him today when he is playing for 49ers and killed again.
no, no, it's about someone in here. Not you
You know its a good day when a little Michael Jackson comes on your pandora
User generated content & currstion also at DPL- yes!
Just dropped you a note ...
Lmfao my daughter just said I am never watchin that movie again its to scary mom never watch that movie when I am in here again
gonna watch you on blogtv! Btw hope u have a good prom!
Triple Digit Weather Out there Today
Come enjoy #4SqDayCincy! 6-9pm Free Appetizer Buffet, No Cover, , and Happy Hour Prices
AWW Mr. Quigley! Too bad he didn't have nicer shoes...
would love to discuss how symbaloo can add to your ambitions?1 of the 7 fantastic free tools.
Some lady asked if she could buy my hair....
I hear you, doesn't get any better than the jewel events. Have a great weekend!
wow ok im done D: i dont mean to go on lol
Avengers comes out May 4th! I'm so there! Who else wants to go?
Heat aint playing in this game
Me and In the studio rehearsing for our show in B-More Brass Monkey this Saturday, May 19th
What the boyz favorite thing about winter? -Amber Schlosser from Indiana!(:
Still I rise, Still I fight, Still I might crack a smile keep my eye on the prize, see my haters tell em hi ;*
Go to whole foods and buy the Honeycrisp Apples NOW! Omg... I've never tasted anything this amazing! So not kidding
Ah, happy accidents. Every now and then life surprises me in the most enjoyable ways. Rearranged furniture and stuff just fit.
You are an awful person with an awful face and an awful personality and an awful life and you support an awful team.
Being told ive changed by him, it hurts. But i had to change.
Bolted from the dentist's office.. Not welcoming at all and saw bloody gauze in the trash can
RT : just posted a new project on in northern california/shoot is 1/5 or 1/6 check it out.
"I speak for the trees," Happy Earth Day! #EllenRTme day167
congrats guys. Wish you the best!!!
I hate waiting in long lines
Meeting adjourned!
Happy Birthday! Another great year ahead!
I know that your the only one.
Cat=Catfish, Horse=Seahorse, Man=Manatee. Did I just blow your mind and explain to you the laws of biology??? Why yes...I fucking did.
i know! you're only a 'breakout' if you're a 9 year old (Hermione) or 11 year old kid (Weasely) in Harry Potter!
"I guess now we'll all be taking our underwear off. I look forward to that in so many ways." Shep Smith, right now.
Our stores are now closed for SIP Fest, an all company training and meeting. We'll be back at 6:30am tomorrow.
Morsels & Tidbits? Pigs in a Blanket? the folks from The creators of , Eamonn's, PX & Majestic
A4: education for sure, if not already. Kids are already working in ipads..public school is behind of course, so not my kids.
Looks like they choose not to cover the Kodak sign with a dirty sheet.
I thought he spent decades racking up recruiting violations
Fire UC Davis Police Chief Annette Spicuzza. 35 ARMED LARGE Armored police officers on the scene,
I am from Seattle we do not lie very good
Ogw CSV seems to be popular. I am a fan. I also like RSS for data updates.
At the ultimate hipster restaurant for lunch--Craft and Commerce.
leave me alone .
PickUpLine: Do you have room in your life for another friend?
Yes sir!! Great job today!!! RT :
"Let's See Today's Plan, Spend Time With My OG, Than Go DownTown After All That, Available To Come Outside.!
"The OCLC Control Number is anticipated to reach one billion sometime after July 1, 2013." from message of the day. Catalogers r busy!
We were poor. If I wasn't a boy, I wouldn't have had nothing to play with.
follow back? (:
First day of lent. I'm giving up...VEGETABLES! (Sound of a record scratching).
I'm up, damn it. What do you want?? :p
You're right! I just tried to direct message someone but it wouldn't let me because they're not following me..pffft! Whatever..
So far is winning the live blog wars. I've got in 2nd. Sadly seems dead.
Yes. I do really like you. But i can't tell you cause you dont like me.
I still can't follow no one new since sometime this week((( is there a limit of 2000 people I could only follow or something?
I went on a diet, swore off drinking and heavy eating, and in fourteen days I lost two weeks.
I used your "This I Believe" essay as part of an American Dream unit in my Junior English class. The kids loved it.
Will every single Ohio State be televised in prime time?
Great to hear! Thank you very much! P.S. Space btwn words! : )
We want to look into the ice cold water problem. Which bathroom on which floor please?
Uh, School Can kiss my Ass ! i'm going back to sleep . (: God Morning Though !
who is catheryne mckeever? she's trying to linkedin with me, and you're a connection to her.
WOW! you can get mine for 18.5 million cheaper. We're banking that someone feels they get into thisneighborhood for under 2 mill.
to excited!!!!
Listening to the Wicked soundtrack while studying. Best night ever. Let's go back.
Watching my Heat !
Okay a quick two hour power nap before back to work
Wicked day in the studio another bomb is on the way!!!! :-)
That nigga Carlton pride at the Mavs game doin this shoot out competition between quarters lmao
We lov you regardless!
yes boobs are breast are fat so if you lose enough weight you can lose your boobs
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.-Albert Einstein
So while we were at show, son made banana cake. I think he used old sour cream & cream cheese. I ate a piece. I may die.
#3WordsForYou kiss me now
BRING BACK BIG JOHN!
Going to Lollapalooza next wkend? Make sure to download the new Lolla app and bring your custom schedule with you!
Counting cash with Tracy today was a nightmare >.<
You wouldn't believe who I just met. I love it!!
Wahhh I'm so Tired. -o-
We proudly serve three of Intelligentsia’s Iced Teas at Provence. If you are a tea lover, come visit us and enjoy a cup of...
RT Get FREE BEAT! The KING'S Glory!!!! (Certified Street Banger) in exchange for 1 tweet bit.ly/6sCRrE
What do you call a Cute #Volcano? "Lavable"
Ever hear anyone ever say , "Gee your yellow teeth look amazing!" Probably not. We're here to make "Gee your teeth are so white!" a reality
The care and maintenance of your ring will be much less if you choose titanium
scorpions, eagles, boston, .38 special, phil collins, peter gabriel....stuff like that I like...
This is so weird! I can see when you @ reply to me, but only in my reg. timeline. When I look at your profile, denied.
Friday, at last. That's all I got.
haha me too!
can not wait to leave for Hawaii in the morning! Today seems to be crawling by!
Yup , Vanessa got game c:
VERY Pebbles Flintstone!
Migraine, but I wanna jam. Why ?!
Would be nice to see Darren Collison do something
dude.. don't let Jamie do that to you!! You're not old!!!
some ice cream sounds good right now...:)
I couldn't forget you if I tried <3
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 18
The Pitchfork Music Festival will take place July 16-18 at Chicago's Union Park. The sets will be streamed live via its website!
Reading "A Vist from the Goon Squad." A novel of nodes. You should read it, too.
You and should come over for cookies some time!
Check us out on groupon today, 50% off my oil change service, buy now and save. We come to you for a change
Top Shelf Whiskey Taste is tonight at Samba! Come out and taste some great (expensive) whiskeys!!
Just kidding i just like you as a friend
Absolutely. I wrote specific code to test for corresponding screen touches for each letter press (lest people try to cheat).
Richard Buckner at Schuba's on the 29th! So sad I'm going to be outta town. Secretly record the show for me.
Did you know that Jack Johnson was the first African-American world heavyweight boxing champion, in 1908?
Add one to your Christmas list!
Laid back;-)
Could this be rain in Houston, I heard the rumblings of thunder
Botticelli's Birth of Venus?
You were born to #win, but to be a #winner, you must #plan to win, #prepare to win, and expect to win - #Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
Agh! You can't do thato us and not TELL! Grinning for you!!
"The look up on my face say Homicide" free Man
Staying focused and on task is a lot more challenging than it seems. But when seeing how much gets accomplished quicker...lesson is learned!
thanks for calling in!
LOL. Hi Victoria :-)
It's been months since we talked and I just can't seem to just let you go.
Having a big salad for dinner. Perfect on a warm day like this.
Thank you for officially creeping me out..
Welcome to the family. Glad to have you. We will win a gold medal together next summer.
My damn allergies are killing me.
“Success means having the Courage, the Determination, and The Will to become the Person you Believe you were Meant to be.”
don't forget to have quiet time with God this morning. thank and worship him first and foremost, then ask him to guide your day. God bless!
If you don't want to Fuck wit me don't Fuck wit me then
Hoe's Go Home And Stare At Girl's Picture's They Hate. :)
Yes indeed. I'll post links to the archive early next week.
God Damn I love the song 'Ball and Chain.' And I especially love hearing it at the East Side Deli.
Coming August 2010!
#defendwikileaks Join operation payback at www.anonops.net
thanks for following! I won't let you down!
confusing dance numbers cause I'm so nervous
Love the new sparkling flight at !
we are open seven days a week there are many options available for you at the Palms Casino Resort I can put you on my guest list
I thought you been took care of that.
Yes, but God is a vengeful God and destroys wicked people. Jesus shows mercy and compassion to sinners
I "tweeted" once yesterday. Once. And all I really did was just retweet
than your fine, just flip the quarter to heads walk away & walk back to the quarter & BAM you made your own luck ;D
STILL IN THE LAB WORKING
For those who don't already know (basically everyone), I'll be the State Journal's Mr. Crazylegs on Saturday. Three stories to come.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. - Nelson Mandela
didn't mean to put my teacher on hush like that hahah
ur such a beautiful creature
aww, I'm sorry :( I know how that feels my grandmother has brain cancer.
Goodnight twitter....well actually good morning :)
I bought my ticket like last week for tn :)
Ack wish someone would sneak a good default while everyone is arguing.
Don't forget - we are all in the same family! All beings are one big family - we most of the time just forget that.
How the heck can Firefox be using 500K of RAM on this PC at MPOW?
There is time does not mean i am not going to be there every other time you need me. I Love You Babe..
That is crazy!
Ivy Champ Men&#39;s Swim/Dive Team Names Award Winners, 2012-13 Captains
I hate being on probation. I believe I only have one more year. Woot. Haha. Hate this place!
He turns me on so bad... His style is beyond anything y'all ever tried... #TeamExpress!!
Yard work with the Gradylady. Meeting with architect. Dinner with Nan. Massage. One seriously awesome day.
Any college students developing on SimpleGeo? Give us a buzz: andrew [at] simplegeo.com
so excited to see #themanymistressesofmlk at one of my very favorite theatre companies !
So are you guys playing after the Nuggets game on Sunday in Denver??
But we're so entertaining!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Symphony Crack show last night! Had a blast!
Great. Look for an email from Greg Scott, renegade sociologist and video documentarianologist.
- a handy little robot that it is!
I may have a lot of friends but there's a few people that I can trust.
Yes I'm A 7th Grader , Lol Why Does Everyone Think I Look Older ? I Don't Take It As A Compliment -___- I'm Not Old :P
RT : My Mom shared her birthday and her love of reading. For her, I #RTforLiteracy! Each RT=$1 from to
Worth following-KGW producer producing Live at 7 right now. We'll be doing our "It's Friday" dance soon.
How fun! What was the piece and instrumentation?
Heck of a great night. One more final to go.
Nope, if you live there you usually got off with a warning, got one of those, and we knew to not speed.
5 sacks in 5 games #billsmafia he was injured for most of the year
this is for tomorrow right?
CHICAGO!LAST CHANCE TO ORDER YOUR VALENTINE DAY CAKE! Yummy heart shaped cakes, made with love for your honey. WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
yea babes i need your tlc right about now
dunked all over tonight
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
time to get some work done and get ready for american horror story tonight!
hey how dare you spam me? i am a FIESTA full of drinks, slurring speech and awesomeness. you anger me.
come on now, lets not be
He didn't look me in the eye, but he did shake my hand and say "Thank You". I love that kid! He read to page 8 of the chapter book!
I wanna slap those bastards for booing Teix.
Dude your setup is gonna be pro as fuck. I'll for sure be there man
I will submit an outstanding paper and get full credit! Then, off to #sweetwaterfestival in
you and Kian need to make a keek
You cannot think love; you must feel it for this is love’s only language. Jennifer Starlight
First candidate up - Bailey - takes a stab at the incumbent, saying nothing's changed in her 49 yrs here in the district
we need gloves, breathing masks, wire cutters, boxes w lids, safety goggles, laundry items for #tornadorelief pick up
yes, let's blast her for getting paid to advocate for sick kids.
Not being able to fill orders fast enough is a good problem to have, right?
Good point: MT kyleejohnson a5: "social" use of cloud and "educational" use of cloud is different.
should of went the extra $ on Infante...smh
My little brother just came in my room and said " Did wish me a happy birthday yet?" hahahah. aw.
choo choo! RT Hey! We () signed to rise! New lp next year! Self released 7" in aug. Ride the fun train!
Oh. RT Rly, sir? RT Daughters r pointless. WNBA bitches get paid like dishwashers. Them bitches r basically volunteers.
Don't tell me about your "movement", show me!
I have a Asian cousin o.o
The Two Main Ppl That Are Close 2Janet, &The Only Ppl Us Janet Fans Have On Twitter, NEVER Seem 2Respond 2Our Messages Nor Tweets
Ugh. You had to remind me didn't you? I really wish I could be there!
5 hrs till I get up to head to the donut shop for pigs in a blanket!
You will! Keep in touch love
If doesn't win American Idol.. I'm never watching it again.
ISLE rocked today. I was invigorated by all the conversations. Thanks so much for hosting!
Hows Everyone doing out There tonight... :)
I love getting tweets from the cast!!!
haha, it will all make sense once you come visit us this summer.
are providing incredible support for the #registryweek in #RVA. Police are locating unknown sites.
I agree. Just thought it was funny.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! can i get a HAPPY BIRTHDAYY!??! It will mean the world to me(:! <333 plleassee!
baby, are u okay?
Welcome to Miami ! got the job done... Who's celebrating this morning?
Richards made contact but Carlson kinda buttered the bread for the refs there.
It Feels Like Heaven When We Off In The Room Together >>>>
please follow me <3 I love youu.
Fight to the man, cuz a woman chooses a strong, courageous and persistent, and not those who quarrel at the slightest discouraged and leave.
Uh , in the bathroom with the light off !
unfollowed person with THIS joke: "what is algebra? something you take off a mermaid to see her breasts." uuggghhhhhhh
Nice job and on presenting at the #emac capstone presentations!
I'm talking to that guy right now (:
weather people promise tomorrow will be the same :)
I wonder if he thinks about me as much as I do about him <|3
aye go head, lmaoooo
In #love, the best offense is NOT the best defense. Drop your guard & let them see your big, beautiful heart!
have an IT Director candidate in Sarasota; highly recommended by his current CFO (company is folding)
Sorry about that last update...I was just really impressed, haha.
I'm so fucking bored I want my old job back, actually, I'm taking it back! It'll be cool to have two job then!
sorry, yes :) asked me for DFW food recs and I thought you might know a thing or two :)
I just forwarded this tweet to my brother, who was very pleased. :-)
i need more space, so i gotta stop by and get a memory card and a new phone cover, be droppin my shit everywhere
So when do the G-Men take a punter?
Not scientific, just the attitudes my friends & coworkers express mostly in casual conversations about it
Now that you have started to pay attention to hockey, how will you help 'promote' it in Portland?
says he wants economic security for #MiddleClass but he's destroying Middle Class w/ #regulations & #taxes RT
Late Night Happy Hour Friday and Saturday from 11pm-2am...stop by for Trick or Treat!
I am slow too! Maybe we can start by going around the harbor. :)
-- wait, what, we're at war?
And I honestly cant deal w india being drunk when im sober
well, I'll go to the party!
Almost at 50 Followers! Follow MyTrendyBuzz! We are always buzzing!
I Just Taged your @ name in it.
Life is like a dream. There’s good times and there’s nightmares. Life will only last so long, but your dreams will go on forever.<3
lol lies :p what have you been up to stranger.?
I just got tix for NLCS Home Game 1. Hope I didn't jinx your
okay chris jericho is getting a little carried away with his jackets
Thanks for being so cool!
Thanks for the mention on our #ghostfactories project. The Sanborn fire insurance maps are fascinating to explore.
#nowplaying light of the world - alan parsons
sounds like the Old Port is stop you need to make!! Portland waterfront + lobster rolls =
YOOOO Pawl I was Sleep Hit My Phone Back.... Im up Now...U KIDDIN ME?
Most feel me.. The rest wanna kill me❕
Yes I am! Driving up with We should definitely hang out!
Grace must find expression in life, otherwise it is not grace. - Karl Barth
I am going to be interviewing the person behind the scenes who created the top selling personal development products over the last 30 years…
Williamsburg VA for work. And thanks:)
Looking at weekend library hours & wishing I had opened that late night library that serves alcohol when I first thought of it...
Super morning. Hotel lobby buzzing. Met bobby valentine. Told him big mets fan supporter and to beat the yanks!
right on - DE librarians rock the virtual support!
Gotta go for low hanging fruit...NoFo!
Haven't been on in forever, what's good ya'll
salsa has veggies! Very good.
Needs an intervention... about to buy the Hellraiser Remake! -V
Um sorry on the ridiculously late reply - Twitter seems to have ceased notifying me of any messages.
Bath salts, K2, Spice & now Crocodile-the new drug in US. Kills in 2-3 yrs have u talked to your children
Just met w/ a kick ass director & this project #servinitup is a go!
So many shows - dvr'd to catch up on
11-11-11: Take inventory in your life, let go of anything that doesn't make you feel alive. No judgment but a framework for powerful living!
Too bad they don't make better beer to go in those bottles...
I hope they don't wall in Const Gardens Rogers/Marvel is really on a roll in DC: first the Ellipse, now Constitution Gardens.
Wheelwright on WR coach Zach Azzanni: '“He stuck with me, tried to contact me every day and we talked a lot. I really like that about him.”
haha I like my Algebra teacher! :D Thats funny!
fair enough. It's good to see there's some integrity there. Do you know the name Devon Kerns?
You were the last good thing about this part of town
when/where?
There were good discussions @ MEIEA. The young ppl R smokin w/ideas on developing the music biz. Gratifying 2 witness. Ck out www.MEIEA.Org/
yup, someones gotta calm him down “: Paging Luc or Roenicke to the mound...”
Still awake....
Yes, MI3 was good. Loved Keri Russell's scenes in the beginning but DIDN'T love the wife plot. LOVED Maggie Q, too!
Good show tonight on #LastWord re #TheNewt. What a freaking villain. Good 4 u sir 4 calling this evil maniacal corp lapdog out.
Studio time.
and thanks for your kind words! Greatly appreciated!
"The track Before I Break by Circle7 is complete kick you in the balls chaos! We love it!"
Lmao bad girls club wilding Out!!!!
TRANSPARENCY & CLARITY have lovely benefits...just like the FREEDOM to see what's in the bottom of your kettle before you pour the water. ;)
I won't be making it in today because I have to meet with my child's Teacher.
Can you please come to Roanoke, VA.
Yeah, I'll take that win.
Come by our page at 8 tonight to hear a song off of our new EP!
Was walking from appt and saw TV with #springtraining baseball game on...you can have #MarchMadness. GO #CUBS!
Hike to the Observatory, Lunch at Fred62, Househunting, Vday dinner and then Olympic coverage. All with my lady. Fine day.
Thank you man!
There is so much to say and so little time!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!//
I can't fuck with hoe niggas, I can't trust these hoes either
Will the American citizens choose Conservatism or Liberalism this November?
Segmentation and personalization are important when doing email marketing says
Looking at shit in a different view but without my glasses
you must have been goin hard in there! i hope you get a ticket, can't have you missing an important game
yes, please.
Time to ball out as hard as I can
All my exes live in Texas.
made it official. He is not longer a Colt.
Thank you for the RT and helping us spread the word!
Oh yea...happy birthday!
I know. Tell him I said hi 😄
#fridayreads Carry the One by Carol Anshaw. Man, it seems great thus far--excited!
Layin down some cello today at R.i.T.E. Records
Getting ready to go run with in hand :)
It's 45 degrees out here yet the tulips are blooming. I guess this must be
IM ALREADY LOSING IT!!!! JXOSNDIDBOXBDLAJXISD
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11? All proceeds will go to charity. Can you help with a RT?
A2 #NUTS, of COURSE!! Also a big fan of #Foodiechats, #TNI &
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK,
have a good week!
I like your makeup. LOL, JK. It looks like you got gang banged by Crayola.
told you
We got Aaron an I-Tunes card--which we purchased perhaps Tuesday or Wednesday. The card was also mailed Wednesday.
I love a man who grills me meat.
saving some $$ for da new hizzzzouse!!
You're welcome.
Ann's word of the day: vagrant
"That guy's about as funny as a bad analogy"
get it
why did you take your perfectly good text document, make an image of it, and save as .pdf?
What u gonna play? Where p cruiser at?
damn meat u done fucked da man pussy up
hey im sorry but i dont want to be a admin
Had a nice chat this AM with Terri Stacy on about our partnership with the rollout of our Parent Pledge.
why are you laying on the floor in your picture?
dude ive been good, im just real glad its summer! how about you nena?!
I have a springform pan, but have never used it.
Sorry to hear that Leonard. Wish we could do more.
UCONN has a lot of loose balls.
love you Will delete account soon
Hearing from Peggy Balboa on the RDs role in advancing consumer sales and traffic - very interesting topic!
Blargh. I need someone to play mw3 with. >>
I think "At least it wasn't incest" is my new comforting line for most everything. Thanks!
The gig last night was so much fun. Thanks so much for lifting my spirits and even getting me to sing :)
These types of injuries are extremely serious for NFL players. He may never be the same.
Hi Rob, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool assists you better understand how much people love your brand. DM?
lucky. I got a bag of rocks on my news desk.
From Dexter, pop. 1,240, Josh Berry has acted in almost three dozen TV shows and features, including FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS and CRAZY HEART.
How's Ryan Atwood playing? RT : Sandy Cohen of Seymour playing exceptionally well for Blaze in Waukegan.
Lol she just another fan .
RT : ": #np Tennis! " YES *does Virtuoso tennis dance* LMAO<
Happy 2 month early birthday, Sweet 18th Birthday Girl
it's the ying and yang of baseball. Never as bad as you look when losing or as good as you look when winning
I love austin! If you can prove you love here, you get free drinks.
Which layer of hell is this
Thnx 4 the kind words guys. WE only succeed when WE don't give up....as your other tweet, RE: founders, so eloquently puts it. :-)
ah. That's 6pm my time?
Ok, so you just need recording and mixing done? ..i'll DM you my contact info so we can discuss it.
lol oh yeah! Just as filling AND you get a ice cream cone!!
missed the stickam chat with but to those who left cause john wasn't there and made comments about it FUCK YOU ..
all melted now!
Treat people how u wanna be treated
Lmao....SALTS RT : DeRay look like a drunk Vanessa Williams!!
I had no idea what #autism was when I went for my first job either. Can't believe I was hired! Glad I was.
lol the things you can experience at iupui are truly amazing haha
what's the plan at grant park?
Gotta match mine. RT “: #Capricorn likes people with ambition.”
Hate getting teary eyed watching
Thanks for the RT Did you save a piece for me?
This beer tastes vaguely of spearmint. In a surprisingly good, earthy way.
thanks for publishing a book so very worth reading, and rereading
I am what I am, I can't help myself and if you don't like it, get with somebody else ;)
It looks like we've got ourselves a new lair to practice music in and hatch evil schemes from.
Tax refund and girl scout cookies! Best. Tuesday. Ever.
Thanks for all your RTs! Very much appreciated. Glad to work with you
Thanks Janet!
what??? You mean a major in leisure studies and $100k in student loans is a bad thing?
Mane these folks crazy over here .... Forreal! But like iTold my yung nigha im done tryin wit old boy. If he dont see iWant him now
This isn't hard--Just
Well, it's no Library Day in the Life, but still... ;)
I heard Mrs Obama say her fantasy and I have to say, I felt a thrill up my leg.
I thought he looked familiar!!
At the Fitchburg library - standing room only. Overflow at City Hall.
I'll see for myself after I get you trashed
I'm pickin up my offices packets tonight I hear we all get maracas lmao
Sitting here in social service..tryna get these stamps b.ck
RT : You've achieved success in your field when you don't know whether what you're doing is work or play. - Warren Beatty
16 knock knocks!
wise choice. you should also escape campus. and eat some chicken express for me. and their okra. oh how i miss the okra.
Giants!!...Giants!!..Giants~~
Shop will be open from 4-7pm today. Stop by if you're in the hood. 1726 E. North Ave. Side door.
You want to know something really sad? I was born & raised in Oregon and never went to the OSF. Sigh. Youth is wasted on the young.
Prosecutor Charles Rich is 1st to address jury. Urges group to find Julie Bronson's Mercedes have been used as a deadly weapon.
Austin is moving to Miami this week.Im so proud of him although he'll be far away for me, he's living his dream, I couldn't ask for more <3
This better not be a three way tie
Tomorrow to Seattle :')
Throw it all away, drinks in the middle of the day!
MIXTAPE IS DONE BABI was planning on uploading it today but the site messing up :/
#rvagptw Treat every interaction as an opportunity to build or deplete trust - from Great Place to Work at Snag-a-Job today
I didnt know if you guys were doing the pathfinder day or anything.
They don't put that on until you get there lol.
What a deal! A free* tool to easily build cross-platform Epub3 compliant content. (* with purchase of $600-$5000 computer) ;)
A one-man show singing his life through the songs of his idol, #FrankSinatra. Catch #CaryHoffman performing #MySinatra live.
Bitches smilin at you, it must be happy hour!!!
Former President Bill Clinton in DC next Friday. Stay tuned for more details!
are you trying to get your ass kicked.. You're in like 7th grade and you're talking shit to kids way older and bigger than you.
Brrr.... it's a little cold this morning. Come on in for a hot cup of coffee and your favorite biscuit.
yo, i need some followers.
It's been said if the Iroquois Nation had 50 more years before European settlers arrived, North America would be much different. Deluge
Kudos to the Mayor of Memphis, TN for starting a walking campaign, and he's leading the walk himself, saving lives in his own city. Inspired
Dentist appointment today! Gotta get these pearly whites more pearly!
I think drastic change could = collapse, like if humanities & language depts die. that's a trade school, not a university.
it's either "a homophobe" or "I'm homophobic" lol
no you did a poor job of picking him over CP3. Not happening for big Marv
Setting up at MOTR right now!
cowboys defense looks like shit
hey it's not my fault... U better add a caption or two... Lol
Rep. Giffords (D-AZ) shot in Tucson. My prayers and thoughts are with her family...
Remember when the #Lakers were up by a lot & potentially jinxed them by saying "Lakers Pulling Away" and #KobeIsYourDaddy? I do.
i sound like him when i have a clear throat and not all stuffed up i can sound just like him its so cool
Snowy in DC. Thankfully it won't last. Getting closer to March every day. C'mon spring!
Oh boy, Rick. "Ops"
man that was beyond depressing
Yes.. Haha ! But your cover of #1 girl was awesome !!
yeah we kno :)
Where do we send farewell gifts? I have a couple audio discs commemorating Knicks' 1970 title with Marv Albert and such.
damn...its gonna rain tomorrow
Now a dude with a 10 million dollar pool
Whenever one door closes, ....it always smacks me right in the face and knocks me on my butt.
i like how i suddenly became the bad person for putting myself before people that hurt me in the first place
WHERE ARE YOU
follow back austin please
A lot of long faces in Boston. Looked bad for Pats now for B's and Celtics and the Red Sox don't seem real great either.
I'll probably be there around 11, so don't leave with mah cookies.
Success it's within your grasp reachout and grab it. Perfect motto for
wht the hell is wrong wit twitter any1 having problem
If you pray for other ppl, please put in a word for my neck/back pain- it's outta this world & I need that grand level of help!
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on tdm KC and Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play?
Yeah, I spoke w/the accountant this morning and she advised me of the same thing.
Would love it if someone offered to pay me in waffles!
Congrats to on being named captain for 2012!!!!!
when are you gonna post a new chapter?
okay!!! Maybe Friday I can :)
DRUNK ON MONDAY NIGHT? Okay!!
really enjoying my day off I'm catching up on Korra and I started Drag Race season 4!
So much shit going through my head
Did you see Google's recent forecast that the search term “Tumblr” would overtake “blog” by the end of the year?
Ring My Heath Bell - Disco night at Marlins stadium
I know right
Good Morning Everybody
About to read 's new book before her signing today Will I finish it in time?
You still have time to fresh'N up your w TODAY at 218 W. 39th St, or 816.756.5887
John Kirby: joint investigation into #Quran burning complete but decision to release not been made. US, Afgh officials must agree on that
Thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a singer, let me know.
RT this if you got a gift you felt like returning...
Isn't oh so magical?
Thanks for reaching out. For some reason it's tough to book in Denver.
Everybody that works at this airport is suspect to some Mormon activities
See you there! RT : I'll be there for a bit before heading over to tonight's city council meeting.
If you say so. I guess it can stay.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Hanging out with my daughter this afternoon. Best place to hang out with kids ______
I find it sorta comforting that more than one person has mentioned seeing Mommie Dearest on television today.
gonna be a steamy one! Safe travels and maybe we'll see you down there...
Yes, I like it. The options were good for both myself and my sons.
jasmine jasmine jasmine lmao
Good morning! Hope everyone has a great Friday. :)
“Ideas have a short shelf life. You must act on them before the expiration date.”
I wish I could leave this place.
Both of these teams are tied with three-time defending conference champion Fort Atkinson for first place in league play.
Life is not a garden, don't be a hoe.
Losing the battle doesn't mean you've lost the war and winning the battle doesn't mean you've won the war.
Wow another missed dunk for the awful auzzie.
You going to finally grace us with your presence today? The original pound of coffee is down to about a half pound.
Thank ya sir :D
This would be a fine time for Nick Johnson's first hit of the year.
You can't be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesn't work that way. You're already hard to want.
Dear #EG8 participants: Please do not let these crazy French politicians break the Internet with their lust for conquest & "civilization".
I just got this odd feeling for country music.
I'm gonna eat some kashi.
They're going to love my 15/8 latin reharm version of "Sleepy Time Down South."
everyone been saying that
SO YEAH TODAY AND YESTERDAY HAVE BEEN GREAT DAYS SO FAR OK
Why is it so hard to find extremely B.A. shoes in vegan materials? Why? I feel like every vegan shoe is styled for hippies...
good luck this weekend! Send me the link ASAP when it's up
they aren't bad, they seemed to have incorporated that extra padding from the adrian peterson commercials where he is a scaled lizard
YAY! batteries! progress pics coming very soon! :)
my brother thought Scotty day was your birthday. Is it okay that I hate him now?
#DidYouKnow that over 690 million lbs of turkey will be consumed this Thanksgiving? How many pounds for those in poverty?
“: please tell me how "regional coverage" for Omaha is the Yankees vs. the Tigers in Spanish?” they are doing for me
If you can't handle me at my worst then you absolutely don't deserve me at my best
Fair question. Although they probably had a similar number five years ago, no?
you guys are obsessed with bdubs. Losers. You don't even eat the food! I do.
seasons and regions blows
Listening to One Direction and typing up Chapter three of my fanfic. The link is on my page if you would like to read it
your wrong in everything :]
Don't judge me by my tone! ;)
what yu say my name for
Website should be back online Friday, July 1, 2011
"Flesh For Fantasy" comes to mind! Again I say BAH to "cam girls only" #BAH!
follow please
I was up for over an hour before I realized it wasn't Monday.
that sucks, I love going to prom, I went to Junior & Senior prom last year, as I am also this year
Tired of fighting. Just gonna play my game.
Would You Testify If You Seen A Murder
#WeWontWorkOut if you get more likes on your pictures then I do.
My body is so freakin sore I need a massage!!!!
RT :19 yr old shot in Mt. View Nov said he was shot near school but lied; he was shot in a gunfight while trying to rob poker players.
I tried!
Preparing for weekly CRM project team conference call...excited abt launching Phase II technology upgrade...
are you still alive?
not yet but i'm looking.
Crocs gave me gumption to step into ankle deep water to hail cab. Look like ballet slippers, work like wellies. Love em despite haters.
And g'nite!
Yes, you're following.
Happy Pearl Harbor Day.
NBA: Magic exec: Howard, Van Gundy can co-exist Orlando Magic senior vice president Pat Williams, who helped found the franchise in 1989
She said thank you :)
#RIPTHERUNAWAY yes lil kim! Giving couture!
I WAS WONDERING WHERE YOU WENT :(
ill bring the beer...but tell ur mom to back off because I'm with u lol
I miss class with you. :/
Just delivered a birthday cake to the cutest 2 year old I have ever met, just adorable :)
I think it would be better if the Suns started Childress instead of Brown.
you are a rock star! Hope to run into you again soon! (stefan)
#FF this lady, she gets it. RT What about number of successful bunts? That's the only number that matters in baseball, right?
America losses it's triple A rating for the 1st time in history, Obama change you can believe in. Feeling it yet?? www.bruzzesiforpres.com
but your still on probation ....lol
Just caught your preso. Good stuff!
My whole body hurts. =_=
man forget goin to meetings i just want to watch #ESPN all day
Jim Avery of : We're setting the stage nationally with the Smart City San Diego initiative #GCF West
can't wait to see you Tuesday. :)
The ringing in my ears shows my age, but the smile on my face shows my spirit. Wilco was perfect tonight.
follows me (: get #FollowMeConnorFranta to trend, and perhaps get him to follow you!
Anybody dating?
have you ever seen me around chilrdren? the answer is most likely no...because I'm not qualified.
What other members of congress and Candidates support #Occupywallstreet #OWS ?
Request our monthly newsletter & receive valuable graphics design information, special offers & more! Send e-mail to:
"Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong." How true, Ha! Morning, Voodoo
Speaking of which, any plans to grace the Big Apple soon?
Reading "Wench" by Dolen Perkins-Valdez - pretty good so far!!
if she doesnt ill take whatever u dont want :-) or buy it :-)
Only a liar, idiot & coward would deny being a racist if they cannot see Zimmerman called police bcuz Martin was black.
Just hangin with my family making that sunday dinner yummy
i wouldnt have wasted my entire day watching NFL had i known they would end on two bone headed mistakes....
Great picture and story!
In sunny San Francisco, getting ready to talk about GRE at
You're the reason I check my phone every 5 minutes, just to see if I have a new message.
Watching trevy sleep like a creep. He's just so damn cute
thank u I had forgotten about him I have heard some great things about him
#RonPaul gearing up for another 4th or 5th place finish as Romney shill in Louisiana.
no problem! How are you today miss Mandy?
In Columbia, SC. Game time Friday night is 6pm Central. There will be a free webcast & we'll post the link tomorrow! #HookEm! #tourney!
WordPress, is that even a question? :p
Going to bed. I'm a super duper sleepy head. #promNight/morning
Anyone been to Ramrod in New Orleans? When there, I got off at least 6 times in 3 nights. Best was running my cock up a hard muscled ass.
pretty thrilled that they're playing an obscure spice girls slow jam in safeway right now
2nd period under way at the RG and it's Tri-City with a 1-0 lead over the a carbon copy of last night!
Well written analysis that explains why I use
nicely done!
Go Blackhawks. Beat those coyotes tonight.
Still on cloud 9!!!
all good choices. Never been to NO or Montreal. Any would be fun!
Wii bowling tournament at work today. I've been named "Liana “Bowling Before I was Walking” Shanes"
Happy bikini friday! Enter to win a cowgirls espresso ://ow.ly/1MohaG
sure but i dont no how to make it if you wanna you cant use my #imagines =]
Things you shouldn't do by yourself: play mini golf
RT : Tickets for Bruce 's 8/18 show go on sale TOMORROW at 10am but u can win your way in by RTing this by 5pm!
20 years ago today, the #LAriots began. Check OnCentral today around 3:15-- when the verdict was announced-- for Part 1 of our coverage.
jajajjajajaajaj!! the grapevine is closed. LOL
wow...not trying to creep, but that photo came out beautifully.
The perfect solution for ensuring the safety of a loved during their travels.Domestic & International. Professional Chaperone services
Niggas be pressed for pussy it ain't nothin . Instead of worrying bout who that bitch fuckin y don't you get you some money .
I don't know how to be fine when I'm not.
that's right.. I still prank doctors offices,taco bell and an occasional convenient store! Miss u guys
Confirmed reports from #Syria: High ranking #Assad army general assassinated today in
I dropped my phone at the bottom of lake Michigan :(
your welcome(:
#CGXEmerge Thanks to , the LDP Associates behind the scenes, our clients, vendors, etc... Great memories! Safe travels to all.
Not really.
: ) RT : We are the answer to 13-down in today's crossword.
you can still give online donate.salvationarmyusa.org/
I wanna go to australia! So who are in love with in kpop???
Reading the book "He's just not that into you" and they forgot one or is he all of them?
#ThingsBlackFolksArgueAbout goin half on something but not doin the right math
I get if Phillies fans are angry at Harper, but real people are, too?
The next round in the Damn Near Free Contest will begin soon so don't go far!
excellent…don't suppose you have time to make model F-35s? (model of military industrial complex: "costs more than AUS) TY!
We go to college to get a good job to buy an expensive tv to watch truck drivers on the discovery channel.
We can't send kids to schools with no windows that could double as prisons and expect them to attend and learn
"So what if I'm jerking myself off?"
“ Only Insecure people think a Man & a Woman can't be friends without Fucking! That means YOU can't do it without Fucking..”
Today through Christmas, mention this tweet and take 25% off ANY drink and ANY food item!
Sadly, no. And you are only allowed to live in NE for a max of 2 decades if you don't like football. Can never return. :sniff:
Even 2nd rate #Elgar is sublime
Thanks for following, Kacey!
others we'd like to meet: divorce/family law atty, va, promo products, caterer, dentist, mover, auto repair, biz coach, movers...
The normal amount for his charges is closer to $45,000
#kids Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright: Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright from...
is rocking in DC for Our Senator!
SP 800-53 rev 4 is a result of 2 years of concerted collaboration. #NIST worked with the CIO Council to craft the new Privacy Controls.
very cool!
im so immature that everytime i see fast blinking lights i look at the people around me and make sure no one is having a seizure....
Yeah, just sprinkle quotation marks everywhere for maximum accuracy.
You are saved so don't talk like that! Don't walk like that! Don't try to fit in! YOU'RE SAVED!!!
Seriously regretting adding family members to Facebook!
woohoo! Can't wait to see everyone! It's gonna be a trip lol
clearly I effed up my sleep schedule today and lastnight. Damn cinco de mayo! -
My head hurts
I'm at the library now and was literally just thinking to myself about how loud the librarians were! #areyoume?
Thank you so much for posting that!
Wow, you kiss your mother with that mouth. RT : They guy next to me smells like s¥it:
come see us in SD!
#FF and I thought I was the only one!
Ok, , I really don't like that commercials play at a higher volume than my music. It scares me every time an ad comes on!
Cameron is rocking those skinny jeans.
I'm slightly quiet/shy so hopefully it somehow works out where I have fun ha
If is really dating I think Jon Hamm was right: "....stupidity is certainly celebrated."
say it ain't so, Packers release Nick Collins
Nice! (though I don't want an Ood purse). Thanks Kath, I'll take a pic of my bag and contact her.
we only drink the pear nectar
Awareness brings us back to the present moment.
You know what can be cured? Homophobia. (via )
hahaha that's what I thought. Who's out here in southern Missouri poaching the nerds of the Forrest.
man nigga i just wanted to know what up! Why you geting you getting a #period over that?
Haha, I'm just giving you schidt
Am back home to cali for the next week.. glad to get out of Austin right now, it was 96 and humid when I left, thought I was gonna melt
Roll up
oh, thanks Ashley!! Those were some good times, but you can alway come to Kings Fishouse in the LBC!! I hooks it up!
Iowa State kicked ass. Twas a good night!
I believe I'm making the switch tomorrow... Actually the appointment to switch. Can I cancel if I hate it?
Just finished tour of SD airport's $1 billion expansion; officials say 10 new gates, easier access by Aug. 2013
If you need a place to crash in Toledo on 12/18 & don't mind cats/dogs let us know. We're 10 mins from the venue.
Shot my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode. First day was tough, second day was GREAT!
I'm going to give my 60th follower a shoutout. :]
But don't you still believe it could be an apt metaphor for it? I do.
I'm well aware, darling. ;)
tired :'l
Had a good lunch with of Arteless & rapper Jeuelz Steel. Look 'em up!
“: If You Refuse To Follow My First Instruction...I Will Not Burden You With A Second. #drMM #fb”
MitchBenn so Mitch let us know, what distracted you in a mens toliet? LOL
~ RT : Always love ridin the Metro at night back to VA! Calm & peaceful!
I eat at school lol
thanks Kate (:
At bruce tonight with izod nj
. got a refund bc someone lied on the pizza tracker. He wasn't even mad, but very nice.
maybe happening soon!
Good looks We will be Listening
Aww! I bet you tell that to all of the L.A. crime film followers. ;-)
TEam follow back
When I wake up on the morning after election day I want the headlines to celebrate our victory over politicians in it for the money.
It's Fry-day.... I suggest smoking heavily until Sunday
Wen you stop givin a fuck....... Your so much happier... So fuckin tru;) ...good morning
wish i could've went to chicago with mah homies, but family calls :P
NICE!!! "SCHOLAR/DANCER
#tedxuchicago questionstream.in should look at conference backchannel tools. Some overlap...
I'm very sorry to hear that. You know the exact feelings and frustrations.
True. But when you consider it capped off a 1-5 homestand, that's pretty low. I don't even know what rock bottom is any more
good morning everyone. have a great day today!
Finally watched "Terra Nova" pilot last night. Why did I laugh so hard when that guy was gobbled up by a dinosaur?
nifty! i def get a Fred Astaire vibe :)
I enjoyed your post on about "Con Academy" but why'd you delete it?
are you up?
Can't wait until 3:00pm so ready to go home.
I'm delirious and tired. One critical review down, another one to go. Ugh.
Want to enroll is ? Do it now! Enroll btwn Tuesday April 17th and Friday April 20th and receive the iPad3 and a $500 grant.
Interview at ! This is what I had my sights on when I moved to DC. It's going to be great!
well let's get you in. I have open slots this whole weekend.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day. ~ Robert Frost
Enjoyed that Hooks Vs. Bridges 2! always kills it on yhe mixes! Sound and music was real nice!!
lol lifting metal an painting an construction but everybody been fuckin with me today they keep saying im rushing myself
To be in the Shottas TV Series
She's TOO dope!....but not as dope as Karina!
Watching Pat Green play at Austin City Limits. Welcome to #DellWorld !
Me & hannah singing call me maybe in our tight dresses? Hahaha oh these teachers are gonna be glad were leavin!
It's not that bad in Yakima, or even Pasco for that matter.
Hope everyone is excited for LIVE shows to start tonight! 5 acts will be going home. Let the competition begin!
Dinner tonight. Amazing flavors, decor and service. Dessert at 112 Eatery not bad either...
Is it just me or has Terrence Jones just been full of awesome lately?
Photoshop Tip: Right-click or command+click to quickly view your brushes palette.
4 good tweets
great! I don't think it was the Teflon though ... It may have been the shield made of velvet & steel
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the
How far do you have Duke going in your favorite bracket?
well your not testing back, so I'm going to bed.. Sorry that it didnt work out. Goodnight. I still love you. <3
Going good! Oct. will be here before we know it!
So our new single "Home Is Calling" is going to be released soon! Anyone as excited as we are?!
Must see TV:
freezin my butt off. I cant feel my fingers
best of luck!
I'm now a card-carrying member of the Dill Pickle Club in Portland, and eating pickles make my eye twitch.
Love your name!
Quote of the Day: Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious....Bill Meyer
hahaha..its an arabic song.
We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use - are you ready? It's #MDFF12! *kermitflail*
I say bright pastels for wear. Neon accent pieces work well.
can't believe its coming up on a year... crazyness. Miss you, get your butt to the east coast asap. Love Love
Love that Sea-Tac is waking me up with a dose of local music.
Playing with logos :)
thanks! i had no idea what to expect out here. its actually really rewarding. not that i am staying, but it was a good choice
Today I get to listen to a lot of German at work. 8 hours of digitizing interviews in real-time. Fun.
Yeah, bought my old dept a couple of Powershot cameras, & we def liked 'em, but batteries never lasted. You've been happy?
last day of school :D
tv sucks...pulling out the Kindle 📖
« either you fwm or you don't ain't no IM BETWEEN ISH miss me wit that»
she is so grown up
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
It's too late for you and your white horse to come around.
thanks for following me! Mark
Take some shots of a project you'd like to tackle or have a specialist remove from your plate. Tomorrow: Before & After
Crazy ass night, home at last. Don't even wanna go to school tomorrow.
This coming week I wrap up my first placement. How about you?
I have the best pickup line for later . (;
Just jumped on to fix a childish mistake I made yesturday. I love all my family & friends no matter what! Tired but EXCITED
might be worth looking into... There are lots of books full of quotes in the bookstore. They can't have permission for all?
thanks for sharing, have a wonderful day!
I managed to convince a friends parents, and my parents, to not go to school tomorrow. My persuassion skills are awesome.
NYTimes Thu. 4-21 Questioning fashion exhibits in museums. When will the NYT understand museum economics and politics?
My manager just asked me if I knew how to make copies.
Job well done
I THINK so, I mean when tickets go on sale? It'll say if it's general admission or not, haha.
$2 half pound burgers til 10pm. Come and get it.
Juss pissed me off now I don't even want too talk too yhu at awh
NFL should embrace it! theres no EGO like so many mediocre millionaires in pro sprots!
I swear to god, why are there fireworks? On an unrelated note, Burger King now delivers in Madison. Tempted.
LOL! No dinner, just straight up dobbin'!
Oh my.
very nice entry. The mobile layout is by far the best I've seen.
yea u better kiss me back
You couldn't walk a mile in these 11 and a halves even if you had a chance.
Looking for a corporate social media expert living in Las Vegas for a client. Please email me for more info
Good to hear Hopefully people are buying some gear for next year's
Is asking what movie out now is worth getting a sitter for?
RT #mlamobiletech really enjoyed webcast & tweets! lots of good takeaway info- gave me lots of ideas... cld b dangerous, bwhahaaa
If you're American and use the word Mum for Mom, you need to be kicked in the fuckin' head.
Not too much on my girl Rebecca black!
slackers. You have practice wednesday?
we should set something up for first week of june maybe? we can discuss this and much more! cc
Session done time to rest and do it again 2maro busy
I have the most retarded hips on the entire world >.< every time I walk it cracks.
Oh, Captivate. How I can spend two hours tweaking the timing on a 3 minute capture, I will never figure out.
Whoa!! Cheated death once again. On the ground, locked and chocked. Gotta go find a sammitch. FO says she knows a place.
"It is not about where you come from, it us about where you are going"
I need some food in my life
Headed over to to start prepping for our anniversary party
A4 I first hopped in with #sschat & they were amazing abt welcoming me & responding. It's all about engagement
It seemed like every inspection was just preparation for the next inspection. The field/humping the radio was almost a break
She who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Tonight is a ukulele night.
don't forget bandages for blistered feet! Enjoy ALA ladies!
def squad sounds so much cooler than geek squad though...
alright, go ahead! :D
Can you say clinical pause? During the last strike in 84, MSA had to pause clinical for a few weeks. Should be interesting n
That's a lucky little niece that's getting a handmade from Auntie Kim!
AGW is now the consensus view. Another "consensus" was that Iraq had stockpiles of WMD. Don't trust orthodoxies relentlessly pushed on you.
If you every need to settle something between you and your partner, a game of Rummy 500 should do the trick.
Open & ready to serve you! Dbl Punch Drink is our delicious Peppermint Mocha. Shop, Sip, and SAVE - 25% OFF Almost Everything in Bookstore!
great job on the ads!! Love the Rosanne Cash song. Great way to welcome visitors!
A gracious lady saved our spot in line so we could ride rides (: Simpson's ridee here we come!
Feeling sad about potential music issues in SD? Listen to The Bad Plus, "Anthem for the Earnest." It'll make u happy. Then tune to
I get Truxie, nice dev work & real benefit to the food truck owners and consumers. Efficient for both sides. Good job guys.
: overtakes ESPN as No. 2 sports site on ComScore. to celebrate w/ burger w/ all the works at The Counter! :-)
Anybody know where we can score some Koch? won't take our calls.
it is thanks!
PickUpLine: Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Thanks for the commercial info Greg. Looks like it's gonna be EPIC!
The first recording session for #ApproachingE starts in 30 minutes
Woah ... ... ESPN have a stylist or something? If you are going to wear a bow tie make sure it's tied properly.
Hurts worst on second day.
Why does bread have to be so yummy? No really.. someone tell me!! >_<
Hey - thanks for the note. Unfortunately, no shows. I'm not to that point yet. Looking for a supporting band.
hahaha lmao.. and this is why Pauly is my fav RT I'm The HBIC ,,,, Head BlowOut In Charge !!! Yeah Buddy
The girl that ran on the floor of the Nuggets game last night lived four doors down from me in the CU dorms. Yes, true story.
We r working on NJ and if u know someone who wants to open in their area please let us know!
#DanceAgain was good
here's a site that has a great & easy to follow lesson on scales and modes www.guitarlessons365.com
DUDE!! That's hot. I'll get us some for our matching jackets. They'll be all over us!!!
i am going thru concert withdrawl... Ugh:(
GARAGE SALE! Teays valley meadows (greystone lane) I made the sign so you have to come :D
I agree. There's no other reason to go to the NBA without finishing out college especially with his talent level.
Great client of mine from NYC In NY and looking for a place to eat or have a glass of wine, check out Cavatappo....
Just seen a man on a horse going down cermak.
it was tasty. I could definitely do that again!
Happy Mothers Day to you ladies. Especially my fellow Warriors. May you all have a relaxing tantrum free day!
So right after my last tweet, "healthy eating" followed me.. 0_o
graduation is taking forever lol...but family time is always good
Thank you, Ansa! Hope to see you soon.
go to the only cool place in milwaukee. The Safe House. It's a spy bar. staying at the intercontinental? its a block away.
Fuck! These ppl went crazy in April of 1992!
ah I missed Austin song! D:
hell yea THANK YOU!!!! Puts a smile on my face :)
Almost no need for expensive website these days #SmallBizWeek use blog instead.
It's early, but the K-zone is very normal today.
Finally saw The #Avengers. Fistful of awesome. I can't even explain how well Joss Whedon did with that film.
God is great, beer is good and people are crazy:)
It's my birthday!!! RT Happy birthday Aquarians TeamJanuary28
i followed now c'mon, follow or DM me please. <3 :)
We salute for their leadership & involvement with Sports Tackles Cancer. They set a great example for the sports industry.
Loved Nine Lives last night!!!! You Can't Cancel The Show!!!
RT : Interesting notion, using #LOCKSS for vocab preservation. Integrate with #purlz maybe?
#6 C-Sharp "Rubberband" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
RT : I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.
"You can not always control circumstances, but you can control your own thoughts." - Charles Popplestown
Hey, hon! We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
Lmao no kidding
I don't claim to know what's happening, but I know people who do. Oliver Stone couldn't cook up the shit that's happening.
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy the beginning of a trilogy!!! check it out NaLee2010.com
Congrats did something relevant... I'd b just as proud if that pic was hoax. Stay Up gang
#teamfollowback I always follow back!
IM GOING TO TEEN HOOT IN 4days here I come , and yay I cant wait!!!!
wow one more day ;( #9/11
Hopefully when my family comes to visit this summer I'll be in a show :)
We appreciate the follow! Thank U! :-)
which is why I do my best not to have them
Lol my 7 year old nephew STAY on punishment! Every time I call he always in trouble!
Today is Twitter's 6th birthday. Cheers to the microblogging service that changed the world!
Working on my base tan
YOU ARE AT 1,000 TWEETS
no way! what happened? x
RT : Who was ur favorate tonight and what did u think of the judges? How did J Lo do?. Get the trend going.
Is it a bad idea to eat one's lunch at 9:51AM?
This is gonna take longer than I thought.
Last week's raffle winner just picked up her lovely handmade bag -- she picked the cat design -- well done!
Much deserved girls night out.
No, she doesn't like this hot weather, doesn't like how it robs her of her sleep. This is our supposed common ground. The theft of sleep.
Ah my brother's flight ended up cancelled too. Hf in Shanghai, eventually
i like it.....we need to work on a pic for you though...
Good luck to my future hubby George on best actor tonight!!!!
Microsoft is notorious for it. RT : "Bloatware". New term to me.
Funny enough, she's a Rays fan (from Jax), but not a die hard. I will have her in pinstripes soon enough!
What a great day! Perfect ending to the work week.
it's awesome!!
New Washington or New Palace? Or perhaps the one on Conant whose name I always space.
yea yea yea I don't wanna hear it lol
wanna take me on a date? I'm a professional at tonsil hockey if you are interested. ;)
well that's okay, Aubrie, I appreciate your follow anyhow...best of success to you & your writing!
I wish I'd known more about Jamboree. I think it's probably more my 'speed' than NGS. Will go next year.
Man you're so quiet on-air now, did ESPN yell at you for being opinionated?
I legitimately hope you all win. LA is overrated.
#1personontwitteriwanttomeet my babe ;) 😘
"I don't know " is a very honest statement (hopefully the beginning of a lesson)
Today in India: I saw a man in a three piece suit on the side of a busy road urinating. He smiled and waved with his free hand.
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Giant Eagle - CIALIS -
So glad we DVR'd the Sox opening ceremonies
Happy Monday! How was everybody's weekend?
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back." - Blaise Pascal
Using Google Docs for faculty agenda is example of using new tools for obsolete meetings.
hows everyones valentines going so far?
omg really!!! Cool!
Your environment can inspire innovation. What surrounds you?
How to organize a closet - Mother Nature Network
Today's Stops: Saratoga Springs,Old Key west,Bay Lake,Poly,Grand Flo.,All Star,Boardwalk,Yacht Club,Jambo. Need a scooter we'll be there!
Long day about to play some cards and entertain my new friends. I'm like a Juke Box! I'll be ya hike box for a small fee!,lol
oh that's good that it is working properly now.
Fuck it. I gonna be a Fucking lesbian.
yep! Next saturday
Heaven knows it's a crazy ride it's never perfect all the time it will pull you down and send you flying so hold on tight on this crazy ride
Yeah #boniver ! Local boy! He looks like a total Wisconsin dork just like he should! Shout out to Eau Claire!
Hey everyone! Go check out 's tour announcement at Facebook.com/actionitem :)
Working late into the night to bring you exciting new tees.
elroy, mama's in the kitchen with the sauce!
hey everyone... I'm performing in Unscripted New York this May in midtown!!! Whoo-Hoo!!! Follow for more info!!!
Writing my article for INSTYLE!!!
I think we might be on two Different pages here, buddy.
back at ya
I guess that the challenge is to be open to new experiences, new ideas, new concepts. Be true to self - yet open to growth.
Got what? RT : Got it.
#BlackStudies is transferred to job market 1. in terms of self-preservation for blacks in corporate America
Heyya. All is going well here! Hope things are going good on your end as well.
Hey your work out partner from good 'ol Eau Claire (Bon Iver) is representing #WisconsinCelebs on tonight's grammys
aww Mo, I ms yall! I got sm stories 4 u so get yo popcorn ready boo boo, LOL! My hair look lk cotton, this AL heat is no joke!
hey honey!! I called you back!
my kitty
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 3 points!
so ur gorgeous
": The best coaching hire this season was _______________." Frank Martin to South Carolina
A little bird is letting a secret out... She told me not to tell anyone! Horny Goat Hideaway and Impact Ultra Fitness has teamed up!
Texas Pearland Classic will start on Friday! "Play Hard or Go Home"
#YOLO is so fucking annoying. We obviously only live once, no need to say it every 10 fucking seconds.
not sure. That mtg is imp. But thinking also abt doing the indispensable librarian 1. Hope 2 catch up w u sometime 2mrw tho!
This heat is killing me  -.-
Get texas holdem poker tables at www.eproducts4less.biz
I want to find someone who enjoys my awkwardness, loves me even when I'm mean, and laughs at my jokes even when they're not funny.. :|
RT The shortest distance between two people is a sweet smile
thanks Oliver!
I don't think I know a guy who uses it except to see what it is for a second and then quit.
I organize the icons in my dock by shape. Squares to circles. FaceTime is the connector.
Just answered the funniest Research Snippet question: "Does the sound of other people chewing fill you with rage?"
IT'S FRIDAY and TIME FOR SOME GREAT MUSIC AND FOOD! DORIS LONG WILL BE IN THE HOUSE WITH THE JOE HUNTER TRIO TONIGHT AT 7:00
that was from She keeps accidentally tweeting from my account on her phone.
MT Join us @ 11 this a.m. for the groundbreaking of the new - in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
Thank YOU for coming out! RT Thanks, , for a great time at #ThursdayTherapy tonight! So fun!
Phoenix MDA has finally figured out this TweetDeck thing and will be posting regularly soon! Thanks for your support.
Mom, is that you?
I never ever wanted to be nobody else but myself!
yeah, things are gonna be very different
BRICS. Definitely. Even if it's below zero.
i call this White Mamba lol
Kerriann, I am so proud to say that you are one of our outstanding PR students. Congrats!
Any thoughts on candidates to replace him?
You make my little heart feel a bit less small today.
Its Killin Me Swear I Nevaa Cried So Much..
hey baby .
nice! I went to Montgomery! Awesome to know people from the neighborhood are making it big. We wish u much success.
I hate cartel
Jimmy McCulloch died on this day in 1979 of a heroin overdose. He was the lead guitarist for Wings.
u created Denver's #TebowMania hahaha!! I'm done hearing about disloyal, spoiled, greedy & players! Fans R worse!!
Dear new sub today, you're a wee bit attractive but please stop staring...
Working on holiday music for the River of Lights 12/4 at 7PM
Man do i miss that californian sticky icky.
Listen, it's jewelry not jewlery...
' Sure can't wait for her or Larry to come for me :)
Be sure and vote for for senator at large along with the rest of the Bilas/Kington ticket
sounds a lot easier to dip in syrup and put on after, otherwise you'll end up with Funfetti!
It's roasting outside! Why can't I be at the beach right now??
only when I work out
The Power that lies within you is what the world is waiting for - consider it your contribution ~ Lidy Flom
!!! I can't wait till Popstar Magazine!!!!!!
Pats-Giants!? Now I'm definitely ready for baseball season.
Giants' Sandoval has fractured hamate bone in left hand. Is it Kung Fu Bad Handa now?
#AllMyChildren being cancelled. ugh...grew up with that soap
For pulltab fans, our current 'In it 'til you win it' game has about $1k left in prizes & very few tix. An great investment right now.
Festival announces winners from Cuba and Argentina
Thanks for the spoiler!! West Coast
About to try my first
We can only hope. ;o)
Great #trainingtips appearing here soon! Follow #BPG11 for great tips from our conference this week.
we DON'T play...
Why is that broom staring at me?
Fact: the official, full name of Bangkok won't fit in a tweet.
Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.
RT Brand your self like a product. This includes marketing, promotion and everything. People trust you then trust your products
roses are red. violets are blue. your face is really cute. i love you.
The politically #Lincorrect segment to start SNL was kind of funny...take that #FloydMayweather...,,.
May you live all the days of your life. ~ Jonathan Swift
You're the one wearing dumb ass heels not me so I'm just going to walk around you and your stupid huge bags and just scoot. Thanks
Yes, so have I.
To all the bostonians at #sxsw you are missing the great weather here... 70 yesterday & it is now its snowing.
my comp. is tomorrow
SEO NEWS: An Open Letter From a Frustrated Outsourced Link Building Author
Avengers was great! I loved it! I totally sugest you go! Its funny god epic and peoples laughs at the movies were crazy!
I said God teach me your ways he said i did its called the bible nigga lol
Jazz fan for the day. If they win then the #Twolves secure a first round draft pick. Let's go Jazz!
RT : “: Enjoying the conversations, engagement, and speakers at #SDCChi” very much so, great program!
Bloodwork take 2. How do you screw up a blood test?
Average Response Time to Talk to a Doctor 22 Minutes!
Nice to hear from you! #POD12 planning is going great. Hope all is well with you!
Oh wow, that will be amazing!
GO EAGLES!!
We are getting ready for our service spiritual economics, Financial Peace & Prosperity in Uncertain Times
It's the weekend, remember to watch out for the other guy.Be safe.
Got a new texting app on my iPod! Txt me! :) 1 (682) 214 0385
In this case, that's bollocks. We have used our "presence" to get involved in everything from restraining...
Just heard your interview on the Mike Heller show in Madison, I'll be in the BC on SUnday. Keep it up playa
How's everyone? I'm really having a bad day :( well hope yours is better. :]
#BecauseItsFriday It means we get an #AUSTREAM from <3.
a big reason to reason to watch the #NFLDraft...on MUTE!
thanks hun! :D
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO COME OUT TO THE SHOW LAST NIGHT!!!!!!!!
400 each!! that's 2,000 words!! plus resume + cover letter...
The weather in LA is beautiful! Gotta love this sun. :)
Last day of 2011, thank God for all your blessings!
isn''t she coming june 29th?:/
Q3: health, taste, cost, favorites, freshness
Rod Stewart WHATWHAT!!
No I've been going to school. It just recently started back and now I only have it on Thursdays. So it's not like a big deal.
Cold pizza and chocolate milk...
what happened to your one direction fanfics?
i DO NOT want to do this research paper.
Lmaoo look at u RT : Yup. That game 7 loss last night was just terrible. Wait what? That was only game 2? Look atchu RT
--- Thanks for the RT!
Thank you for the RT!
love you two!!!
You were amazing in 'The Day', I saw it at the Sarasota Film Festival. Great job and thanks for coming!!
My only friend just flew into my apartment. A solo fly.
#NW Money From Strangers😂
yep! and my car lol
players play because we glorify athletics, money, and all of the trappings that go along with professional sports
2 more minutes til 5th period. Which im gonna skip like always & go to my fav teacher c:
i could go for a grande white mocha cookie crumble frap with chocolate whipped cream
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Gov't will hear us today! #GeneralStrike around the country. I work but stayed home in #solidarity!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? Dennis Skinner
Thanks for the #FF last week!
My google reader count has surpassed 700...I'm thinking the only way out now is to just hit "mark all as read"...
Welcome to DC! You should stop by for lunch. We'd love to meet you! ;-)
Last night I watched a movie called "one Week" what would you do if you had one week to live?
How about tomarrow? I think im done on my other one for tonight..(: I want to talk to her for the rest of the night
At the U of Delaware, u know it's a party 4 #Israel when the falafel comes out!!!!
I'd still be up for a call if you guys want to jump on later.
took off my bridge piercing.. I feel ugly now lol. WAAAAAAHH
“Dear Bestfriend, please stay in my life forever because you're one of the best things to ever happen to me. Love, me.” some1 say this 2 me
So, lucky! LA is totally the best place to be to find the fame/fans you need! Girls must be in love with you lol
I've ran at least 5 consecutive yellow lights.
so where is the snow that barred cheerleading from competing today...?
Wishful thinking . . .
Where are my tax returns!! #soimpatient 😡
": Hearing a song you really like on the radio, and trying to remember part of the lyrics so you can google it when you get home."
Very excited to hear from (of & Board of Directors) at
Yes, Thank you! Awesome writing :)
Ouch!!!! Germ-X on a huge huge cut! I am literally screaming from the pain still!
hello. i love you.❤
YES PLEASE. We can wear our pink tights.
“: I'm following the next 100 people who wants a follow #” oh please follow me!!! Haha
I't d be nice to see this running game continue
nothing from Milwaukee or Madison yet
I DEVOURED mine! I want more.
I CAN'T sleep :/ i have cramps *cries*
Coaching a family today on Mental Management. It's always a pleasure when families attend training together. Great Day!
They're great. Thanks!
Anarchist who is helping organize Occupy Portland protest questions whether organizing goes against his anarchist beliefs.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. Watch "Mister Rogers & Me", a documentary produced by Fred Rogers' neighbor, on MPTV 10 at 8PM.
omg me too he is the best thing that has happened in the music industry!
Hey do me a quick favor and like my band crushing juliet page www.facebook.com/crushingjuliet
good luck!
its funny sitting in a hotel lobby in philly watching a 60 year drunk guy hit on a young hottie for the last hour
worst pickup line ever. ;-). Btw, what would a Boycrazy ringtone be?
Hi John thanks for the follow. I live in Florida as well. Port St Lucie. Let's keep in touch. Looking forward to your tips
Working on my new children's book "So You Have The Shits"
There, I'm following you now :)
Good to know I have people who care enough to look for me if I ever went missing.
Don't forget its EXTREME SUMMER time at M Salon! Click on the Enter To Win tab to the left for your chance to win a HUGE Summer Make-Over!
Join in the consciousness that tries to provide great education for all children, working toward best for all.
Can't feel the pain, like NOVACANE ♥
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all. - QM
Howdy tweeps Letting my good buddy take my account4 a spin.He'll put ML: in front of his tweets.Can U pls give him a hello?
Nothing to do? Yes you do! Come to any of our 4 locations and get your MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL ON! $20 gets you a large 2 topping pizza &...
Well, I suppose if you're dancing, stretching *is* warming up.
the fire was in my building! “: If you want the latest on the high rise fire watch starting at 6am.”
Brew City Update: Orders placed by 12/17 will arrive before the Holidays!
you're very welcomed and thank you....
You can't dunk, Luke Wilson - give it up! #AT&T
FYI ice cube wasn't from the streets his parents were professors at ucla. He just got together with nwa
Thanks Miss Mollie! Hope you grabbed one of our #OaklandsTight albums or t-shirts.
is this contest on Facebook for the whole Go Radio tour? Or just your hometown date?
Definitely Mark Smith's home run the night of the Cordova/Rincon no-hitter in 1997.
The avengers Dbox in 3D for $10 yeah,? Heck yes I'll go!
Guys who are skinnier than me..
great tweet
is pretty excited! My LLC went through.
This place called earth is something else...
Yay! And my mommy is going to pay for your ticket to my show. :)
Strike em out! Throw em out!
I love you :) haha
Please follow >>>>
Laying onthe back lawn watching the Perseid meteor show with the girls. Best show in town! 4 great ones so far!
Day number 9 of work in a row, leggo
We are counting down the days till Saturday too! Hope you enjoy a little something special we have coming your way ;)
Southern sweet tea and poolside reading
In every trial comes a lesson. Don't just run from it, learn from it.
COME & PLAY Harbor SATURDAY 8/20 ! support and join our yoga class. Donate Today!
Another great video shoot today! Can't wait to see the final product! Enjoy the weekend everyone!
Knew she was signing but didn't realize she was in Frisco!
RT : Oh and FTR, lost another 2 lbs while at Shnoocon. <= Way to go =)
Good mooring Twitter friends.
Listen, Rose. You're gonna get out of here, you're gonna go on and make lots of babies, and you're gonna watch them grow.
Every man should be required to dress like Daniel Craig does in The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
Not so fast, Daley! You're merely threatening a kitten, not punching it.
Well, how was your weekend?
Watching The Voice,Lady Antebellum is performing and Justin Bieber is next!^_^
Many disagree but I think the #Redskins are doing good things in the draft. Time will tell...
Congrats on the win!!!
#wmnldrs impactful change session. If you could imagine a change that is needed in your wkplace what would it be?
I just earned the Glamorama badge on #Yelp!
Hulk is Beast! period.
ohmygoshh. my little fangirl heart :)) just like old times
Can't concentrate. My mind is already home in PGH this wknd. I also spent my lunch playing Just Dance in my living room..alone.
People are telling lies about me I don't understand. Some people at home and that in PA Im in FL how does that even work. Some R 40+ in age.
When it hits....The Bubble Monkeys will be in effect.....!!!! for those that dont Know.....
Can't wait to be DONE done.
Next week will probably work. I'll shoot you an email. :)
aw cute:)
Stopit? Like seriously i was jokingg.
Judging Specialty Herb Vegetable beers for the US Open. #BJCP. Someone's gotta do it.
Alright I'll let you know boo
just getting a bit nostalgic traipsing around in Politics and Prose
2:30PM Free Concert in Fountain Park "Igor’s Jazz Cowboys"; then 4:00PM at the Community Center it's the Fountain Hills Community Chorus...
hulk is the shit
as hot, more hot, or less hot as the first one?...
hello guys :)
#FF and two guys that danced with Kate Upton.
Agreed. RT : I still think: the best story in American politics is the tension between reality-based Republicans and the...
Down goes duke!!!
dylan n I are visiting family.
First the PO can't close my box as their computer is down. Now the bank gave away their key to open the room to the safety dep box.
how is 7 pm for dinner Tuesday? I'll make a reservation just to be safe.
MT : A2 If I ever make it to Mitchell, SD, I'll be eating at the Depot b/c I heard of it via here
Hanging with the McNally Smith peoples tonight at SXSW...love Minneapolis.
Good morning lovely and the same to you:)!
Louisville could loan FSU the money, thereby making Cimarron our bitch.
Reminder! The library closes at 6 pm today & reopens Sat. 11-6. Regular hours resume Sunday at 11 a.m. Have a great break!
Sunday Dinner Prime Rib Buffett Only $11.95. Come one call all and enjoy this feast! Only at the Cultural Center. Order in or take out.
I'd like to think you paved the way! The race was - I didn't get choc milk in finish area, out of respect for you.
Watching at 2 a.m. :D
How come when I RT I cant leave my own little note WTF am i doin wrong
LEADING STRONG INTO ANOTHER WEEK OF CONSISTENT MARKETING. Discipline up, message continuous n' upbeat - anyone for a Mocha? I'm buying!
dude it was lip synch day and luckily I was there. It was hysterical!
how are your fingertips doing?
Gator!!“: Would have been better if Shabazz had stayed home RT : what are unlv's chances of landing Anthony Bennett?
Back in Amurica.
Boy American Idol is gonna SUCK next year!!!
i just came across > 's channel and omg LMAOOOO!!!!!!!! ur super funny! xD
Obama caved RT : They C disaster I C disaster. wht abt U? Moody's Warns On U.S. Credit Rating After Tax Cut Deal
I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign🙏 I'm only almost 15 & I have known many ppl with cancer in my life...
I played basketball for the second time today and I really need to work on my endurance and stamina I'm out of shape!
Don't know why I've started watching the news btw everything on it gets me angry, hate the politicians, only care about themselves & money!!
There you go : )
who remembers using pos as parent over shoulder
Happy B-day! Enjoy it, life is to short not too.
The subtweets on my TL within the past few hours >>>>
As of today, I have tested 's tolerance for an entire year.
pleasantly surprised by the #GuyCode trend tweets!
oops! I can on Monday. No Photoshop at home. I just thought that was fancy cocktail dresslayering.
How do you have so many followers ?! ? :o
Twitter Karma: Great app to see who follows U only until U follow them. Just unfollowed a bunch of people.
Hence the recent ballot box idiocy, one might suspect.
thanks so much for following ;)
Need to start a blog.
Thank you so very much, from the both of us.
Roland is speaking the truth. I saw him debate the F& who wants to illuminate all frat/soro. Do you believe the guy was pract. self hate?
What kind of weather is this? Did we skip fall?
Geothermal energy could supply mankind with power for 13,500 years
That #NBA commercial with the Celtics in the tunnel pumps me up
Obama: North Korea will achieve nothing with provocation - CNN
when and where I wanna wrestle with ya/help you with some stuff
any relation?
What was ur fav memory of orientation: "TAKE ME ON A TRIP"
I Made Sherlock Holmes, That's My Son...
follow back please
If smart homes are the new smart phones, then will "child-proofing" the home include blocking "in-app" purchases on the refrigerator door?
Hello , it was nice to hear your thoughts at #newmedia #bootcamp hopefully next week we will get a chance to talk more
hope u have a great time!! :)
@ jsteinshouer did you see just gave jimnnicks a shout out? Feels like I should bust out the still smells like BBQ shirt.
I do freelance graphic design & that's my "real job". I also write t-shirts, write comedy, sell on eBay, etc. ADD is amazing.
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book? They all have phones.
Been looking for the zip-over #travel #pillow & having no luck! ? ? ? ? ? ?
I wake up late for school almost everyday.
what are you doing tonight?
In the jungle the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight......
Need a good corner play here! Come on Yanks!!!!
#FiftyShadesofGrey purchase underway...since I'm a VERY mature person, I'm already making fun of it and I haven't even started reading!
RT Let us not forget about the less fortunate who've never been to a restaurant where an educated foreigner recites the menu to you.
Did the #P90X chest, shoulders and triceps workout. Week 7 begins.
I already knew it was a chonga voice before I read it was. I know you so well :*
Men take care of your kids... don't handicap your babymama tell that hoe get a life better yet get a career #singlemotherblues I'm going in!
#SIB as a new way of addressing chronic homelessness? Let's find a way to take solutions to scale. Risk, innovation, outcomes, partnerships.
nah I was just a lil tipst I think someone stepped on my shoe lol
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I would have dump him that second idiot
camping it up tonight in Momon, Indiana! Ahead of schedule!
hey lady I briefly saw your text the other day and then my phone broke. I don't have your number, text me again!!
I have the sudden urge to put on some Boston, #MoreThanaFeeling and dance around singing into a hairbrush for a microphone.
I woke up one morning and I had a new follower and it was I never would have experienced her talent otherwise. TY
would you?! o_O
That's why I refuse to call Written tickets make it easier to prove their incompetence, if I need to.
ahahahahahahaha. early bird gets the hotworm?
San Francisco in 2 days!!!
Our brand new song "The Hidden Harbor" premieres today across the interweb. Have a listen now! www.therubbishzoo.bandcamp.com
If you ran a hotel, wouldn't you make sure staff mbrs were responsible, in an evacuation, for speaking w guests outside?
Wow the new Philips AmbientLED light bulb lasts 22 years!
Marilyn ... this time it is imperfection and fallibility
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
haha well come cuz im still shaking :$ x
More new arrivals...Savinelli's 20th Anniversary cigar is now on the shelves of our walk-in humidor and is an instant hit!
Not surprising. Kreuz Market is one of the most famous BBQ joints in the world. Over 100 yrs old.
Wait I didn't tweet that last one right. Just wanted to send people over to you AND listen to your re-mix.
The Steel Hurtin and B-Unit head off to Lancaster PA to play Dutchland this weekend! Wish them luck!!!
Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand.
Single for the summerr so I can go to Cali and talk to some hot guys
There will always be thousands of people to tell you it can't be done.
love the muppets
da fuk you mean you aint got my money yet mafugga - samuel l jackson voice
for the record I did like "Whee!" as a name.
All I want in my life is more hunger games!
thanks!! i'll try to meet you girls at alberto's on the flip side!!
of course you hear that. #weekendfail call me maybe on repeat next weekend.
LMAO!! RT yes his heart is broken from being coached by m brown. He's getting Smush Parker flashbacks.
Big Alex shouldnt have canceled.....
#DASER Comfort: "elegance in science conotes ideas of simple beauty -- the opposite of elegance is brute force."
$80 for a return flight for a time that was convenient for me? After giving up my seat and adding an entire day to my trip?!
how are u doing?
Happy new years eve everyone, (:
They are now in fashion and really look sophisticated in their own natural property appropriate for the wedding
Cause he asked you out!? It was super duper funny! Tyler:Okay this is a serious..*Starts laughing* Will YOU go out with me
We all thought for sure he was gonna ask her out. Lol they'd be so cute.
It's a wack-ass term for "STUFF BLACK PEOPLE MUST LIKE".
Filming and wifey!!!!
that's for sure my dude
The last couple days I wake up to my daughter saying "Daddy? Daddy? Daddy?" Sometimes it's the little things.
Gonna see Andy Pettitte today.....almost time to start Pre-gaming with the boys....better get out of bed!
Been rewriting the article about the Sackler. Gonna go check out the Weiwei works tomorrow!
San Fran, Tehran, Portland
See you both at CSA!
Ted DebiaSea & Cake
#ImMadAsHellBecause we pay for PLENTY of government as it is. I am unalterably opposed to pay for more.
I like to argue .
NEVER SAY NEVER!
How is everyone's #SXSW going?
Daily GTKY question presents the conclusion of guilty pleasure week. What is your guilty pleasure?
excited to go check out 's event at Flux design in Riverwest!
that woman as a gnarly beast. If she put her chest anywhere near my face, I'd sue her too
Good morning friends!! up and ready for action.. cleaning the house in a bit ;)
thinking about dinner... really wish i had an close by.
(2/2) of the docters that his arm is fucked up and he thinks he has torn something. So now he is injured. <EXTREME RULES 12>
Get ready to hear 1st place Brewers for a while! Way 2 Go Team! Sweep those Red birds outta here!
I think your tweets are great. It was just like being there.
#ff RT Ever notice how you never see Val Kilmer & Newt Gingrich in the same place? Wait - yes you do; at the Cheesecake Factory.
That'd be quite the reading session, eh?
nice! Are you on Facebook?
Tryin to save a little gas/energy, and decide to roll the windows down in the car instead of a.c....then u get the heat blast!!!
NO WE GONNA BE AT BABYSITTIN CLASS WHEN TICS GO ON SALE -cry-
yo man happy new year. Hope all is well
Ganna get the wheels today, and my skateboard tomorrow C:
hello to a fellow Okie! I'm from Healdton, but moved to Milwaukee a few years ago.
How is the fight to SAVE KUSF going? You have my full support from down here in Texas! Keep fighting the good fight.
Kristin is in Boston for orientation. The girlies leave today for Nana & Papaw's for a few days. Things are about to get lonely around here.
lmfao u kno how the pastor's kids r
Hand down man down
Sorry Mike, can't. Watching kids that night.
Starting the New Year at 56 years old with lots of ones--1-11-11.
"There is a very little emotional return on investment on fixing potholes." focus on the more important things.
so are we giving up then?
hate you!
Pretty boys think they run the world... You ain't that tight hunny
Did you know that Billy Corgan owns his own wrestling company?
Group Judging in hall C. Don't miss it.
That was awesome!
I'm so in love with both of you.
say something else
Big Event coming up for UM CoEAA!
What happened to your Celtics?
I hate feeling like a jerk.
Try the L'Albatros “Cheese of the Month” club, featuring 3 seasonal cheeses, descriptions & tasting notes each month. Call 216.791.7880.
dang. What r u here for?
The concept of space is overwhelming. Saw the Hubble IMax film today and cried a little. Of course I cry during just about every movie.
Hope you all had an eggceedingly good Easter! (groan). And with that eggcellent omen, I begin my helmsmanship of Osprey twitter....
": worth it to see Avengers in 3-D or should just do regular?" 3D ultra screen in luxury seats. Especially with your frame!
SOMETHING GIRLS ALWAYS TELL YOU:"I LOVE YOU." AND YOU KNOW WE DO(;
YAY!! are currently chatting with an awesome !
thanks bro.
You can tell a lot about a person by the tricks they hang around
Watching Sinbad at the Central Catholic auction. Good times
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 6th. Still 3-1 Maryland as we head to the bottom half.
and hm as in I'm right?
Voted for Best Gut Wrenching Scene for 2012 MTV Movie Awards!
luckky! could you tell him to follow me?(:
screw Piers. What is wrong with that guy? glad he's being replaced!
#YoungAdult favorite is free fries at Burger King. At Last a home run King with Barry Bonds and Etta James ahead of #2012 #fridayreads #FF:)
I didn't go home with them so I didn't know bubba was missing hahaha
Im free at last :P yay
Send some martini's to Milwaukee!
What is the cray-cray sister of yours doing back in Minnesota?!
Decorating my parents car tomorrow! #NeedTheseTickets!
nope, but their always tonight, that's means when I get off work lol!! I'll send one bro!!
99% of the guys in the world are hot. The other 1% go to my school.
i m tempt to look at my phone but thank god its dead (:
“Great things are done when men and mountains meet.” ~William Blake
I LOVE YOU OK
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou *heart beats faster* why arent you here?!
We want to say thank u for the 44 FolLower we wish that can be more but thanx to all ;) luv u
#imagine you and Harry in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring. H: i love you *kisses you*
doing some cool research.
Nana's visitation tonight 💔
All the more reason to send each other more emails!!
NOTHING GOOD ABOUT THIS SHITTY ASS FUCKIN MORNING.
This morning was like the opening number of a musical - beautiful day and everyone in my neighborhood saying hi to me.
meh...still at work and it's been a rough day. but less than an hour left! how are you?
11am today we're back w/ WINNING #cupcakewars cupcakes & other favorites too! Watch us on again tonight at 8pm!
ok im gong back to class now
yea bc u messy!! Then u gotta tell everybody who won and demonstrate fight moves
I once tried merging my LA clothes into my NYC closet and two trenchcoats stabbed an Ed Hardy hat.
Cannot get Mango to load while in Shanghai. Missing my Chinese lessons.
Many amazing things to tell you all very soon!!
Done with 's recording session and headed back to Chicago with I hope we make it...this prop plane is tiny.
I need to modify my friends...hahha
I'll follow once my limit is removed, and you don't have to list me =)
Well said! I have dedicated myself and my professional life to helping others understand the wisdom that is revealed in my...
hey justin is offline ?
Currently heading back home :)))))...
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
oh I understand. It is different than FB. But somehow being friends with a bunch of new and different people is exciting!!
Thus proving the Jets brass is run my a 4th grade class
Retarded laugh!
I'm gonna give your shirt away soon bud.
He's Black???
lime myself?
who uses mental models (indi young style) as a starting point for ux design? i'm experimenting w/ a client. some +'s/ some confusion.
game is at 6:20 Sunday. Ill post the schedule on FB tomorrow. It's Indoor sand!
I'm not being hateful I just get tired of being asked the same thing 20 million times
RT : Great leaders break barriers, bad leaders create them
E-file takes 2-3 Fridays to come back. Sometimes your bank holds it for a day or 2.
For sure. FOLLOWED (:
that was big time
Omg, my hair looks so cute today. SO CUTE.
no, you are!
Thanks for the RT :) Looking forward to reading more of your tweets!
good thanks :)
i want it
that's a 'bellissimo forno' Chef!!
Faviorite song right now : canibal by ke$ha! She's so funny !
You are honestly my INSPIRATION! thank you!
KNOW WHERE YOU CAME FROM; KNOW WHERE YOU’RE GOING (Jn 8:12) He who follows Jesus will not walk in darkness, but have the LIGHT OF LIFE amen
k wishing you luck!! Have fun
Thanks for watching!!! Next up check The Frankenstein Syndrome!
One Time to Turn To You <3 His voice may have changed but he's still kidrauhl <3 So proud of that boy
Nice shot Joesph!
loved the bit about Kentucky in 7 seconds today...K-E-N-TUCKY!
RT RT Someone needs to have a cookout, I'm craving BBQ :p
me too!! Stress!!
: it iss. -pretends to read book- fat guys want my dickk x:
No need to curse bro ill just leave. Hijo de tu madre tonto come mier-@
Rico Muerte will be playing Free Tulsa! at 7pm July 29th on the Blackwatch Stage! Come out and Support Rico Muerte and Full Circle!
Thank you!
Did you just spot Scott Wittman in a silent cameo?
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
haha. Actually I'm pretty sure you spelled it right(: haha.
I have this annoying cough does airborne medicine really help?
fasho ima do the other one today
I was pretending to sleep cause you do the creepy popcorn trick to me at the movies...
Good Morning ATL
I swear, if you don't hurry up and pick somewhere to eat...
Good morning! Nebraska loves you :) #1DtoOmaha check it out!
It's going to be even nicer today so I'll leave work early and go to the unofficial naked beach.
Happy Birthday Avril :D
Javier Mendoza's Latin Jazz Experiment performs 2 sets tonite and 2 sets for Cinco de Mayo tomorrow! The Bistro is going to be heating up!
Ah 's "What the Hell" vid just came on tv…I love the song sfm!!!
Looking forward to the Le Pooch photo shoot for our staff tonight! Pictures will be posted on www.lepooch.net later this week! So Excited!
Stars are gone
Exactly. Plus, emerging Big Data mining tools mean that not even industry knows how all this mobile data will be used.
Are the wheels falling off...
Woohoo, Birds pick up a win against the Evil Empire!
ha! Not quite there yet. Lol
Sure m hi
Layla el is my favorite diva. Hogan I can not stand ( but I will never forget him) you are right about Brock. But I do not like
Is there nothing to do tonight?
Gonna get myself ready to see , , , and in concert in more than a month away!!!!
I'm sitting at Panera killing time before work and I literally being attacked by a fly, why me fly, why me?!?!?!?!
Oh, Phillip... Please marry me. Please.
Yes, that's where they belong.
by the way how bad have the last 4 loses been. Brutal
yes! We were trying to figure out if it was our tv!
I meant sponsors, vendors, sauce contestants. However, we will fill contest-judge seats on a FCFS basis.
He's too busy drinking coffee.
We're so lucky to have as a Y Gen supporter! You're the greatest :)
My newest baseball is done & up in Cooperstown- it is of Doubleday field- came out nicely- let me know if anyone goes up there and sees it!
can't wait I love everything scorsese
Hey :) how are you ?
Did not sleep well at all. Fell asleep thinking about wordpress, dreamt about making a medical records app in Django. Serious WTF.
That sounds about right.
literally that article INFURIATES me. #Rihanna is the farthest thing from a role model if she gets back with that dirt bag
Economist: Housing shortage coming in 2011, from msn.com, what are these guys smokin??
your "man card" had officially been revoked..... 😳
lol swag you out, though
Just saw a lady using a magnifier to use her phone, just another reason we need to design tangibles better that includes interfaces!
I already miss the pungent melange of fryer grease, cheap domestic beer, piss, vomit, Axe Body Spray & desperation from O'Sheas.
The most disappointing moment of the night: in a group of 11 college kids, nobody knew who Schroeder was.
Fuck pop, rap, and country music! #LongLiveRockNRoll!
i've been good
Just leaving the ER after a long night. Collin is better and it is time to get some breakfast and go back to sleep.
where are ya Ed?
agreed, however if there be a, hockey bar why no soccer? maybe we, propose "The Blue Line & The Pitch" :-)
you can but might be busy at bix office. Also if you go to ticketmaster and enter code Power88 u can get 25% off
Greetings from Albuquerque! Happy Writing!
off to teach freshman seminar.
": hide ya kids, hide go wife" you already know!!!
#MyPastRelationships Forever Alone.
baby sis I miss and u can follow my love of life
My hubby's coworkers threw him a 'Daddy Shower' at work. :) So nice! He didn't know the nursery rhyme game though.
Badass is the first thing that most people think of when they think of me.
Thanks for the plug. :-D Sadly, I actually won't be on the air this Saturday... so it goes!
just having the same conversation! how much must that cost!
you are going to #SF? No way -- thinking about moving there this summer. Don't lost your East Coast edge :)
Girls: "All the good guys are gay" Me: UMM not in San Antonio
My phone is dry af... #Who Up
I wish my computer at work was an actual person. I don't think I've ever cursed our & flicked off anyone as much over the past 2 hours.
Off to work!!
Back in the US... jet-lagged but happy!
thanks for the #ff Audrey. ;) have a splendiferously wonderful Friday.
You're in charge of not letting people get to you. They can't pull the trigger if you don't give them the gun.
Jeff Gordon captures his 71st career pole (191.623) after run at Talladega
Brandon Stockton or Oliver Simmons...
It's a concert where each major ensemble plays a short ditty or two. Donors love it. Students feel quite the opposite. :)
I would be kinda scared to talk on the phone with Vinny because my voice sounds like shit lol
What is a good diva name? Its for my rocket.
PickUpLine: Fuck me, I'm beautiful
About To Make The Mixtape Cover For Martian Muzik
Communication device, correct?
Michael Listi (Huffman HS) threw 6 scoreless innings for Prairie View A&M against Southern Univ. in Baton Rouge this past weekend.
I love you, but I'm not going to sit around and wait for you to decide how you feel about me... Find me, when you make up your mind....
I just put 2 and 2 together that just make 4 but not 4 ever
Working with my 8 yr old on her "dinorama". She's writing her report on the #ankylosaurus while I'm wrapping the shoe box.
He's a total coward.
haha omg no i was totally kidding! i would be a real bitch if i was being serious!
Hey - gov mansion grass needs mowed. Time for you to take a break from campaigning and focus on your LT GOV duties.....
Would turn the second into the first, then array_unique(), then array_slice(). I think. Not tested :)
I know, and I was hoping to buy myself something there today.
mine's done May 16, and I'd love to come but Centre Socialists are pretty much dead, not much interest at Centre
Copying my tweets <<<<
The Miami Heat are really good ... at pissing me off -.-"
jesus. I live them too but the set lists aren't THAT much different. AC was enough for me last year
5-0 #Royals in the 2nd but if any team can crap more runs than a lactose intolerant man at the Belfonte ice cream factory, it's the
We've got sun, earth, and atmosphere, and when you've got that, you've got weather!
lol ok thank you! :)
lol i know but ughh hahahhaaa :) but no he is awesome
I'm always flattered when asked if The Handy Craftsman is a franchise. I take this question as a compliment.
I'm putin u on mute 4 the rest of the day 4 that lol
Join our house music night @ Colony.
gotta call you !
Heading to Woodburn to join the coverage of the 4-alarm fire at the high school. at 4,5,&6.
So glad I'm spokes kid 4 this event. I'm ready to run and climb and have a great time. Are you signed up yet? Let's go people get signed up
At NY Bureau: the public radio suite usually overlooks an airshaft- The NYB commands fabulous views over Bryant Park down to Empire st Blg
: I'm not offended. Its my greatest frustration not being able to get cost benefit analysis of most t ...
Fortune cookie say "Only listen to fortune cookie, disregard all other fotune telling units."
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Deputy U.S. Marshal Derek Hotsinpiller as they lay a hero to rest.
It's like Lynn Drury sings. All is forgiven on
But I have now also been a host-mom for one year and I hope I did a good job ;-) I can tell ya, it's sometimes harder than...
I woke up from a dream tat u were on the news.. Oh wait you were on the news! ur gettn so big now, don't forget ur 1st fans <3
don't let nobody ruin it
Just proves my theory, Mock Drafts are a HUGE waste of time and energy Believe it! Avoid them at all cost. Don't write them, don't read them
you mean who isn't reading it!
Many ppl will fb friend u/twitter follow u bc they THINK u r or will be great/imp-genuine ppl do so bc they KNOW u r great/imp
blink blink. wow.
why dont I ever get a tweet from you? just a simple hey will make my dream come true. I love you!<3
Happy that you are following me? Yes. Thanks.
Is our time slot good or did they bury us?
a different finger each time or the same finger?
Shout out to
Boy am i glad someone else thinks that lol": I mean that one day soon flesh eating zombies will happen upon earth bent on
you guys going to make it to your Skillshare class tonight? Just seeing if the rain is going to keep you away.
hang on hang on. What? What are these books?
I’m focused, thinkin’ like I got 2 brains.
Busy news day hope everyone has a great Mother's day weekend. Enjoy the sun
Sad I will be missing the mentoring Summer Networking event, but happy I will be in Chicago for 2011.
Porn messes up ya reality of sex too b honest....
I can not see you doing heroin!
That's badass! Congratulations man!
It's going to be so weird when I go to work and don't have to use the time as my personal study hall.
I feel good
#Suckerpunch just gave the term "dance battle" a whole new meaning.
Thanks Colleen!
I got throttled by AT&T and switched to Sprint.
Heading through the terminal at the airport, its almost like a second home now.
Just ate at the new Take Five Greek restaurant, yum! The side salad was very fresh and flavorful and the sampler plate was great.
Want to start Saturday night early? Beaucoup Bar and Grill has great specials until 8 including $3 margs and $2 mimosas!
How are we preparing students for beyond graduation? For change?
Yo give a shot out to tonight in Nashville & we'll luv u forever!!!
Incredibly impressive Biz pitches 's BYOBB lots of smart entrepreneurs in Philly!
For example -- there's a "push button" program that creates squeeze pages. Great. But if you don't have any traffic, you're screwed!...
wuddupp nice to talk to u gain can u follow jadenbaby11 she only got 2 ppl n dats me n somebody plz
Thanks Milan!
Follow my boi Welcome him to the twitta world twitches
People like you are the reason why we have middle fingers
Have you watched Doll House?
Suggestion –Seventh, ask them how they are doing and put your hand to your ear so that they will respond verbally.
Headed to Pigeon Forge for a day at #dollywood!My daughters 1st time! So excited to ride the train! :) I cant wait!
Pandora knows me better then I know myself!
Morning, u've done it again.
I won't be leavin' till I've finished stealing every piece of your heart ^.^
That was a moon shot by Jeter!!!
that's far less fun.
nordstrom.com good example of integrating YouTube, reviews, shopping, community.
Come check out the Hottest thing in the country THE EROTIC .com 50k and a modeling contract at stake
Rodney, it's not your fault. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. (In my best serious Robin Williams impression)
love you Momma EG
Yo, did u do that song "Harmonia"?
As a #Ravens fan, I really hope the San Diego game is flexed out of primetime. I want the next 4 games to be as business-like as possible.
May the 4th be with you! :)
Hm Is statcount a particular ap? We just use bloggers' statistics.
lfaooooooooooo omg that was funny Cus they wouldn't pop -.-
Interested in sharing your Christel House story with us? We'd love to put it on our blog.
you are the most beautiful thing to grace this earth PLZ MARRY ME
happy hump day to you too!! :)
You make me lose my appetite
I don't know if I'll ever use it anywhere, but it's a great spiritual experience to be able to do that." (Rick Warren) // LOL
and the other one.
I know right! I'm growing my back!
Mitchell Airfares Remain Low, But Gain Altitude
They say the first love is the sweetest but the first cut is the deepest.
Oh , there's a whole audience of people who get your Dagobah jokes:
when I #duckhunt the only thing that dies is an annoying laughing dog.
trust no MAN..only GOD
Always take it with a grain of salt, but our NBA projections have been running well this week...14-6 ATS the last two days.
Blessings J new Chunes are in your email Respect Lion!
Did you know a certain restaurant in #Denver has been offering specials for mentioning their tweets lately?
Come to #Chicago have an outstanding meal.. see a show!!
For the record, I'm a JB fan. But for him to go out of his way to call TR "ordinary" is just him being an asshole.
What do you mean you can't ask Siri? HA!
what up
Happy Sunday! Remember we have watch technicians and jewelers on duty 7 days a week! #Paradise Valley Mall
follow me plz
Security is the refusal of life.
at the Mayoral debate at UM
“: who dey?! Could there b any less energy in st louis? Lol” it's miserable there!
Specials sessions are a scam. How many years in a row has that been going on?
Blue Pepper Jazz - 1pt Infused Pepper Vodka ; 1 pt blueberry Jelly Belly Soda Pop - Shake, Garnish w/lemon
hahaha he still deems you acceptable, so I guess I do too.
early bedtime #becauseican #sleep :D
Just 3 more hours. I've been waiting on this game ALL WEEK so why is my stomach in knots?
follow me lol
Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'.
Also, I should prolly change my username/pic now, right? Been meaning to do that.. Hahah
no power issues here (Gallows & Leesburg Pike). Hope it stays on for you!
My nigga, I'm faded.
thank U 4 showing me love my Brother! Right back @ U FAM.
bop when is your next magazine?
Rep. Weiner resigning...can we please stop talking about it now?
Ordering some sweet twin six stuff tommorrow.
The Whole Nine Yards = everything, all of it
DEFENSE IS ON POINT..
Thank you Yvette! Don't forget to like on Facebook! :)
Don't think I can make it to Gwar tomorrow, so I may have to make a showing at the HOG meet & greet at 3
Great article.
that the world's best can't even make the 18th green if they're just a tad off with a NON-driver is a testament to the stupidity
It's pretty sad the direction Crossfit went with Reebok. They could have done a lot more to help people but seems to be all about $$ now.
I love you more than I can say
#Packers remind fans attending Sunday's 3:15 game to arrive early to allow time for security screening, especially given the colder weather
Passover and Easter. Sounds like a great time to reconnect with loved ones, reflect upon degrees of freedom, and gaze at cherry blossoms. :D
Disappointed that the Bright Eyes show in Louisville is on a Tuesday.
People, never eat your lunch at 10 a.m. It's just bad voodoo. *exits for scrounging mission*
Right now leaving on Monday; but, considering a change so I can get a dinner in @ Mesa Grill...
a shutout! (so far!) i can live w that.
Happy Anniversary Meri & Kody!!": Happy Anniversary and Have a great day & another wonderful year."
More excited than I should be that my test suite is starting to take more than a few seconds to complete.
"Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad"
misses the days of playing red rover and catching lightning bugs.
These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow. - Henrik Ibsen
soon_ need any help?
Frank Caliendo in studio.
MT : (1) German Embassy honors #NationalDaysofRememberance at #HolocaustMemorialMuseum by reading out names of victims today.
so do I.
what's up?
and wanna walk today?
looked great rob!
Did forget to pay their website hosting bill?
I'm hungry,tired, and mad...what a fucked up mixture.
hello i will be away for a while so my cousin mirette will stay on with you she is 12 years shes funny and nice and beautifull
only you...
yeah on one hand i'm like it makes sense controls-wise but then on the other i'm like >:( story-wise
You don't deserve any of the hate that you have gotten it's beyond crazy! Btw your son is adorable!
What are your suggestions? re the Men of calendar?
in what way
ah...chemically laced tobacco....yummy....lol
Key word here is "I"
Sync your Twitter and your Kuento profile and any tweet tagged #kuento will show up in your profile! Oh Ah (applause)!
Get 'em! I can't stand Sprint!
As a heat fan I hate the lakers but I have to respect Kobe and his skillz
make sure to hit the 25th anniversary of #RoboCop at on Saturday!
can't get enough of the bacon scallion cream cheese from Brueggers. Bring it all to me!
Leinart to Oakland? so Palmer, Pryor & Leinart are Raiders? Interesting.
Thanks to everyone who made our USFA fund raiser a big success!
What are the panelists thoughts on the recent explosive growth of Pinterest and potential for brands on that platform?
If it's for a comedian, you won't need luck. But good luck any way
There's a difference between Thick an Fat. Your not Thick if your Thick in the thighs an your stomach looks like fruit roll ups your FAT!
Bad choice to sleep on the futon last night..
Must have been the theater I was at...almost no surround #sound efx on #Avengers? That can't be.
i got a new curler :D hahahah
I want a standing desk.
Thanks for the RT! I hope the Lewis clan is doing well. :)
Singing! I knew Barnbaum would deliver.
I haven't had a bestfriend date n a while I think we could use one soon
Looking for a good workshop that's not to expensive.
yhu r cutie
i aint watching mayfeather till he fight pacman#who cares if he cheats beat him down.....mtm said it tired of cowards
Sometimes you need a little in your life to get back into the groove of things. Who's your favorite female Country singer?
ok done deal
Balmy, breezy, gorgeous day in Abq. Definitely going to rain later. Perfect day for reading!
thanks for the follow and look forward to working with u!
Like miss plain and boring? : At first I thought that was a putdown.
it should be Robertson
What have you been up to girly?
nice! Your bro has great taste in music :)
At the end of the day, i have no one to count on but myself
great for consumption. Production takes a little more thought
A blunt
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterif you start drama ,stalker,crook,hacker,prostitute,ghetto,ratchet, or if you like to mess with people=bully
If you're a drag queen come in tonight from 7-8pm for free drinks. We're planning a huge drag show and want your help!
RT : Looks like the hashtag for Frankfurt Book Fair is #fbf11. Good for those of us not able to attend in person.
Omg girls these days are over there heads!! #calmyoshitdown smh
Ready for Monday? Holy...the weekend went fast!
Ima just laugh "hahaha" and carry on 🚶...nothing but BS
I love being on the phone for hours
sure do
#magnolia in #midtown is packed with tourists, but it smells so nice and is so colorful #Can'tResist
I wonder do my ex ever think about me even though I shouldn't think about it
Got my promotion dress ;*
I was about to tweet about #NYS politics. But if it isn't about #MarioWilliams no one will care, so why bother?
Nice to know it was their servers. Not my excessive additions of titles and descriptions.
Can't decide what's more painful.. My lung collapsing or the bandage that's suck to my arm pit hair
Productivity is key. Stay focused. When I can't be in the lab, I write.
Pujols homers....now the MLB season can begin.
Curious to know how #OccupySD is affecting the
I was using that at one point...worked pretty well if you ask me :) maybe I should use it now?
Join us at Culinaria tonight, 5-7pm, for Sips in the City! Unwind from work and enjoy complimentary beer, wine and apps. bit.ly/vUmjKz
newspapers are irrelevant anyway.
What are you wearing to it? Have fun!
I'm Alive is a stressful show to watch! I feel like I am covered in Bees now. I can't handle this show.... Lol
I'm not fat. I'm just so sexy that it overflows.
Really looking forward to the... really looking forward to tonight's 1rst table read of Bad Seeds...
You're back!
My body aches,I need rest and no gym tonight! I already got 6 workouts in this week and the week still isn't over ;)
The crowd breaks into a cheer in response to a tow truck that passes over I-10, its horns blaring.
You know you need cooking lessons when you have to call your boss to ask him how to make rice.
quit thinking its gotten u nowhere so far...
hope the time signals helped! Great listening to your talks
Great day started with Ari killing it as my guest speaker and then dinner at Industri and Cast of Killers open mic at
Wow Joey Votto. Decent game today.
Sounds like life is hard.
save me some lol.
If the Cherry trees are blossoming then the Salmon are running in the Willamette...get your fish on! Lots of boats out there...
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." ~Harriet Beecher Stowe
I miss saying "Luke." He looks better in black & orange than grey & blue.
lol which one you talkin bout cuz there a few people lmao
let's switch places? haha!
To live your dream, you must first wake up -author unknown
could not be less prepared to go to India tomorrow (by way of Dubai). Still have cetaceans, not Indian business issues, on the brain...
kudos to #Spurrier. Pay the players!
truth is we're never going to play another show! haha
Santorum said he "doesn't believe in an Internet where anything goes". Better Google his name to find out why...
the last Browns jersey I bought? Green... I know Trent will be better
Thanks for the RTs
It's so early but i'm so not going back to sleep, what to do with my day
First goal for Convey!
can't wait to hook up the new led's under my dash tomorrow, they are bright as fuck lol
I'm over on Ogden just south of Grand. Kind of territory - little off the beaten path.
Talk like that can get you run out of California I hear.
Oh, you like latinas then! Cool!
All of the lights
I think in 99.9% of the world that's a marker of poverty and a sad lack of access to birth control.
Time for a new strategy. The devil is a lie and I refuse to give up. I can do ALL THINGS thru Christ which strengthens me.
i stay real conntected with my family. We text all the time.
Ha! The photography team is having fun breaking eggs, slicing up (and eating) cake...just to get free stock photos for you
At North Star Mall, then 2 Sam Ash 2 pick up $600 keyboard for daughter
Ppl mad cuz I post wat I feel, and wat u gonna do
idk what else to wear! i might wear my bathing suit top over my shirt too
who is Gene Collier?
The way to growth and happiness is to stimulate the mind!
Alright here we go, first #MiggzMemory: When "Take Care" dropped and "Rich off a Miggztape" was coined. Perfect because Miggzy <3's Drizzy.
Do you know if the game will be replayed later today or tonight?
Loaf Rein O'er Me
Praying for all who have not been sleeping well. There seems to many of us.
Donut bee sofa king foolish hit!
That may be…but it may not be in another state. State should determine for themselves
The ceremony was nice today!
Learning lots about vPC after an unexpected 5k outage this weekend. Duplicating it in the DC now. Luckily this virtual farm is not prod yet
I didn't feel so good today, but I feel so much better now.
How TF does harden have 3 fouls ?
Okay so we can have goats on the quad but not puppies because they're a "liability"?
How does Phil Levine get emotion in his poems? "Believe in the validity of your imagination and exeperience."
Thank you for the Pinterest invitation! To share the kindness, if anyone else wants an invite, just let me know!
can you follow me please
#TentCity was epic tonight!
whole9 coming to boston? is that rumor true?
Why does Ali McGinley have posers? Is she famous? SERIOUSLY WHO IS SHE?
i also like the word "accomplice" - "one associated with another especially in wrongdoing" ..sounds about right to me.
Cause Quetta didnt want to go.
Make each day your masterpiece. - John Wooden
RT : Besides benefitting from fresh produce, #gardening is great for your health by reducing stress & anxiety!
Ok this really upsets me.
We are getting ready to launch a Kickstarter project to fund our new set featuring a couple of geeky metal bands. :)
We're looking 4 Web Designers who are willing to do some free work for a great cause Please contact Courtney 202-534-8151
wow... I thought you were going? Its obv you're avoiding me now. and I NEVER once mentioned your name in that.. soo
Sellers need to annunciate why someone should buy your business
Today is a boyzIImen sort of day.
are you gonna tell everybody it's a work?
This nigga always on my damn hoodie!
what are you trying to say? (also props to you for knowing your info)
Issa please come talk Of the ordinary mind In 17 vowels.
Yo what makes u think he worship da devil
Busy prepping for the 3rd BEYOND BORDERS: DIVERSITY IN CANNES Multicultural Filmmaker Symposium at the Cannes Film Festival! What you doin?
I'm a spa addict and the best one I have found so far has been in Minnesota. Whodathunk it? Going again later this week.
o o another one. When louis was pretending to be mario. So freaking cute
like he was actually fighting with you back?! And you made him lose?!
try and get everyone to follow me and please try and get austin mahone to follow me
We're about to open the exhibit hall at #urjbiennial. Stop by JPS booth 111 as you make your way through!
CJ Wilson, you're our Pete Campbell.
Wait is coming to NYC too?
Truth. RT : "If you aren't a graphic designer, don't do your own graphics." -
Okay. NOW I'm going to bed. 'Nightt (:
Keep MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE a TT ! keep tweeting it. <3
How much should ebooks cost? About to find out @
little sister.
My father used to say that quote like a broken record while I was growing up. Love him for it now.
i followed u
> Chuck Norris
,i cannt say a bad thing abought her
Why do they no get it. Are they fucking idiots in DC?
i think im losin it cause i stay so confused i dont know what to do i think i lost my mind.............
#ideachats oh, you gotta try collusion. Its... mesmerizing!
Beautiful half-volley from #Drogba, but to no avail.
Drinking my cereal bc im to lazy to go get a spoon. I win(: haha
So excited to experience my very dear friend & one of the most special chefs I know, 's, new concept tonight. Love you boo.
#entrepreneur we want to know, where do you get the strengths to keep going?
Blue Ivy huh? ... Blue Steel!
Thanks for suggesting lunch! It was great catching-up!
I love being happy!! (:
Productive weekend fam Finished about 3 tracks...
It's been an hour and 45 minutes! This was supposed to take 5 minutes! AH *shoots everyone in here*
At least my Lutherans got it right.
me too!
Gotta lot on my mind finna Go to sleep NBS
Fair enough. Maybe my Luddite mother is getting to me -__-
wow!!! good stuff I subbed :D
Elizabeth McLaughlin. But she did a horrible job, in my opinion.
Waiting for lakers game to start this orlando vs Boston game intense I love the NBA
I wanted to get the pink and blue one.it reminds me of the Miami colors
2nite, will hold a public hearing at 6pm to hear from the new 2012 charter applicants. Mtg at Rosario PCS 1100 Harvard Street, NW
Doing presentations after a fun "Lunch break"
We been out in the cherry red 75 cadillac wit the 5th wheel recordin this video all day..rosazy, loud, if u see us ask hit the blunt/bottle
#vaumc11 Don't go anywhere folks! We still got a vote to do!
True story. Happened in the car today. RT : Note to self. Don't ask if he can say bullsh*t... He might just surprise you!
Don't describe what you do, how do you add value?
I love an opportunity to humorously misinterpret someone based on a typo. Horus is much funnier than hours.
would love to know what it is...
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom. - Henry Ward Beecher
I want to buy Guild Wars 2 already.
I know what you mean, an unexpected bright side of my job is learning more about a business I knew little about.
Braun does not have a deal with State Farm
Watching the boyz today so excited!:)
Balance is the key...in all dimensions of life it will make or break you!!
I Love Pandora Internet Radio🎧
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Don't worry about how much you DON'T know, you only need to be one step ahead of your clients!
oh noes!! all facebook widgets have imploded!!! i can't even like this...
received the CD!! Thanks. Have not had a chance to listen uet
Life is short. Enjoy today. Find the balance between working towards a future goal, but enjoying where you are right now.
haha trust me I was slightly upset I only got to the slopes once this season but the city is a much happier place w/o the stuff
will we have exclusivity again? 📱
What! Verlander is about to throw a No No?!!?!? Wow!!
Ugh i dont like school
just move back and be my section buddy 👍😜😁
My butt is expressing boredom and annoyance due being on this damn bus for 3 hours
Me and my stepdaddy cooking it up
I just dropped my phone in a pile of Ketchup, god damn tatertots
Sounds fun! I want to come!
Saw ur predecessor's last press conf & ur first. Tough crowd there & even tougher times we live in. But ur doing a damn good job.
Classes in the morning!
"May the fourth be with you" oh wow lol you're all comedians for coming up with that one
Pool, beach or lake?
Hey #camera types -can I carry on a tripod or do airlines typically make one check them? It's a medium-duty in a soft case. ?
I love my mother<3... Shes the first women ANY man should love! <3
imma come in there and punch you!
ANIME TONIGHT ON BLEACH,FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST,DURARARA!!,KEKKIASHI,FLCL,COWBOY BEBOP,BIG-O,GHOST IN THE SHELL.
all my calls today are to voice mailboxes...maybe there is no one out there. Did 2012 end without me?
He's one of my favorite actors. What a boss.
What The Hell- Dani Shay:)
Guys, Dally hates me.
Interested in checking out the #OGStudio? Open Hours today from noon to 4, Monday 830-1130am and Wednesday 7-11pm. Stop by!
super congratulations!!!
Stop by the Marketplace of Ideas today if you can. I'm presenting a poster about PSC Science Cafés & would love to chat!
I replied via DM :)
Had Qdoba's for dinner. So much better then Moe's.
My name's Korinna and I like to sit at the library and criticize my boyfriend for not doing work.
At American clergy leadership conference pastors prayer breakfast to
for real? i thought you didnt like hardcore music. the lyrics are whats the best
My dad just pisses me off.
Margaret Atwood: the future doesn't exist, I hate to break it to you - no one has ever been there and come back
Perhaps with the new funding will send out some more invites. I even requested with my corporate email, which I almost never do
I am suddenly jealous.
At my buddy's softball game! Its
I thoroughly enjoyed this.
funny you should mention, video was next on our list. We will be sure to get in touch once we start putting it together!
i already did
Hey , look at she's knocked out haha
Wtf the first part of that tweet that I messed up didn't even go through!! But if you need help with photoshop i got you!!
One of our artists, is patiently waiting while The Scientist mixes and dubs their newest album! Give thanks and praise!
Well me and Kyle, we looked at each other, and we each said... "Okay."
Is it winter? Or is it still fall.
San Fran, Frankfort, Berlin-, Dublin to Rhodes, Greece in less than 20 days! to LA land to lay tracks with Chris Warrior- w/new "Honeycomb"
just went in to get lunch
Morning tea nothing beats it. [•-•]
So pretty!
March 9 @ The Avenue Lounge w/ The Turkeys. Come shake yo' sass!
You're welcome sweetie
Jus finshed shooting for "bring it down" man I miss JeffersonPK!
House-Senate conference committee on stadium determined starting meeting after midnight wouldn't work, so it's on for Wed 9-ish a.m.
Who did about as well as Phillip Rivers....
Just went on a following spree :) Still need two more followers to reach 1,000!
Aww ... One of the cats who lives on my porch used to like to climb trees when she was a kitten.
RT via Ice Cream lovers: Haagen Das is giving out a free scoop of its "Bee Built" ice cream to promote bee conservation today only
OK, what do I need to do, whose feet do I have to lick, what country do I have to be from, in order to work with you?
no, but I now want a pair :)
I can't wait, season 1 was great start to a very anticipated series
That could go in the non sports related stuff haha. How's school going?
So excited for Christmas weekend!!
Your windsong stays on my miiiiinnnnddd....
Thought of the Day 2: Heart monitoring tests should be provided to collegiate and professional athletes for free promoting safe preventions.
I am starting to develop a complex!
i miss the lips that made me fly.
Thanks to all our NEW followers ! We appreciate your support of our business venture! Check us out at www.fanmailshop.com
Hi there! I'd be happy to chat with you sometime, maybe a phone or video chat date? Let me know what times work best for you.
The Notebook. I'm going to tie you to a chair and make you watch it
RT : A Porsche is just the male equivalent of a boob job.
well, that I do understand. My 'toy' was broken so bad in 2k9 that my husband could kill me by playing with it IgnoranceIsImmoral
that sounds amazing! will totally have that tonight :) see you then!
Is attending SCBWI MIAMI in Jan 2012!
Ran my media partner meetings like a boss lady, #WINNING. Now time to watch them do WORK!
hooray! Headed to see the tumbleweed tree in downtown Chandler and then a visit to my fave !
Wow. Chris Mann - perfect. Kudos to you!
Did you mean to call me on Skype?
U GOT 2 check out the new #musicvideo for #Addicted from directed by from #SNL. GREAT vid w/ cameo by yours truly :)
Follow to get the latest updates on job openings at Peoplefluent.
Oklahoma I am in you. Checking off state number 48.
partying it up tomorrow with the old crew </3 how i missed them <3
we need some gurl time, a bottle or 2 of wine!
aha thankyou and sure (: hi twitter friendd
Looking to hire new home care workers now
box seats!
Drinking a fresh Prima Pils and enjoying life at the moment. Will come back to the insanity later
Ok twitter it has been awhile..... BUT WHERE ARE MY # TITTYTUESDAY FREAKS LOL.......
Three cheers for day!! cc
just ordered a patty melt
Bout To Take Me A Nap For Tonight .
You should always watch when you are shaking your ketchup onto your hotdog because when you don’t, it hits your husband.
"You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."
yh maybe. I've gotta wake up soon
STEP BOYS WERE. WOAH. MY GORSH I DIED LAUGHING.
Yep, I have it for my guinea pigs. Their vet expenses can get expensive, fast.
anyone here done a time-lapse with a nikon D3000? Could use some pointers :) #willbuybeer cc:
Sounds promising....
back at it
Lol this girl on the stair case wouldn't turn around and say it to my face. 😏
S/O to #305 ALL THE WAY LIVE
50 things to do before you die (Travelers Notebook): #17 Follow in the footsteps of your favorite travel book.
is listening to the new Kylie and FINALLY going thru my 2009 tax receipts. Better late then nevah ;-D
NIGGA I FOLLOWED YOU BACK ON DA STRENGTH..IT AINT DAT SERIOUS!!!
If you don't throw like a pro, you gotta go!
I am planning on writing a Laurie Notaro-esque creative non-fiction memoir/collection of short stories.
This weather is so amazing!!!! ☀🌷🌸
◊ I'm surprised. I just hadn't heard it discussed at all. Guess there must've been something else in the news. ツ
hey doll, how are you?
You must try next time. The Trailer Park done "trashy" may be my favorite of all time.
NATIONAL TV: Tune in to Fox College Sports nationally Wednesday at 7pm ET for an hour of SL - Spring Show & Be A Fan!
We're getting a report from in LA w/ more on Donald Driver on #DWTS coming up in a few minutes
There's a place in your heart nobody's been, take me there ❤
The Color Lilac
great shot!
:D Thanks :D
Did anyone actually think the #Giants WOULDN'T win the #superbowl !? Go #nyc !!
Definitely not tonight! I fear the truly dreaded outcome though: bringing them back to work Monday still ungraded.
I tried dropping a fireball into in a cup of coffee once, couldn't taste it at all.
but it is on #CBS online
I see you on holidays. It's all I can handle my dear. KIDDING.
Watching on #GandB - she is so positive and such an inspiration. A role model for all women.
ya haha a great reason for u to pull my nail off my finger *sarcasm*
okay love :)
please i need 1 more follower i follow back
my sisters are with me on this workout challenge and there off to a great start but anyone can join this.
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
: The game changed very quickly. Thought ND was getting back in it. Looked up and they were down big.
SUCK IT AL-QAIDA! RT : #Preds have won three games in a row seven times this season, most recently in Rd 1 v. Detroit.
Violence is a choice a man makes and he alone is responsible for it.” - Patrick Stewart
Some good headbanging music on Ozzy's Boneyard on channel 38 tonight.
hey someone tell me what to draw okay
Do you BooBoo! *high screaming voice* DO YOU BOOBOO!!!! XD
I have the worst feeling ever.
I believe that I found you using Tweepi to check out , who got me going in Social Media. TY Kate!
Congrats on the nursing job ! Now I can officially tell to stop "Liz-ing" his beer whenever we play caps!
Comedy show next Sun. #Showtime starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix
Any Help Desk / Desktop Support projects sitting in purgatory? I have a team of three hot off a project ready to assist. BR $18/hr!
Thanks for posting these great quotes
Congrats! Our (mine & 's) twins were born 7 wks early. Scary, but amazing. Our best to your brother & SIL.
Game. Set. Match. Four. More. Years.
big in Russian really means big
Lol sucks for you
Allen-Bradley clock tower temperature sign is flashing "GB". Very cool!
FOLLOW ME BACK
relationship start CAN WE TALK. THEY END we need to talk
Who needs sleep...apparently not this girl!!
Id love too
i would prefer a different color shirt
Did you know we smoke our own meats? Yep, we are perfecting the process so we can bring you some great new offerings.
Psyched to have an iPod again
Running late to
YAH JUST FILLED OUT THAT FOR Y'ALL
hey belieber ;) mind following back it would mean SO MUCH!!
Having a conversation online with someone who is impersonating me.. I haven't told them they've been busted yet.
On behalf of all we would like to thank the Jr. League of Baton Rouge for their generous gift & our new booth display!
I'd like to meet the Dalai Lama so I can say, "Ya know it's 4 in the afternoon, you might want 2 change out of ur robe?"
maybe it's just the old guy in me but I love the White Sox throwbacks
Thank You!
a bout to punch my bro in the face
Hahaha you're good at all!
My man Murphy's beer called and yes sir I will have one. Nice dark beer!
#HappyMothersDay Mommy! I love you!<3 There are no words to describe everything you have done.You mean the world to me.
hi Bella this is a reply for the valentines day thing for 8th grade. Ily <333
Just making stay-at-home a no-brainer I guess! RT New Babysitting Bill Is Going to Ruin Life for Working Moms
NO NO I'M SORRY :(
now THAT is an interview I'll be waiting for with bated breath!
Atlantic city tonight!!!!
I would be most grateful to see them, Miss Dana! You are an artist of corporal discipline & I'm honored to have you on my TL
Gameday for my Hoosiers. Basketball season is officially here!
Brett Jackson, who has struggled over the last week, has been on base twice tonight with a single and a walk
Mason sure is slick! I hope his little brother (Agustus Wyatt?) JK...will be as slick
Our foundation offers detection tools for families to discover cocaine and heroin residue. Stepping up the drug war. Home safety
A special ed gurl at school was trynna fight me haha
Every time I slog through Aquinas, I find something relevant to the diss, but I always feel like I've wasted my time.
Single and free.! :-) happy as ever.! staying that way.
The government is now sending out text messages to alert people of severe weather. Not a fan of this. Anyone know how or if we can opt out??
No problem! :)
did you pass along my gratitude to Luke for me?
And Lebron does what he does in the 4th quarter miss free throws.Skip baseless ll ve a field day tommorrow
genius peppermint mocha idea.. Other topic #inquiringminds what projects are focused on presently?
Where will you guys be before the Cubs game tomorrow?
Thank you!!! :) ": “: Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!” Congrats!"
KD just fought back from 14 down now just down 8
I missed you & your drunk tweets
How about or/and ?
I'm sure you were fabulous!! Congratulations!
Happy National Chocolate Cake Day and it's Friday? Party Party Party!
Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.
We've supported the right of LGBT community to marry for years now, and were elated to hear agree yesterday.
well thank you then!!:)
- Hi Vanessa, currently we do covers of pop-punk songs from Green Day and Sum 41 and have some original rock songs.
it's another rap I hope..dance a$$??
has been put on the 15 day DL with the rest of the team for a mild hip flexor strain in yesterday's practice slide.
Working on another web design. I think I should go to sleep soon. Anyone planning on attending the #TasteOfCincinnati this weekend? I am!
I'm in a Model T taxi to the Peabody now. Giddy up!
Big run by the Illini....need Leonard to go off or I have no chance in this $5 Big Ten game...
In other NSFW news, have you listened to ? I am obsessed with "212." I can't stop listening.
even though u broke up with me&i loved you so,i will not be all sad over you,i will stand my ground&show you that i can be happy without u.
Yayyy!!! How are you, today better than yesterday with all the car crashing and whatnot?
wish I could! I also have a gig that night. But thanks for inviting.
5/14 - For the 8:05 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
ah, are you in the ER?
and Moss Lake
Run hard, be strong, think big! – Percy Cerutty
Is Chuck wearing a red, hooded onesie? Seriously #GossipGirl, I think he's grown out of his man-child years. Wtf?
SO i cant do anything fun on the computer
I'm Always Up Around This Time, Wyd Up? RT : isn't it a little to early for you to be up?
Wow. Huge #'s for MA. RT : Thanks! MT : Elizabeth Warren. $5.7M, 23,000 MA donors. And she's smart too.
Hutchinson earned its third consecutive state berth. Fourth if you count the 2009 co-op. The Tigers have never made it past Round 1
RTsvp RT : Survey: What are the best book trailers out there? Please retweet & use hashtag #booktrailers -- for
I think usually "Freelance Photographer" equals unemployed. Hm
paulreesq: Finished at QMagazine for Xmas. On train & dialling up the Phil Spector Christmas Album... festive
My tl full a people goin H.A.M on dem thomians
just bc yu N Chris brown beat us back in the day dnt mea i cant dunk yo ass now
AC broken in the office, it's 82 and climbing ... guess I won't need that sweater today.
shout out and a follow :D
just watched the game recap!! damn
Man wtf. How in the hell did i crack the screen on my laptop!
Break a leg!
Thanks Andrew!
Happy null Easter to you!
Yes! The antecdote to all the magic spells :)
#InstantTurnOn cute guy with a great personality n a nice built body <3
RT : Check out the new & #BILLBOARD on Century Blvd near #LAX!!! Looks great guys. Thanks
Cont...Guess I'll have to start banging more Country.
Tonight's movie on ABC Family's "25 Days of Christmas" is....."Harry Potter"??? Is that because Dumbledore kind of resembles Santa?
They ain't nun but night-moves hoes
And flip-flops! RT : It's going to be 50 out today! Does that mean it's okay to wear shorts?
Get a slice of lime and some bitters. Or just have someone scare you.
the next achievement to unlock is 80:08
I'm glad you're going well. I'm good, just miss watching you play :( What's new with you?
I wish I could be like Kate Upton. She's fucking beautiful.
I like a MAN with a future and a past
Predators still need Hal Gill on these penalty kills
Uhm. It gets really akward when your watching Dane Cook with your mom and he's talking about his penis and masturbating -_-
Just found out our St. Patties show at Waiting Room is gonna have $4 Guiness drafts. Guiness drinkers?
Why, you want to be broke too? RT Acting is me being interested in what it would be like to be you.
follow me back? (:
U boys look so much like yo mama's & :-)
looking forward to signing my girls love their programs for children and teens
#CNI2009spring EthicShare VRE; making use of the GroupLens research team; they do research on what makes collab recommendation systems go
Psh, thanks for putting on a great event for a great cause! :-)
New Warnings for MS Drug Gilenya After FDA Review
well I meant specials for our services for our clients etc
my sister wants one too here name is Riley I hate her -.-
Legit i love that word you can use it for aything like " Are you hyper or like, Legit hyper
Went outside for lunch to enjoy this gorgeous DC day and got empanadas for free at Farragut Square. Winning!
It also rhymes with sunday.
Getting my vote on
so much shame in her eyes as we walked her in public
YOU NEVER TEXTED ME :((
the problem is espn has no problem sitting on child molestation. Thatrs the problem. I hate the the media can't take scrutiny
Laughed out loud at your #HITsm #ONCchat post to
It's CYA for them, so they can say they did due diligence to confirm the patient was who they claimed/they had correct info.
I wish Wiz would come out with mad songs man!
Humble opinion: lawyers more effective sticking to law than designing efficient insurance markets
Hahahah that is so typical of him. Good thing you left - saved urself boredom, confusion, and his weirdness
should be around 5:30-ish. I'm on a 4 hour walk of our properties-- Blah!
Hair of the dog, man
will not connect
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!33
1st contestant is Andre McCoy of Wheatley SPI who developed a small hand-sized wipe that detects explosive material
Hooray! Hooray!
keep both... 1= choir & other = interested enough 2 follow....extra work, yes :-)... Unless app combines tweets and +s...
old for sure.
yup. But that pic was two years ago
Again?! You're like one of those people who win all the radio contests! ;-) MRT CONGRATS Winners of small McCafe
It's on Dah News
I be on my twitter shit, she be on tumblin
Dam this video goes ham to. Dam you two chainz
Listening now! Congrats on adding Peter F! to your team.
This is sure to generate a list of realistic candidates. "Saban" "Meyer" RT: if Spaz was to be fired who would u want BC to hire?
MYAH! Come whenever you want. Britt and Shannon are coming after school.
RT If you are tuned into #GDJB!
Seems the top 1% of mobile users, says wireless consultant Arieso, consume about half the world’s bandwidth and “the gap is growing.”
And iPads are everywhere!
I know God has a plan for m... :) all smiles cant wait to tell yall <3
on environmental scanning: look through multiple sources to sense emerging trends
Not even an attempt to block or commit a foul or anything
a solid shout out to on with
Sure, will do!
These men at this lounge
RT : RT : The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend ~ Henry David Thoreau
what a great feeling, coach! Good for you!!
Another car - one stopped, one BEHIIND pulled around to pass. I'm sure you'll get all the facts.
yes! Look for details soon for May's Mob in the next week
800 Degrees line is absurd :(
Michael Madsen is charging $25 for an autograph tonight. There were mini-posters for FREE WILLY, but they were put back in the box.
depends on your point of view... Lol
"There it is your moment of zen" Stewart “: do u 2 work in city hall or @ a Zen Buddhist retreat?”
get out of my face. i dont want to see you, talk to you, hear your voice, nothing. im done with you. youve crossed the line. bye.
Dam its nice as fuck in Chicago today waaaaaaat lol
Come fly with on twitter!!!
Looking forward to the session on grant writing for NIH TODAY at noon. See you there!
Thanks so much, hope you come out Feb 11 with let us know if you need tickets before it sells out!
Great seeing all my fellow Gents at the Virginian
Lastest IM Reviews Posts HP TouchPad Tablet Computer
Obviously Im a little behind on my DVR list but lmao.."Hugh Hefner's had more believable relationships than that Armenian pig."
#Chicago givin it to #Miami that's how it's done!! #Bulls vs
Just saw your blog...really happy for you! I am trying to pick up the pieces after a BFN yesterday.
Freebies are awesome! Email headin' your way! Thanks!
Happy Earth Day to you, too! Make it a good one.
no I don't. I would just unfollow you back. Duh
Monday is DadVlog day!
sinus surgery at 6 am. I need to smoke all my cigarettes in the next hour.
We need or to call audibles on hashtags. Death to spambots
#dearmama ur the best mom ever I love u so much<3
is there a copy of the guidelines somewhere?
not even. -__-
in a bizarre twist, i appear to be the only one eating the chocolates in the little bowl on my desk.
I download things from the Internet and it saves it in my download folder. Its hard to read your stuff on kindle using fanfic
If you were teaching a complete noob/technophobe about iPhone, what would your top three points be? RTs welcome
FedEx pickup came 10 min early! NO! Guess its going out late.
IAM WORKING IN THE STUDIO
I feel you. I had a relationship with Jack and now in ME3 I'm torn. Liara. Jack. Liara. Jack.
I do miss Dion's Thursdays...
Taboo this summer???
New NYPL branch in Battery Park City - first green LEED certified branch in Manhattan. I will finally visit the Irish Hunger memorial, then!
imma start keeping it 100 with females & niggas too so dont get mad when i tell the truth
thanks for the follow :) hope you are well!
#2012c19 thanks everyone for tweeting our panel... Now at kinship panel despite directions from front desk. Nancy Bentley rocks Clotel.
;; Eatinn dinnerr (: && Dude . I found like an old message of us talking in feb. Crazy right !?
gender&sexuality #gds challenges the stereotype r inherently biologically diverse, applies 2all, essential aspects of identity 4all
aww no we do, we do! Just some students want to know where the quiet places in the library are so they can study quietly
God, we were all dearly concerned for you!
can u please follow me back ? :)
lol.. I got you
its shitty out!!
ALL TEENS! TONIGHT! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE 8015 BANDERA RD. DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX! EVERYONE FREE TIL 8PM
If I wanted to hit it in 18 positions and eat u out in 9.. what would u say?
We are burning calories with PULSE right now!!
Impromptu office yoga to the rescue!
Let go and let God have his way.....
My pleasure, it was fun!!
We R 1 happy family! Follow our projects:
I see we share the same philosophy
Woke up crying again
i have been asking you to play the god damn song for MONTHS
i really need right now
Very excited to hear Dr Violet Harada and speak on ways to "Engage & Empower Students with Technology"
what store did u get yours from in the A?
sure, followed :)
BECAUSE YOUR SONG IS AWESOME I LOVE IT<33333333333
Can you imagine if Romney were Pinocchio? That damn nose would be in San Francisco before the rest of him got out of Boston.
i know the feeling...
#messagetoMJ Happy Bday MJ.... Our lives are enriched because of your music!
No need for debate. Wondering if Backpage profits from minors sold for sex? Spend ten minutes looking @ their "adult ads." Tragic.
I like it!!
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant in Bedford, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Come in and Visit!
Ok..back to packing people...be good to each other...
Just had a science teacher ask me if I'd be interested in collaborating on an Astrophotography project! Heck Yeah! Love it!
the things I would do to go to Europe.
Our thoughts and prayers to Salon Meritage and the community.
fat ass
Yeah next thing you know they're gonna have all your tweets printed out, damn spies -_-
you have 20 million beliebers as of today. In case you were wondering or something.
"This is a time for caution, but not for fear." Chinese Proverb that resonated with me tonight. Believe recession is over....
Back at you!
I dont like today! But Ill have to make it out of it alive.
Found you! Thank you so much for a fun night out in Chicago!
its fine.
Workin alone today...ugh
Rite i didnt even get out in town yet RT : that shit look crazy yo
Listening to Brewers radio broadcast on way home. Uecker with hot mic during break. "What the hell we doin, man?' Lol
Very proud of myself: cleaned the whole apartment today and threw out two large bags of stuff.
Thunder dump at anything fitness
Don't give it up. Many mistakes will make something beautiful in the end.
Yeeah no. STUPID!
After neglecting my account for months, I finally figured out how Pinterest works. My productivity is in trouble, now.
let's do drinks this week! I'm good any day but Wed
I hope every one has a good spring break(:
Pickup Line: Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
hello!! thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
seeking volunteers to help at the door for #BASHH on Thursday - great way to meet people! let us know if you're interested!! (pls RT)
Its Currently 54 degrees, hopefully climbing to 64 in Detroit today. STS-GRIOT would like to welcome spring with open arms!
been a month. voting has already started and it'll take at least another month or two for him to get decent numbers
RT : Appreciate your help with annual meeting yesterday! You provided some great products!
wtf happened bro.
Trying out the new Google Chrome beta today
every Saturday now through March 17, except Christmas and New Year's Eves. 9 to noon. City Center, Rangeline - City Center Dr.
This has to be a first. MT "Our makes history today @ 4pm: Will live tweet panda artificial insemination #pandaAI"
just looked up who that is. watching 'the power of vulnerability' via TED now.
Booh, can't get it to load
hahaha i am now ;)
A person will only take u forgranted if u allow it
let's get the other 3 in on this too.
Thank you for all of your support and for what you do for Portland as well!
The academic achievement gap has grown by 40% in the last decade, says
Why Not D: We Were Suppose To Party With Her Cat !>.< Ohh And Yus c:
of! well hows the fight goin?
Thank You Dear:)
still an mvp!!
Huge 4th , the big 4 stepped up. This is a hard working , very special team.
who told you that...that's been circulating for a while
yes sir things are well, hoping the same for you. Wish I could have gotten home but not yet, soon fingers crossed. :-)
Farming &amp; Agriculture: Meat Quality Grades
no problem :) .. And. Just to rub it in HER face you are B.E.A.U.T.F.U.L :). I'm smart like that lol just kidding :))
Lmao rachael is hilarious.
Okay great !!
I expect to see you at the glass, sir.
what was up with the Mizzou branded shake weight on the draft set this morning?
Thanks for the retweet!
text me back :(
We're at #RealDevLearn too. But I forgot what number our booth is.
I do video editing.
My class is linking their blogs to their twitter accounts
oh thank you xD *bows*
As a #hairstylist, the best part of the job is making people feel good. Just go above & beyond to make them happy!
My Libra scales are weighing in/ And I jus got the verdict...
Hope you're feeling fabulous. I can't wait to get my hands on "HOME" by Toni Morrison.
I love to Tweet. I love peanut butter too. Just thought I would say because ... You know.
Vernors is home to me. Drink it cold or hot. With whiskey, a Monkeyspanker. Or a Red Wing, w/cinnamon shnapps. Xmas in a glass.
Dear Kony, Cuts are red, bruises are blue, we caught and killed Osama and we are gonna get you! Sincerely, all the haters of you
is it possible to switch which Monday workshop we are attending?
75% of employees who use a computer will suffer an eye or vision problem. remember to rest your eyes at work!
Who got hustled by Capital One for a credit card the moment they landed on campus? Why are they so interested in college students?
anyone know how to stop spams from being send through my account??? :/
Its ' last night in Chicago, making it count! Thanks for everything
Nice piece of driving, that! Surprised they didn't park in handicapped space!!
O's (P) Guthrie delt to Colarado Rockies
love it bro!! You going to dump your protein down throat!!!
S/O to my bros thoo #squadup👌
This RT : Them illuminati pills stop working. Or photoshop stopped.
yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough please look:D :D :D :D :D
#bitchin Northern Honey Brown Lager is now available at Target Field! (via Northern Beer)
#BillyCrystal and #TomHanks are class acts. They started the #Oscars out right. #Hugo is 2 for 2. It has a nice lead on
DON'T TEMPT US!
Obviously . Glad you get your Ke'Arra high for the day .
That is just silly. Clearly it will be K-Rod for Belt.
best veggies to throw on the grill for dinner tonight...with chix
Calling all Students - We have many ad hoc temporary assignments throughout the summer, Interested? Call 01636 701702
#StopOahiRail Vote for to de-rail this disaster and save Oahu worldwide embarrassed on this joke of a rail project.
Man shot dead for eating a popcorn to loudly during 'Black Swan' movie. www.tncnews.com
beautiful Charlotte, NC....how you been??? You are in MI?
please follow me ariana: )
oh, how I would LOVE to come down, but hubbie threatens divorce if I go & hasn't married me yet.
will have any videos?
Feeling so inspired by these people
I love how many people who have never been to New Jersey absolutely hate New Jersey.
I'm a Leo......but I'm quiet in public.....but behind closed doors.....u gone need some earplugs 😜
A copy of Joy the Baker is on hold for me at the FPL! YAY!
I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Angry people generate more ideas? I'm going to be a revertible font of inspiration today!
sounds pretty chill! and ah not really, just confusing haha. you should totes download our cd! its free
Yeah I'm on it but haven't decided if it's worth spending time to learn it, maybe today's chat will change my mind!
Attention: do NOT POST OR RT A TWEET WITH THE "N" in ANY FORM! You will be blocked. This is a PMA zone! We're VERY serious about this!!
Can't think of anyone who is on TV today who has the class and business savvy of Dick Clark.A true visionary.
yah, I posted a new track in the STYLSS Community group on FB you can use if you'd like.
Thank God you have E.T. fingers. I was convinced you were perfect. Lolol Ok maybe you're still pretty close.
Standoff in Edina over. Mpls Police decide to leave the man alone in his home. "He hasn't broken laws," says police. "We'll leave him alone"
Enought with the #Badgers... #Brewers on WGN
#WeWereCoolUntil u felt the need to stab me n the back and tawk shyt
Damn I'm hungry! My stomach is just growling in this waiting room
I wanna just in to Vancouver.
you, my friend, are a genius. How are you not a millionaire yet?
Nature Feels -
please update me on what's going down w wufc. Been away from twitter all day. Pvt msg if u want.
Awww, that sucks. They need to give you guys a break. I mean, it's been too long.
UGA women's gymnastics vs Auburn tonight at Stegeman Coliseum, an awesome Bypass venue! Did you know UGA gymnasticas has won 10 NCAA titles?
Where in New Berlin can I get a good panini
#ThingsIDislike cheats who think ye wont find out, lol
hahahahaha its a hobby for me the only time I won't spend that much is.when I have a girl
Congratulations on the #ONA2011 award. Well deserved win!
GO STEELERS!!!!
no worries.
i have a string but rarely wear them. they belonged to my great grandmother.
lol do some! I wanna see.
pretty fun that we are now on the same train!
Spotted Cow on tap. Wisconsin has my heart.
RT : Q1) learning through multiple collaborative channels whether collaboration is implicit or explicit
Great tips. Had a dog show up last fall & kept him. Was so excited the 1st time he went running with me! Now I have a new partner.
I hate you a little.
More tickets coming up at 7:32 tonight! Listen to to win!
JUST GOT MY 1D2013 TICKETS IN THE MAIL NO FREAKING WAY MY LIFE IS AMAZING
Um, I live two feet from you. I thought part of this deal was that I become your garbage disposal?!
Big dance! #rockchalk !
where u wrk
Support the homie for the concert tomorrow..
so again.. a vacation from school went by faster than i wanted it to..
Glad you liked that one. Be alert!
Ooh. Going on the list.
This day is done - make that week! Off to -in need of new things for the new apt!
it's cool I don't want a girl with short hair anyway lol. Don't dye it hair
There is no loyalty in this business. I give you everything you ask for. Then, when I ask for something you act like your doing me a favor.
"get in the car, shut up, and hold on to the seatbelt for your life. I'm driving." wise words from my best friend..
Actions speak louder than words ..!
Notre Dame vs Pitt today.....who ya got?
i want a smoothie!
Getting ready to watch the live taping of Dancing with the Stars. Make sure to vote for and tonight!
love the mashup its awesome version of the song when i watched it i was like WOah!! love u justin so huge a hug rite@ U!!
Good man. In NY now trying to live the dream, but im still in dc pretty often
I didn't have lunch. Because glasses can't eat D; lolol
The failure of three corporate credit unions, and the government's plan to resolve them, won't be paid for by taxpayers
RT , If you want me to DM you my #
Do u see this? if so..your and amazing singer with amazing talent your going to go far.:) if not...i just let other ppl know:)
Don't try to play me for a fool . I'm wayy smarter then u think ;) believe that . HA !
Thanks for your tweet! Just wanted to let you know that 1000memories is a free site... we hope you give it a try!
Playing a little no-umbrella Russian roulette today.
hey cheeky. waszup
Potential plans for 2013 include extending Data Curation Fellows prog to humanities positions!
I feel the same way.
Great win for
Guaranteed laugh: Threaten to beat someone with his or her own shoe.
was sharp and radiant with Joan Didion at NYPL tonight. Young lions roar and all that.
's "Insights to the Sensitive Temperament" workshop has begun!
GET PAID TO SHOP!!! WIN PRIZES TO SHOP!!! LUCKeSHOPPER Where you get paid to Shop!!! Coming 2011!
Is the ice rink open today?
[insert crude sexual joke]
hey loverly! what's my week on #youth? i just remembered today that i was supposed to do it!!
So Dan Onorato unfairly taxing beer drinkers in Allegheny county wasn't the answer? Go figure!! Tax and spend, tax and spend
Pearl taking you out for BBQ?
that's true :)
hey liz sorry I'm like at the verge of knocking out so if I don't write back you know why lol
*sigh* g2g. tweet ya in a few hrs....
The exploitation of div 1 college football players by universities would make Karl Marx turn in his grave.
DANCERS! Don't forget to stretch before bed! Goodnight! and please pray for our KItty, she's not feeling too well
Despite having worked in the factory that printed and bound Where the Wild Things Are I've still never read it. Guess I should change that.
Not long until trip to #Emmendingen for big exhibition with , & Can't wait!
Tits on your back, and a dick in your ass, its a... TRAN-N-NY!!! How about that for a #HappyMonday!
It's the last day of Winter!!! :)
leon thomas and daniella for me. and davis cleveland, bella thorne, and zendaya. are you followed by any celebrities?
Of all the inspirational sidewalk chalkings on campus, the one that makes me smile says "Get f*cked"
bakes too. It's a great quality in a boy. Why Katniss doesn't see this (being HUNGRY and all) is a mystery.
Marathon Monday! Run down here for a few pints and some lunch! It's a great day to be out in the city!
Hey fellow Redsox Fans! This was bound to happen... is at the game right now.
Infrastructure Project Manager - 85k - 100k - Direct Hire - Looking for Hands-On Technical Process Oriented Individuals w/ Exposure to EMC,…
You called it, Daigo
Quora is now part of Google real-time search results. Anybody have examples of how brands can use this for marketing?
One of my fav #quotes EVER! Speaks volumes to who I am... “Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever...”
imu2 text me
Me too! And my students!
second day of the #NIST conference gaithersburg maryland.
Thanks! You've summed up my feelings also, haha. I live right outside the city but work on Cap Hill.
HELL NO. Pants are supposed to cover your ass
u love s lot of people
Just tapped, Cascadian Dark Ale (replaces Fallout Green Cardamom Pale Ale: #3 12 Beers of the Apocalypse)
Everyone in this van is "People Watching".... you wouldn't belive some of the stuff people do while driving. Haha
did you intentionally spell that wrong?
I'll miss the state quite a bit; especially Keeneland and Derby week
That is great - congrats!
thx!! Nice to see cereal and serial used in your bio:)
This is second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since November. What can be done to make this block safer?
same to you, chica! :)
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
Good! We have a lot in common! ;)
stay in the moment & create...
Played a great show after a really difficult week. This is exactly what making music should be--uplifting.
that sounds beautiful right there!
Instead of complaining about these reality shows how instead you just don't watch them. If enough people do that then they will go away
Thank you, Mo'Kelly! I appreciate the kind words! Looking forward to Saturday's show!!
I'm at NASA Exploration Telerobotics Symposium May 2-3. Just participated on panel discussing history of exploration & telepresence.
Can you create video replies to reviews? Thus creating a pseudo-interactive dialogue
Roaaarrrr! This week's interview goes into the depths of the bear and cub communities. Come out come out wherever you are--
would HS students be allowed to attend, if they were accompanied by a parent?
So I got my "Mentor" note for High School... Its just a program that has Juniors help the new students with thier first year of High School.
I'm averaging attending 1.5 basketball games per week.
My Fathers name for one of my Aunts. RT : what's a sizzle chest?
The Man gives a shout out to the Tweeter in the corner.
Don't miss Let Me Out today at DIFF. Magnolia at 4 PM. Then it's My Way after that. South Korean films rock.
Can't wait for the new light to arrive! Look out Sun, your days are numbered! #exciting!
when i fix the final peice of my phone.
Is she rachet  That's why I'm , and  the 
I heard your going to school out here
Hearing song lyrics that describe your feelings perfectly and thinking, "Wow."
i turn 18 tomorrow.....I will finally be legal and not called a "baby" by my college classmates. YES
I am so thankful! so very thankful! Blessings come to my life in the most unexpected ways....
it has been depresing :/
lol. no doubt. i never either. what class are you in?
that's a great idea and I will now plan to do that! See ya at rodeo?
Ho! RT YOU WON'T LIKE ME WHEN I'M ANGRY. I BACK UP MY RAGE W/SOURCES & DOCUMENTATION
What where those ppl name that we have to write letters to?
smh, I give up on this one, too tired
Amazing how we're the only ones who made it to Dallas from NYC. Weather here is horrible - one big sheet of ice. Good luck getting in
Hi it's yaya
I'm the sickest in the system
I'll tell her next time for sure! For both of us.
will save you a plate, let me know when
fave documentary ever ... "bill cunningham new york" ... a MUST SEE!
Stuck in class....entertainment please
Rarely ever feels respected
Save some for campaign contributions MT : I bought 2 tix & if I win, that's a LOT of slummy houses I could knock down/redo
I miss on #Idol this week. Ugh. I still believe the wrong person went home last week.
Correct all inaccurate information.
SURF Report: 4/29/11 Pacific Beach 4-6 ft shoulder high to 1 ft. overhead fair CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62°F
Looking for an #attorney to act as global head of corporate trust for top financial firm in
I used to live in the Caribbean (on an island). I stupidly got a short haircut. I ended up looking like a poodle!
Justice.. Thank God
Oh my Gosh I am so exhausted. I can't even keep my eyes open. #GoodnightWorld !
oh no! I will have to go and check it out. Busy streak and not much playtime. Missed you too. A lot.
some things were just meant to happen
ugh i hate sports BUT I LOVE THEM SO MUCH!!!!!!
#sfeng252: Final exam grades have been posted to the Blackboard Grade Center.
RT : Variety Magazine did a write-up of Anchors, a new feature produced by Congrats to the production crew!...
Not having a laptop has freed myself up to lots of things, but I need to get back to work-Time is $$$$!
Wow! I feel like i've been waiting for YEARS! for this dude to deliever my pizza like i dont mean to be rude but Mia Michelle Monk IS HUNGRY
no u dont
oh - you are wtop. There was a story saying that the text of all of the speeches are available online now. Do you know the url?
Hey Everyone Check out my new website for great sales on Avon Products at www.youravon.com/cpjimenez
R.I.P Jamaal.
happy friday! what are your weekend plans milwaukee? i'm in need of retail therapy at !
Lots of buzz in the press today about our ultimate Father's Day package. Play football at Soldier Field with 17 of your friends
how has the return to work been? Hope it's been a smooth transition. :- D
I hate tests 😒
What the? Lmao!
Signs your date is going well.
our library is hosting a vegan cooking show and the auditorium is packed! Love the smell of cooking veggies wafting through.
I cannot sleep when its this hot in my room. It's like 357532478874335788433.25 degrees.
Danielle stores nuts in her bra.
I laid out chicken an hour ago..I forgot I was going to cook!
This Boy is My Life, iCan't Stop Thinkinq about him.. iThought it wouldn't be this hard buhh iRealize iCan't Be Without Him..</3 /':
#fridayreads (audio) Bath Tangle by Georgette Heyer. Printing reading = textbooks. :-(
Shopping for Halloween costumes.
it just doesn't match ya know.
Lords of Waterdeep is the fucking tits.
Is it wrong of me to feel like I need support in getting through life? Am I THAT much of a failure because I'm not 100% self-sufficient? :(
At P.F. Chang's a 15-percent discount tomorrow only. Cinnabon will give out free bite-size cinnamon rolls from 5 to 8 p.m
Omg that was so yummy onions with mushrooms n cheeze all microwaved with a lil water salt n pepper wow. Surprized!
It is a #lovely Monday! Can't wait to see all of you amazing #library people at #ala11!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 17
don't do my tweet fucker!!
Did you get a hanger from the Scouting division for our area? RT to let us know... about 2000 scouts will be covering 100k houses!
some fans will never learn, unfortunately. it'll be the same next year. death threats, racism, adults acting like children, etc
Kevin hart is the funniest man alive. #ThinkLikeAMan is a must see movie
Listen in on 90.3. we're talking about nonprofits and whether they are making as big of an impact as they can.
Sometimes I wonder if I really want to go to school to be a nurse..
Friday at last <3!
I thought Thursday night was open mic there... But I forget... Seen a few... Never funny!!!
Tweet that tweetybird
I still can't believe my brother who is in 6th grade is bigger than me..
That moment when you leave the restaurant & realize that you left your box of left overs on the table..
Good Luck , in Championship Game today.. Bring home title
Watching last night's Mad Men & majorly girl crushing on Christina Hendricks. She's stunning. Wow.
So I'm directing a feature documentary, acting in another movie, my friends are pretty awesome and this nicotine headache sucks but whatever
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm weird, I always have headache, I love chocolate, The Beatles and right now I really want to sleep.
Hi right back at you! Hope all is well back in NY!
Everybody else is just full of sh*t!
(Anonymous) If you can’t be thankful for what you receive, be thankful for what you escape.
&quot;Transformers&quot; producer has new films in the works - Chicago Tribune
Great lunch with girlfriends
what up!
Heading down to AC after work to celebrate Daddy's Bday. Dinner at Chelsea Prime Happy Birthday Daddy! Love u. XO
I rarely ever say this, but I rocked my callback today! No matter what happens at this point, I'm at least glad about that! :-)
In my opinion, Donna Summer not only ignited disco but created all dance music including house. Can you deny this?
Hey, thanks for following me! :)
thanks for pub - hopefully see you out at
yes, but text-mined sentiment analytics can provide good actionable insight.
Lol idk bro, some people have some crazy abnormalities lol
Lookin for Female MC for up and coming MixTape Track, if you interested hit me up. RT and Spread the Word
Bars, beers, then the bulls game
Wow, that was the wierdest, funniest call I've ever heard.
I don't blame Bryz. He practically stands on his head and ends up giving up a silly goal he should have saved.
Nice visit to Allora Vineyards, St Helena, #Napa. Small, family owned/run producer of interesting cuvees. Like Napa used to be.
class is so boring!!!!
what's it called? I thought you were a mind reader??
yay...I am happy right now cuz I think u will like this one page. Go to my fb wall real fast and see the last 2 pages I like
wow yeah..pleasure playing with you as always, run it up tomorrow!
2012 is right around the corner - gasp! Check out our picks for America's coolest New Year's Eve concerts:
Last day of classes!!!!!
off of the shots fired soundtrack radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.
Yes. I heard they were always late to the set in that Hitchcock film.
Lady Gaga as Joe Calderone - hate it or love it?
I'm living like there's no tomorrow, because there isn't one.
in the morn can u bother justin and tell him to follow me ill give credit to u
I need some too lol
only if u thnk u r....otherwise, keep charging my friend
Send them Bulls back to Chi town
Watching Pretty Woman like I've never seen it before.
you can hang out with me ):
Yeah! Any special requests for the weekend?
If target can tell when a women is pregnant, why cant our teachers know when kids know fractions via prez at
any chicago based drupal designer/devs looking for a small project?
yes, they adopted an older beagle a few months ago. I'm sure she'll have fun there. :)
Just got mail from 5starBasketball camp
Feel like beating something up while Drive Like Jehu blasts today. Rome Plows!
I didn't even know SMU is in the big east. How far has that conference fallen?
Killer Picture!
it"s lightning. it isnt just traffic cameras. it's really a lightning storm. be still...
created the perfect morning vibe. Everyone is dancing n jumpin to his music. This place is where its at! Where u?!
It's amazing how many people neglect reading a book. It's the best way to stimulate your thought process. I recommend this 4 rappers.
Limping along with a mostly broken computer. Wish I could do more this week. Thanks to all who help!#StopRush #WarOn Women
I should have gone to that seminar on restoring old photographs at last year's Photoshop World...
Thanks for the birthday lovin everybody! I appreciate ya ;)
Thanks for the recommendation, Oli.
I get nervous every time Bryz goes to handle the puck.
Haha...yes, she had a great time working with the Ready Set guys. Have you met them? She said they're all really nice :)
Plus Del: how fun has this off season been?
Funny! Yesterday saw a worker chasing a single leaf with a giant leaf blower machine strapped on his back. One leaf. Just one leaf.
hahah but you are famous lol
Avoid icy situations this #holiday season! Make sure to put salt on your sidewalks and steps as the ice comes this
In 1994 I bought my first gay CD. It was Endless Summer.
so fresh that u were watching the fight! It was a good one! Ur a grt sports fan!
haha when you lose your password on Louis CK's site you're sent a replacement that begins "numbnuts" followed by a series of numbers.
We have a mostly working version that uses jQTouch (acquired). We think a jQuery Mobile version would be fairly easy to do now.
You too! I'm looking forward to more in the future. Happy Friday!
If you don't know about re run then you ain't livin
So apparently imma b the death of the Air Force lol..my supervisor said it only takes one man...but why me!
Brandy's new music is disappointing...2nd2none
Haven't been on Twitter in like FOREVER! Super stoked about NEVER SAY NEVER out this friday! I am so gonna buyout at walmart.. lol
See you guys there! What day are you performing? “: Rehearsing getting ready for SXSW!”
Pinnacle Airlines files for bankruptcy in U.S
yea. Did you ?
crap! Let me know when you find them. I've been looking too.
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today :)
Happy birthday :]]
On tapped, Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge (replaces Chuckanut Brewing Kolsh Ale) yes on growler & $3 pints
Get a taste of the weekend this Wednesday at #Fridays! Join us for our #HappyHour specials from 4-7pm, including $4 & #highballs!
Lots of calls of "Are you all open today?"
Always embrace laughter when it comes...humor will have your back
I won my pageant! I couldn't be happier! :) Young American Teen Miss Midwest 2012!! :)
Relationships are like glass, sometimes its better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
So I made a Frangelico Chocolate frosting yesterday & used it to top my moist chocolate cupcakes which I brushed w/Navan... #NDulge!
#thatblows. I'm surprised. #Pens games are broadcast on their site.
I get a kick out of how pathetic people are.
Ordering dance costume!!! 💃
Thanks so much Danyelle! So nice to meet you, Laura :)
Workshop attendees, full day workshops start at 9 am and half day workshops start at 8:30 am. Don't miss any of the great content.
Taylor Gang or don't have a computer, so u have to tweet via text like
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems "comfortable" i call borderline frigid.
their ipad app is not bad! and alleviates that platform's inexplicable lack of a default weather app
miss touring with you man. Much much more to be toked in the future. Got a solo project I'm coming out with soon! #cali love
I don't have a bucket list but my fuck-it list is a mile long...
Yes. I need a drink. Or seven.
all is well now...just folks round deez here partz SMH
3,000 plus fans and GROWING! Thank you everyone for all of your love and support!!! ALWAYS BELIEVE!!!!!
I saw an opportunity even in those comedies to begin my project of American films
On the plane in my way to
Lady Antebellum: "R&B has it's roots in the South, along with country music." Uh, ix-nay on the avery-slay...
but it's Monday!
Normally my brainstorms are just slight showers but THIS one was a hurricane. BRB. Gonna go buy a domain.
you're 8 and your listening to all time low? I thot u wer like 16
Hostages yearn for freedom: this will come through the disclosure of reliable and authoritative information (c) and owners
at the very least can we agree lebron didn't "take the easy way out" by going to miami?
WE GIVE PROPS TO CLEVER NAMES HERE - THANKS BEARGOGGLESON!!!!!!
You're welcome!
Classy. With an attitude like that - she'll go far!!! :)
Love those Indians! #RollTribe RT : today has been NON STOP. looking forward to the tribe game tonight.
She deserve it she make it all worth it
I Hate How Someone Can Treat You Like Shit ; But In The End You Still Care For Them . ..
RT new (famous) users usually post hot/halfnaked pics of themselves for proof.
I figured that silly. lol I mean what time??
Now when I look @ the moon, I think abt Newt. I dunno if it's the space program or the bloated face that's unjustifiably pleased w/ itself.
Well it could be worse. Yep I just checked it is worse.
Thanks for the #FOLLOW and
congrats!!! Great play!
Derek Fisher, thanks for your great years as a #Laker!
I dont know did you?
Too many community foundations depend on Packers to survive ($$ or PR work), negative backlash would be huge
Love you guys... long time love, it is. :-)
Blunts, tequila, kiddie pool, a parked lowrider bumping reggaeton, and everybody wearing wife beaters. That's summer as fuck.
Dom Irrera from Seinfeld at Helium Comedy Club this weekend!
a teacher, I would charge at least $20-$25 an hour.
You going to see them in Bmore next month?
Nope. And we'd probably beat them!
Today's doodle is St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow. Celebrating it's 450th birthday today.
You should go with Twicca.
Of course. And that's interesting-am fascinated by Italy's attitude to women.
In HS drank 6 cherry cokes from Steak N Shake then my BFF made me laugh so hard I peed my pants in the driveway on a double date.
It takes a bold man to wear pink gingham shirts. Cheers to you cta man...
From this week's print edition: In 2010, 36% of #Groupon's revenue came from outside North America. Last year, that number jumped to 59%.
Hi IMAP issue, cannot find server. Yes, I need a housecall.
Does anybody know someone who can paint a full body cut out you can stick your head through and have your photo taken?
your cheeks n lips should be around the same shade
because LSU will always beat bammer at everything
Glad to take photos at the press conference today! Congrats on the mention from the white house this morning.
I agree to the content vs. fan idea. There are lots of museums that have great collections but are crappy museums.
starts previews tonight. Who is your favorite cast member? You have a lot to choose from!
At the family reunion, Hardy tells Pine's nana, "I gave you a grandkid but screwed it up." Also nana had a faint Brit accent.
the worlds tiniest frog?
in tired :(
extreme self centeredness?
Back in Night town in Cleveland-one of my most favorites and they've got brand new piano
We'll be performing two new songs
guide me in your truth and teach me, for you are God my Savior, and my hope is in you all day long. Psalm 25:5
Trying to be reply efficient. :)
THE FIRST FRIDAY = INSTANT CLASSIC
I want to recognize the great customer service provided me at Beverly Hills Bike Shop. Bike in at 2:45 pm, out the door at 5:15, same day!
Busy, busy weekend for our tweeter... #backatit and you?
He who limps still walks.
For this Saturday's Olympic Qualifying semifinals, El Salvador will play Honduras at 5 p.m., and Mexico will play Canada at 8 p.m. at
Nothing like a morning workout before school.
We hope all of you have a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids
Such a wonderful rehearsal with & I can't express how amazing it feels to sing with the two of you!
Something to look forwarDD too! RT : But the paper is AT work, coffee stop before. Cruel world. Ha
wish I could be there to hear Harry Sheppard..
oh lol sorry
With my dad gettin ready 2 get dropped off...so bored
HAPPY B-DAY, soon you'll be as old as me... oh, wait a minute, I guess you'll never catch up LOL Don't work too hard
Very true.
I think you should reply to me, cause I know that you know that I want you to. (:
Dude, I would be thrilled if we got to work together next year. I'll e-mail you soon about another visualization I did this year.
Sarah Palin Is In Rage! Tensions in regards to leaked
Working on Mojo's World website today! www.mojosworld.net WILL be back up by THIS WEEKEND!!! Stay tuned. :-p --- [thanks for your support!]
Today I just got my noticed that the car has officially been paid off. Life is good!
Expecting that embarrassing frozen car-door lock problem also expensive
Flight Deals from Alaska Airlines
Do your part to jolt the economy. Text a friend who doesn't have unlimited texting. Then do it again. And again. My fav is the friendly "hi"
mcdonalds tomorrow then?
i luv u
I think i wanna marry you!
Picking up Joshua from school.
you're a fool. his trajectory would be downward if he made contact with his feet on ice. not to mention he does it constantly.
is a freak forreal I felt sorry for her but her tweets well tell it al.
Its not your fault for hurting me, its mine for thinking you would not.......
Hey Liz, nope! You're in good company!
RT Don't forget that you've only got until tonight to enter your ideas for Umbro Industries for the chance to win £10,000
What's the weirdest thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
First things first, let's have the Flyers lose tonight :)
Sorry, I can't help but laugh at this. Why is this?
"Give me the Nazi Goatherd." - Brett Myers to his barber
You're welcome & thank you! XX
Is the demonstration in SF the Tea Party boycott of SF?
Good morning :) i love u.
Guess I'm going to school! Shower time :)
right like for real
It is awesome watching people 'get' analog data and how to use it digitally.
Cody is sexy and Angels know it ;)
Send us the link once it's up.
I'm missing my MJ at this moment :(
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
But I'm not sure which state he's from...
What happened to decency? Why do all my morals seem a waste?
Hope you are feeling better
NP ;) RT Thank you to for yummy delivery breakfast!
You're a daisy if you do!
What do you think Baltimore needs to do to create better-paying jobs for next gen of citizens? 410-662-8780 live talk at noon
Is on instagram or is it just someone tht looks EXACTLY like him??
i do? lol and who is the one followin u?
Free throw and turnover struggles continue. Ron Nored with two missed free throws and the Bulldogs with 4 turnovers just four minutes in.
“: If you appreciate her, love her, and respect her, I can almost guarantee that you wont lose her. #GirlFacts”
Do you regret giving up any of your past boyfriends or girlfriends?
Good morning , ladies and gentleman we are here for you're commuting entertainment.
Deng finally came to play !!!
oh, no worries. I'll be there!
dude i saw it man it was nasty
I dont even trust Grizz automatically beating LAC in 1st round, since that's one matchup to watch.
RT : We understand power is out, we are working on the cause and solution. We do not have a restoration time yet.
Academic - they are not found in Fiji. Need a global issue.
live off life !
now if I can get rid of this #migraine - just might go out tonight ... need to celebrate winning that ...
After a weekend of aerials workshops & meeting New Haven's "ambidancetrous" community, every one of my muscles hurts but my soul is happy!
Getting ready to start studying all day, yaaaaaay.
It is not whether you get lucky - good or bad, it is what you do with it that separates you. Via
and its never anything good.
thanks for following
We have a show tonight at shiloh chapel in marysville across from roosters tonight at 6, its just us so come out and have fun with us
New libraries attract students! Now, let's make a great college!
is journalism as content curator a blow to investigative/deep reporting?
Oh its Friday and I've been slacking on facebook updates this week. Hope you all enjoy your weekend ahead!
luckyy I wish I was there
Yeah and who better to curse than Tebow? Is he uncursable? I need to know RT that's is the most legitimate curse ever
Karma is a #Bitch, and Terrica can b. So, don't try me. Don't let the #SweetFace fool ya....
Someone bring me Poquito Mas please.
but I still love them...
Demi Made Us Stronger. Thank You . For everything . For telling us to ignore the hate . And for teaching us , you can overcome everything .
Someone thought it would be funny to put a trip wire across my front door. #aprilfools >>> more like
I Love God
2,055 years ago Julius Caesar was stabbed to death in the Roman Senate. Bad blood or bad anchovies? Who cares? It’s March Madness bay-bee!
Sounds like a hater lol
Have some stylish tech-savvy products for bus travelers - who can I email info to?
Best part of every day? Going home to & the fur-kids.
Good luck to all competing in the women's little 500 today! And to everyone else... Party hard and don't be an idiot! :)
Patron Profiles webinar for libraries beginning now. Follow at
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com & maybe u'll find some inspiration & a joyful direction!
ABC still on commercials FML
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
Remember when the this #NCAATournament was all chalk and (yawn) boring back on Thursday?
Love alone is literate in the world of origin; it can decipher identity and destiny. ~ John O'Donohue via RT
I'm in Poland now...sweatier and greasier than ever. It may take a few days to get the show back up.
Appreciation. Nice SHARED vibrations. No exact words for it. But thank YOU!
If it is a torn ACL he is out for year. His save vs. O's might be the last time we ever see the greatest reliever of all time pitch. Sad.
But tittles like that take half the tweet.
So many prop bets, so little time. Go Rams.
I'm too busy looking for a small, docile animal to sacrifice.
So apparently Miguel Torres is my long lost cousin.
I love that the fans are booing Marchand in Buffalo tonight. Shows that he is being his instigator, goal-scoring, annoying self.
We have to study for us love..
i was just listening to that!
Animal's Planet's Puppy Bowl has officially concluded! Congrats to both teams on a hard-fought battle!
Ok, I know #mlanet12 isn't even here yet, but some of the program themes for #mlanet13 look great. :)
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at Bryant Park and the Cube is now lentil w/parmesan
my mom loved it!!
I DON'T GET IT, fat ugly girl, skinny alright guy, CUTE as baby, like WHAAT !
Not sure... Do you mean a streaming link?
RT The #Isles will wear their black 3rd jerseys during the 2012-13 season.
Turf on AGT right now
#1: Cheap Amethyst and quartzite flower necklace, &#39;Lilac Bouquet ...
oh anytime ;)
Whats new that happened this week?
this is ridiculous! This officiating is horrible!
Thanks for the RT Jorge.Hope to see you at open gym. We're expecting some of the high school boys this week & they are awesome!
thanks for taking time away from working at work to share that with us
Those Packer Unis made them look like lottery balls....there is a reason Green Bay switched Unis years ago
All this fuss about The Killing mostly just makes me want to watch the last two eps asap to see what all the sturm und drang is about
For a Chinese accent on S like SASSY, place your tongue a bit further back in mouth creating more friction, it may sound more like a soft SH
Meeting w/ other synagogue & communal pros to talk about connecting to & partnering around
congratulations Duke, wish my parents let me stay up last night for the 2nd half
r u at the concert?
Breakfast in bed? No?...k.
Stuck in the holiday traffic? Take a pit stop and grab some new holiday tunes to celebrate this week(and get you through atlanta rush hour)!
HA Ha STreeT beaUty EntErtainment is the best female entertainment in Houston Texas
Love that channel My24 here in MKE is showing the episode with"Bag of Weed" musical today
My cab driver is joking about dead bodies in the trunk, saying I might be next, and exclaiming, "I'm funny!"
Nothing to do tonight
3 more till 100! Someone help me please!
When you go to a job interview, and there are pastries on the table just a hair farther than arm's reach, is that some kind of test?
Marathon week! Keep up!
well they better call for full 200 lap not halfway
Uk can you please win this sh,, so I can here the KU fans hush once and for all!
Response to D. Brooks (NYT 08/31) SF Hillel is small and modest but a 2nd home to students. It's about building relationships not buildings.
An apple a day, NOT a hershey bar ~ thx Jim Rohn
Glad you like it! Welcome to the Chapman Graduate School :)
Just about to eat the best sushi with the best wife in the whole wide world
Somebody at Facebook is getting fired.
Which browser gets font-face right? Chrome/Safari. Which browser gets it the most wrong? Opera.
#Str8LykeDes... Ion play both sides dats for you pussy niggas who claim you loyal to streets...
Top down, windows...down.
drew get this girl out of your head man. talking about her is only gonna make it alot worse. move on buddy!
Dont listen to the world, they say we're never gonna make it. -
Dodgers up (:
Thank you for the #FF!
my sleep patterns are fucked up
Just sayin' b/c of the pass rush. San Fran can stop the run, but you don't really care. Saints would be a shootout.
When owls call the breathless moon, In the veil of night, The shadows of the trees appear, Amidst the lantern light
Diron and zay and Stephen being drunk >>>>> funny shit
I'll be back later. Random idea: beauty chan on youtube where all the tips are centered around natural beauty. Ok someone run with it!
good question about the Taino ethnicity. I think you're right about it being a fuzzy issue concerning who defines ethnicity...
lmfao that's a great song
LOL. DONT & ME. I BEEN ASKIN U 2 #FOLLOWBACK U BEEN IGNORING IT. I LIKE UR TWEETS I JUST WANT A #FOLLOW FROM U.
Someone start PLO with me at the Rio before I jump into this stud 8 game with no clue
Use coupon code MATCHY10 for 10% off earrings & bracelet that go together nikkoneko in my shop. More matching to come, next few days!
snowing up here in Michigan. Can't wait for
Whats up with the spam messages?!
beautiful day I just finished a 4.53 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
So fucking jittery.
I see from your profile that you are a Writer &Lover of literature. Who is your favorite living writer.
At the movies and a FancyFeast commercial comes on. Ending line - "The best ingredient is love." Woman behind me - "It's true!"
It's going to be a long day. Two munchkins, then fixing my hair, hanging out with Melody & seeing my favorite man. :)
haha perfect! That's us definitely!! I miss u! Merry Christmas to u tell zach I said merry Christmas too!!!
Yeah, started off slow tho.. NEVER forget the wings when Kyle's around... Lmao I got you. We bout to FEAST!!! :)
please remove me from your list
Thanks! I wasn't aware there was a #bitcoin conference happening. :)
hahaha love it! ;)
hahaha omg well I can't do anything today but I'm free the rest of the week!!
lol oh hush
appreciate the love!!
on the drums though!
Driving across town to find a dunkin donuts that has a drive through so we don't have to do a walk of shame in clothes from last night
So True.We should leave ur lifes to the fullest n make it a big time day n live life big time ?u to b happy?
Why are u badgering Steffy about "ur man"? Who's insecure now, Hope?!~
Like this status if your stomach is growling.
pleased to meet such an artist.
Can I please get a shoutout?! :)
not particularly.. Rare occurrence when I crave candy..
Tip #43567: best way to get a pitbull to give u kisses is to tickle their paws in a counterclockwise motion
Hope this will be a good 2 hour show.(:
a month+
you can ski without snow cuz Sara went!! So HA
Stay dry at today! No seriously use caution. Truax main entrance closed due to water leak. Entrance next to cafeteria open.
Iranian film "A Separation" & #GoldenGolbes winner is now nominated for #Oscars by
And now back to the same shit.
Will do! Thank you :-)
when can we expect the next lineup announcement? i'm so antsy to know what other goodness will be there!
Spread the word, suggest us to your friends :)
I have to be at work in 20 minutes! I'm late! Thank you twitter. :)
Really good, we had our first meetup event this week and it went well. How about you?
NO! Let's bring back the old Caps/Devils rivalry from late 80s/early 90s. I died a little inside when Scott Stevens got traded.
obama takes the blame for not explaining HC more clearly, apparently the teleprompter wasn't working properly
i wish the weather would cooperate...it's nice then it rains and now its freezing cold outside! pick something and stick with it! random ftl
What's the definition of an accountant?Someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you don't understand.
some of the stuff the 99 cent store cells are the shit, Ohkay? so don't judge ✌
Shot an 89 at Nakoma, finally striking the ball well again. Too bad it's near the end of the golf season in the Midwest
Hoping to; fits between two drives to WAHS.
coffee its the first thing that goes into my system every morning.
We should treat absolutely everything as a political story. That's what disaffected voters are looking for.
Feeling the truth of old joke about being a consultant: "You can work partial days! Any 12 hours you want!"
See: U.S. for imperfect exemplar. A multi-relig., multi-cult., multi-ethnic VALUES-driven nat. pride+citizenship. IT WORKS!!
It was more of a collective "we." I have a cap, too!
Going 2 B Epic! : Only one week till birthday!!! Let the last min detailing begin!
Wtf is Hand Foot Mouth Disease.
got you on the followback - thanks!
I think i'm hearing mice scurrying around in our walls.
Why does #FCPX clear my in and out if I click elsewhere in the timeline? Frustrating!
I believe it's true that today a large percentage of people just want to be a victim.
old school map - love it!
Follow --> : Check out our new website being dev'd by at www.hoopdreamsonline.com
ah, it's so nice to have a home on Christmas.
He does look cute in there. It is probably the weather.
“: Gold > silver. I love goooollllddd” reminds me of dr evil, haha "I love gold!"
It is official, I will be going to #MICA for their Curatorial Practice #Graduate program. Class of 2014 baby, watch out #Baltimore!
Monique-Burr Pro Am Tournament, excellent event, important cause. Did you play? If not, make sure you do next year.
Someone asks if we could offer a weekly Christian Rap/Hip Hop show on What do you think?
captains don't make excuses
so on that basis I don't think it's innovative. Twitter is genius. Isn't this about product/market evolution?
I like the missed squeezes
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
Only Delta airlines would NOT be prepared for aircraft to arrive early. Then make you sit on the plane and wait for a gate!!! UGH
Man charged with DUII in The Dalles after police found 10 yr old son driving has a history of drunk driving says DA
Switching exhibits this week at #SJMQT ... but the gift shop is still open. :D International TECHstyle Art Biennial (ITAB) opens August 17th
I'm in Delaware... Just a few more miles closer! lol
It looks like I might be getting unemployment benefits, but I still need somewhere to go.
Mon Lung on Ashland is pretty good. There might be a Chinese restaurant on Milwaukee that's decent. Papajin?
; i minus well have cheated on you as much as you have accused me of cheating.
Watching Hard Days Night and trying to give myself diabetes on cookies yes
Late at night waiting for a guy to sweep you off your feet because HE doesn't, just leave him, you deserve much more than you think
Everything will work out.. it doesn't matter what anyone says..
do you like cauliflower, sweet potato, squash, pumpkin. What do you want to bring?
If you aren't going to try to continue the conversation and just stop texting me.....screw you.
Who are some artists that have helped you through difficult times?
Ii wanna go to Vegas wiit
I hate them
We got news for ya Denton! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
My brain is on vacay.
Quote of the day: "Live your life based on what you want to do, not on what you hope someone else will do." -Evelyn K. Lemar
Terrible shot
Don't they have some fact checkers vetting their stuff. C'mon.
All my heart, it breaks every step that I take.
I'll make sure deb harvests some corn and strawberries for u. Harvest happy hills time!
"NOBODY'S PERFECT" "LEIGHTON" "OH"
can't see that one. Martin gag!
Tonite's Dinner Special - Ancho Chile Crusted Strip Steak, Smoke Chile Sauce, Pico de Gallo + choice of side
Listen to us on WQFS 90.9 live with some poetry!!
what about you?
People say it's insurance fraud—a Ponzi scheme—one couple bought $218,225 of worthless contracts. So police have raided a Ruidoso business.
ugh Betty Draper is such a bitch
Baby It's not just you
Money does not make you rich. Knowledge makes you rich... and knowledge is derived from a process. Gain the knowledge and learn your process
and... I hadn't considered philosophical implications until i caught your tweet.
Took the day off enjoying the sun!!!
I love Chicago, but of I see another one of my Facebook friends post "It's not the Willis Tower..." I'm not angry. I'm just disappointed.
If someone has a good cure for lactic acid in the quads, let me know...
Some people taste wonderful.
Pooping at church.
Spring Antiques Show Blossoms In New Hampshire
what did you get on your paper?
We'll go ahead and take your word for it without asking how you went about making the comparison.
That Akwrad Moment When You Walk Into Class Late, And Everyone Is Staring At You Like You Killed Someone :)
holding my press conference on twitter today. fire away,
i can see the anger about the lack of differences with the endings, but there is an ending. This is all im saying about this
Boutta Get Me 2 Pairs Of New Shoes ,
whats good jeremy told me to hit u up
Started reading another book. Why do I do this? I'm already reading two others.
thanks. Fun to do
I could drink me a good cold beer right now.
It's like the Internet's version of being schizophrenic!
some part of me really wants to raise my hand in this class and ask, "yeah, but babies be buggin, RIGHT!"
Finally reading the Harry Potter series!
RT Is tonight the night THE follows me?! After a year will it finally come true?! I hope...<3😍💜
I'm calling it now....Mia vs Boston...lakers vs. San antonio
Our condolences to Whitney Houston's family. Her sweet voice will continue to melt hearts.
Oh. That's much less exciting. Hopefully it wasn't in support of a candidate you can't stand!
holy shit I'm wide awake as fuck right.
#ColorMeBlack in full swing
I miss being 21 :(
yes its real show to your all your motorcycle friends & family. Motorcyclist wear your helmets!
. that's why we invited to our fest, because they're awesome!
carolyn loves me..
Yeah! RT : Every time I see a moth I swear they get bigger every fuckin day.
RT : Coming up this Saturday, 1:30 @ MplsCtrl Library: Taiko Drumming w/ ! Get a taste w/this YouTube clip:...
working on some big projects for our spring/summer line... including our first lookbook and another website overhaul! evolution of a brand.
Women who (literally) take baby steps = huge turn-off. Women who walk confidently = huge turn-on.
Definatly missed working out. It's great to not be sick.
Had to go to the Genius Bar today. Was ultimately disappointed with their happy hour specials.
I should probably leave the building more often.
I hate frogs.
That's right! RT : Just saw #horriblebosses for the first time featuring my homie , her feet dont touch the ground!
Ashlee's is purple :]
Sweater puppets
s/o that man goes in!
God is my hero
You can do it!
Now roll me up.
Hm I wear 4in "It was discovered that wearing 2 inch heels improves the strength of the pelvic muscles, which in turn helps women orgasm."
RT Congrats on winning Student Journalist of the Year! I see you USC –– that's two for two!
Justin you're really good at singing are a fan of yours (always)
Good for you!
even if you cant get a certain someone to notice you i cant hurt to keep trying
what's good fam?
Tomorrow I want to play a prank on Cody. RT if anyone would want to participate with me!
Watched premier of TYT last night, it's exactly what I expected. "Obama same as Bush" "Obama loves Wall st" A bunch of Bullshit! Cenk Sucks
I order the grilled veggies every time-Most amazing fire roasted veggies ever! You would love it there. Look for on-line deals
A Bitch Nigga That's That Shit I Don't Like
legit tweeter? haha naaahhh. how long will you be in town for graduation?!?!? can't wait!
your a daddy?? CONGRATS
Never type while drinking. it could result in false words you dont mean. VERY DEADLY
What time? Will tweet. ": TY both for this opportunity. Excited to be part of #coffeetime tonight!"
How's your Tuesday? Come by and let our wine expert Todd enlighten to a new varietal for you to try!
alicia mann is the sweetest girl ever dont forget that now!
": RT if you've beaten my character in #UFC3" gotten ktfo about a half dozen times already.
Hard drugs are the entrance to the devils world
Isn't your bride wanting a Times wedding announcement with a picture of only her a sign to run like hell?
Goin to find some mess to get into with Kaitlyn ! Let the ignorance begin !!
is excited half the week is already over!!! Time really flies doesn't it?
Your toddler shall one day rule this land. //
I wanna play Skyrim next time I go over to your place... I wanna see what all the buzz is about!! :-)
Bout damn time
He should know.
I wonder if, somewhere on twitter, there's someone genuinely trying to give away walmart gift cards.
oh if I could get one u know I'd be all about it!
Thanks! And glad you liked the resource!
So it's not enough for the Coyotes to get outplayed and out-hustled by the Kings, they have to be outclassed by them, too. Nice trifecta.
Still seeking two volunteers to help with POL state finals tomorrow from 10:15-12:30 at the Lyric in OKC. DM if you are interested by noon.
Anyone have experience with a locked facebook page? Lost our rights. Not happy.
he lives super close.
She is the best!
I really want to see it again.
Sometimes when I am drinking at the airport bar I forget to add my pics to my tweets ; ) OOOPSIE! XO J
the convos we have
avoiding my bookie because you guys couldnt cover!
What is everybody on today
Don't miss BORIS The Crusher Oatmeal Imp. Stout, a GABF '11 gold medal winner ($9.99/barrel-aged $19, 20 oz); Aville Spirits.
Slept 12 hours last night and for 6 hours during the day today. Feeling a hell of a lot better.
Best day ever!! No school, just chillin.
Thanks! Always great to hear from RIF Alum.
dang ive been meaning to see that for awhile now.
Forcing people to pay attention. Group Leader Interview
hey justin, I hope U & UR family had a Merry Christmas, Happy & Safe New Year's 2 Ya!!! We'll C U in Lexington 1/21
“: #ToMyFutureHusband Bringing home flowers and ice cream will never get you in trouble.”
Yes. Im finger painting hahaha
Tumblr, tea & Ed Sheeran. Life is grand.
Of course I'm 3 hours early curling my hair for "Creep" Opening Night!
Its going down. Celtics down 3 with 12 seconds left
Want to know yet another reason why #foreclosures sales processes are broken?: drawing names for property assignments at an #REO conf.
RT : Hi. Thanks for asking. Most of the experienced cab drivers of #Chicago drive for more calls..
#ThingsMyMotherSays "stop opening the fridge door ever 5 minutes if there wasn't food 5 minutes ago there won't be food now."
Thanks for the follow! Following you back! HA!
love how the guy i like has a girlfriend fuck my life:( hahaha on to the next one shit.
Yea it is. Follow me so i can send u my direct number
The Abelisaurus, glancing up from its bloody meal toward the massive incoming meteor, roared might'ly to the skies: TENURE.
yeah. but im gonna convince Jordan to come
Intel to build $5 billion chip factory, hire 4,000 workers in Arizona
everyone's welcome to #HackingEdu Happy Hour on Thursday, if there are any tix left is managing RSVP's
MT : Did you know? The new CHI website has a "What We're Reading" section full of interesting, relevant articles updated daily.
Opportunity for Developers....Apps for Xbox | Gadget Lab | Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010…
it is!
Life is bigger It's bigger than you and you are not me
Awesome! Thank you! :)
I don't know if I'm a little hung over or just really tired
Going to try to sleep now, so goodnight. c: or... good morning, I guess. ha!
Put on your snow suit and stop on out to Linneman's tonight to see a bunch of our friend's play some good ole rock and roll.
To my dear niece : I TOLD you about Austen. Took you long enough!
Cherries are the ultimate summer treat. Do you know where the annual National Cherry Festival takes place every year?
Swag S-She W-Wants A-A G-Gentalmen
when will my dream finally come true that you will follow me?
230 but we go past 5 sometimes
“: Metta World Peace: "I thought we did OK."” lol'd
a good time was had by all!
toe Orlov Academy is located a block from Green lake
very very positive. and effed up. give yourself lots of time to play in there...
Thanks! That's what I ended up going with. Oh, the things we write about....
lets fucking go
What's up with mustache Aaron Rogers? Movember is over. Or is it?
Hello! MI teens read everything! I've been interested in Dystopian Lit as a current trend. Lots of it being written now.
Celebrating America by knocking yourself out.
It immediately exhausted me. And it wasn't worth the effort. People...ugh.
only ring LeBron will get is from that black girl Savannah
yes it could go either way; just hope Jones wins.
he gon throw up deuces like everything's cool doe?? Oh okay Sammy.
seems like you're
think your daughter will come out on top again this year?lol
Do you know what I hear? All the sassy literary types and HIBF coordinators will be tomorrow from 5pm to drink seductively.
Attending the at San Diego City Council to listen to what members of our community think could jump start our local economy.
i here you
I'm not worry about Rose , team play better with out him!!!
#FollowFriday because nobody is better at avoiding in person interaction :D
Looking forward to our newly revised workbook!
Not too far. All #Ladies want professional #FOTOS of them 1/2 #naked. ALL of them!
Bravo yourself, Sir. RT : BRAVO
Haha! Thanks. I am almost finish with these thick ol' pages.
Go see Act of Valor
This Hot Coffee right now >>>>>>>>
Thanks for connecting with us ,Enjoy your enhanced definition!
chillin on it mane tryna get it back goin again... u been good?
Ice coffee #wee!
"When we do more than we are paid to do, eventually we will be paid more for what we do."
WOW honey, your boss is really flexible!
It's not?
“ YOU don't have to like me for God to LIFT me”
I enjoyed it too. Mellencamp is like Indiana football. Not good.
FinalsFinalsFinals!Good Luck to our ambassadors on 'em! SO close to winter break!U can do it!check the blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com!!!
your not alone cuz
True story. I live in Tucson, Arizona and have a cousin who is an excellent swimmer so she often competes in Phoenix. One weekend I was f...
My fingers are crossed for ya!
wtf what happened,, we love sue
Abbederis has the state record in 110 hurdles.
Chicken tenders at Collegiate! ... Yeah... Not quite the same.
Oh hi there! Don't forget: we're at The Grove in Elm Grove tomorrow night, 7pm-11pm!
I see "Scotch" staying away. Weak stomach, I don't want you taking care of me for two days, Ha!
um, is 8:30 am too early for #winestorming?
Good morning. What you know good?
NSAID's like Motrin, Ibuprofen, Aleve, Naprosyn, Advil, and Celebrex have serious side effects. Do you know what they are?
+1 RT If any of my neighbors are awake, I'll buy a beer from you for $20.
#SMPP Get on this call!
Oh yeah!
Browns players who call it the "dog pound" instead of the "dawg pound" piss me off. kno and respect the tradition god damn it
Thanks for the share and kudos!
Really, AMC? The Killing is a total Twin Peaks rip-off. Pretty girl dead, Pacific NW, violent fathers, obsessed detective, now a casino too?
Hey - if you change a reg to 'reject' should they disappear from campers page?
I agree - it's really wonderful.
Everybody to follow she is an AMAZING person and every beautiful:)
what it is than QR Codes can take them right to the source of the information. But most people know how to find listing deets.
Learn how to safely operate a motor vehicle on public roads to deliver goods or services.
Thank ya ladies! Come lick the floor with me. Not even kidding.
RT : I think my beloved phone was dropped on its head a few times when it was a baby rotary phone.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. - Wayne Dyer
Meet Paul Teller of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee (RSC) today at SPA drop-in advising, 3:30-5pm, Ward Lobby
And we are looking forward to seeing them!
Ugh I want to go back to sleep;
How u gonna b a prominent football player and let ur girl stab u up, then u lie 4 her "What's up wit that?'kill the relationshipb4 it kils u
can you say, "manufacturer returns"? unless they have a really big bargain bin...
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects
thunder&lightning
3 events in the museum today, and all of them corporate- it's exciting to host events and mtgs for so many #ABQ businesses!
Uke calling out the media room internal announcer on a mispronounciation "Jeff Su-Pan? This guy doesn't even k ow him." Love it
You can email us at HoustonFlashmob (at) gmail.com with "Twestival Plans" in the Twestival Flashmob details.
But that's the best combination ;-)
gotta love that hair #wickedawesome “: Al Michaels sporting the comb-over tonight.”
Im thirsty... and its Thursday, what a coincidence
Hard Drums and "Righteous Music" actually go together
#sexisbestwhen you're really digging each other and there's alot of passion involved....
Your Comcast tweet totally made my day! Hahahaa.
It's really a great feeling to walk into a Ranch Market here in SoCal, and to hear a Tony De La Rosa polka. There is hope for CA.
Shirley Samuels: Feminist questions: Who's left standing at the end of a work? And who are they with?
Well, my legs are fucked... Great workout this morning!!
Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno & gud lookin out fa da #Queen!!!
That was awesome, thanks Portland friends and the Red Room!
Standard night for him isn't it? “: Good luck to tonight smashing moonshine and fat girls!”
Have you taken your chem final yet?
still no table draws ehh? :/
Yes, and not only bitching, but ALWAYS bitching about eachother and how worthless the other one is. It's like, grow a pair.
Holy moly, that was a lot of networking. Met lots of great people, lost my voice. Thanks, #DC web people!
oh yea the one I Roosevelt? Yea I been tucked lol
Mother's Day Dinner at the in-laws: "Did you know George Washington was Albanian?"
I'm thinking about getting a baby pool for my office...
Elena Schaefer & her opponent from New Mexico heading to tiebreaker 3rd game in #1 girls singles...
The Roots killed it. So good!
I bet Cymarron's 1971 hit "Rings" is nowhere to be found on LeBron's iPod
"Business" is the first and most important word in "business casual." Dress like you're going to work, not a sporting event or club.
My big brothers birthday is tomorrow
#realtalk keep up the great work Cavs look great so far this year keep the wins rolling yall look great ♥ yall
#Mo...we LOVE you!!! But PLEASE go see the docs in NYC!!!
I should have called it an "events calendar" though some regional incident data collection would be way cooler.
Come with me, hail mary.
kid! Can you PLEASE check out my purevolume and tell me what ya think? www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord just a local artist :)
Can't wait to watch teen hoot tonight <21 (:
Technology for Education just added saynplay to its product line- Hooray!!!! www.tfeinc.com
So sleepy. Watching the clock until a reasonable bedtime a few hours from now!
You gotta be important to stunt on my level
Then Shaunie, Ev and Suzie get in da van. On da slick they all trying 2 say Tami took it too far. All them hoes scared if u ask me
How about a Free Flt. to Hawai'i? www.majkltravel.net RT Did u know that 1 in every 10 people in the world lives on an island?
Introduce you to the giants this is Fee Fi and Fo Fum, I may not have aim but how you gon dodge 4 guns?
::Hug:: RT : Thank You for #HAWMC I hope you know how much I appreciate the WEGO team!
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else.
Don't we have to ask who is driving the notion of obesity and who makes money out of destabilising all our appetites.......
Haha. Awesome. Are you going to be at C?
Thanks. Wasn't meaning to tell you off about a + button but was just thinking I should do more googliness. Does anyone use +?
Sourwood honey is better than the wildflower honey. It's killing me how delicious this is.
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music, and for the good work that you do !
Took an hr of my monday to go see the exhibit of Van Gogh's at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Now I feel like it's Friday.
Surprise! is doing an autograph signing at the Lexus tent at 1:00 today! Double the signing, double the fun
Heading to the stadium. We'll be in Va. Beach shortly
also, i'm a freelance blogger now. if anyone really wants my terrible opinion on something, just ask! i'll be glad to give you 200 words.
May your blessings outnumber The shamrocks that grow, And may trouble avoid you Wherever you go. ~ Irish blessing
Already sweating.
get over yourself, you're not any special or brand new
How do you eat your macaronii??? wit a spoon or a fork???
Followed. Follow and
Less than 7 minutes left in the first half -- Hurtin up 105-32 over
Happy Mother's Day Chicago! What are you doing to treat Mom extra special today?
Bout 2 take a lil nap.can't wait 4 raw on Monday
The Holy Ghost. She down on her knees speaking in tongues.
RT : Check out what's new at these #SouthFlorida #hotels , , ‏, :...
I love reading all of your RTs to your fans. I NEED to see you in concert soon.
I-re-need to evacuate.
Are ya ready for the chance to win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach? Say 'Super Main Stage'!
nope I don't give a fuck she pissed me off
I imagine monkey-wrangling is hard, but what about the dancers, as well as the landscape?
I wish emily, going on vacation this coming Thursday and Friday, but if I have to, maybe tomorrow.
This is what we had to wear for the skit.... Yes. I am sponge bob and i am proud of it. ://t.co/KBMv4gIX
Sunday 5/6 9-3pm: Come cheer on walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ t-shirts! Stop by or stay all day!
The employees at Chili's and Applebee's need to have a death match. The world does not have room for both Shitbag restaurants.
We'll probably be addressing that at the conclusion of Season 1. Our playoffs are on May 12th.
took an hour 10 minutes.. She has legal access to MY garage until Friday.
Me too but maybe bc I'm drunk n watching the new Footlose movie.
: One way ticket from Chicago to Milwaukee? $23. Waiting 2 hours on the train for it to leave the station? Priceless.
Follow the network!
"open access is logical" synchs with mission. Not just content but process, standards, workflow.
Strange that wants to oust a guy who wants an independent review of its finances. Someone doth protest too much.
sorry could u elaborate? Im not understanding ur point
Amazing. Not saying it wouldn't work...
Just added our Celebrating Spanish Flavors class on March 24. Check it out!
Just like alcohol, we will always have tests. Employers don't want high employees. We don't want high truck drivers, etc.
Holiday Specials available at platinumcce.com few dates are open book today!
Who is to say what's right if two people regardless of sexual orientation want to get married? How is it hurting anyone?
If you missed our reunion show, Check us out at our next show on December 20th at Jackrabbits! See you there!
what is up to since he finished with ?
No I think you'd crush me
gardening with
Don't drink and drive. You know who you are. Happy weekend.
it's not to late!
Alright, Sox.. ya done good...
you never know though! Which song are you going to sing ?
It's the kind of day when the only thing you can do right is make a ton of custom boxes for re-housing. Fun!
I liked you before you had sex. I could hold a normal conversation, and now, that's all you want.
“: Let's go New Mexico State!!!!!” typical
it's a all about key words: New, Leader, Change are staples for a postive campaign. Less thought goes in than you might think
Thanks for the support guys! I know we haven't been shouting out as much.
This game is in the refrigerator! The doors are lock, the eggs are cool, and the jello is giggling!!! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP!!! :D
You would love the #gradnation summit. Parts are being livestreamed if you can check it out.
Yeah! Men at the corners! Bring Mather home Sori!
I don't like you, we not friends, and I don't follow you... Why are you talking to me ?
Big trend #byod to work - massive use of smartphones, mobile devices. Opportunities and challenges for IT. Dave Smoley Flextronics
#21CRadio A5 I like local music blogs like and also follow a lot of music Tumblrs
Yup Yup! & We just gotta hit each other up thats all because today was too funny
Did I mention I LOVED The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo?! Even though we never saw enough of the tattoo...
Well it was good workin with ya!
Definitely! Just completing a grad paper b4 I call it a night~ U?
The door of opportunity won't open unless you push. -John Mason
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber <- not 1, a group of teachers scratching their nails on the chalk board
Let go & it will be yours forever.
Thanks for the retweet.
WE ARE FRIENDS :) cause were cool like that duh :) <333
is there a coupon code for that? :-)
Hey Brother ! It is suppose to be this month. I am keeping a good eye on it . U can count on me letting U know !
can you tape it and send it to me? xo love you
oh, how I'd love to bid for the unpublished Dr. Seuss manuscript...
I'm so sleepy.
Had a Norton that went 100+ in 11 sec.
I would offer to let you borrow mine, but...
Professional name change today: Lisa Merkin is AKA Lisa Martel.
well if I ever actually drag my ass out of bed, I want to go looking for a good case for my phone
I'm folding laundry and Bruce Springsteen comes on. I instantly feel like I'm doing something epic.
It's on Eastern & St. Rose! 10100 S. Eastern. Hope to see you there!
I'm so bored..
Bill Frisell played clarinet throughout his childhood. His interest in guitar began with his exposure to pop music on the radio.
The freaks are out today, for REAL.
You may not start at the top,enhancing&sharpening your skills soaked in with hard work,dedication and heart proves that youll reach the top
Yes you do
Woohoo! RT : Heading to "the GoLab" (on 6th ) for a couple of presentations and beer garden .
yo New York...im at Brother Jimmys at 16th st...let's have a PBR
my head hurts ):
Thank you to everyone who came out early to see us play last night. The energy was fantastic. Thank you for the support<3
I like Sobe's sponsorship of the SI Swimsuit app and use of Kate Upton creative. You think they new she was cover model before this week?
I believe the movie poster for "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" was the runner up for the Home Alone poster. #weird posters
Most gripping trailer from Comic Con 2010 = The Walking Dead. Made for TV (AMC) and I'm not even a zombie fan. Looked freaky good.
Cole never finishes!
Nikola Tesla might have been the greatest mind next to Einstein. Google him.
Finally on the computer, haha, today was good, I got to go to the mall with my best peoples :P lol
deluca's in the strip of in regent square.
I'm gonna go ahead and make the observation that is not an ESPN fan this morning. Interesting tweets tho
We were. All four of us. And we found some very interesting things under there.
See what you started, Scott? I blame you. RT who wears pajamas?
awwwe, my bestie is so cute n.n I missed you too bebs!
My next cheat meal is either gonna be Mexican food or cupcakes...
2 days until we dismantle the Cards!
Thanks #UCS training was great, just brought first UCS system online and Prod VM migrating from Dell r710 as I tweet.
awesome! thank you :) what do I have to do?
#CIO Quote of the Day from Brent Stacey: at Idaho Natl Lab "Management is a career; leadership is a calling. "
I do eat da women lol
man! I wish I knew that before buying 15 quickpicks....
$35 nightly tix to CMA fest!! Special promo offer until fri! pick a night or go all 4 nights! Lineup lady a, zac brown band, JOSH TURNER etc
craving sleep...
Late response on my part, but yes I did make that pic. Glad you liked it
All I want for Christmas is a boy who cares.
Brandon Jennings = All Star
RT "A person is always startled when he hears himself seriously called an old man for the first time." Oliver W. Holmes, Sr. [yes]
That's an amazing resource, hadn't seen it before. Thx for sharing!
It's too nice outside for drama, leave all that alone and enjoy it
Had a great time with the family last night!!
Lol I got called that in college cause of the way I look from the inside of my facemask man. I can see that though.
don't be insecure :)
been there, we did strep test half way to Yellowstone last year, clinic, drug store, and we were back on the road
When you put honey in your tea, it transformers the last few sips of tea from being kinda leafy to kind of awesome.
there will definitely be partying involved. #cakeparty!! and chocolate chip pancakes too :) x
Good morning folks have a bless day
K I'll reach you at gmail, thanks!
Sure is Big Guy!
Check out exclusive photographs from the past couple weeks... Ntertania (n-ter-tain-ee-uh) Nights!
I LOVE YOU YOUR COOL
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
Got our seats in the theater! Katie Miles is here! So excited and sad.
You can use selective Twitter status through FB or I think there are some others that do it automatically just search FB
My gf is tinting my car windows for my birthday
Try one of our special Mango Drop Martini its cool and refreshing in this Arizona heat.
Photos from our New Years Event will be uploaded by tonight. Stay tuned.
Someone turned up the AC in Denver...brrrr
Just got a win SAAN!! Bangin like a biscuit!
Just about to start my #5kday for #nanowrimo. Need 3 of these plus one 2k day to finish.
"I like the song boyfriend but justin can't sing" ahahahahaahahaahahahahahahahaha bitch, kill yoself
Check me out at tonight. Rockin it in the new Dj booth.
Scary movie 2 is better then the first
Hey Chris You Have An Amazing Voice And I'm Only 13 And You Are My Inspiration , I Would Love if You Followed Me #LoveLife (:
When you follow the dream in your heart, you're energised, inspired, & motivated. -Dr. John F. Demartini
what happened!?!
if mathai goes home on #thevoice i'll be so mad D:
Anyone else having trouble with tweets being delayed in ? Some of mine are 5 mins behind despite refreshing.
i had my UA cd in my radio and tell me why 4 letter word was playing!?:)
It's Finally Friday which means it's time to FOLLOW FRIDAY!
I love this bit where John King manipulates this map.
MEE TOO!!:D
Linda, welcome to the BHB page, please enjoy the music, thanks!
updated his BIo on Facebook! Go check it out and then go check me out on TV! lol :-)
cat babies are better than real babies.
can't wait for the new episode of pretty little liarss!<3
thanks for keeping people up to date with Indy Jazz Fest 2011
wow I'm not alone, till this day I cannot watch that movie. Not even listen in background!! Scary! 😱
TRAFFIC: Crash - SB Gammon rd near Woodmans - blockage/delays
Been painting the house. 4 days without working out. TIME TO SWEAT!
<------ Live and Breath Miami Real Estate
Don't know offhand but maybe your local federal depositary library has 1978 vsn of the Foreign Affairs Manual (on microfiche!)
My whole entire body hurts ..
Good! I watch your show every single weekday and couldn't imagine life w/o it.lol. BTW, I was sad to see Life Unexpected end.
agree. #WorstFeeling no matter what level you play - losing Sucks! Should make you work even harder though.
RT with a hashtag and one word to describe you the actor.
RT : Join us TOMORROW from 12-1 in M101 for our annual Meet and Greet with English faculty and students! Come and enjoy...
ah ok no moves for da night?
Thanks DJ MissBehave!
So the new "research" tool in Google drive is pretty awesome
Day off! The question now is, fun or rest?
us too! Tried to introduce to friends in Chicago, but ding dong ditching is far more challenging in an urban environment, ha.
I don't think that deserves a suspension. I'm fine with the 5 on 3 and him being out for the rest of the game.
VIPs at this wedding : Secretary Napolitano and Cong Rush Holt have arrived to full hall.
Are you on Foursquare? This month, get a FREE appetizer when you check in with 2 or more friends.
this restaurant is amazing
R.I.P ICONiac!
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack
Harden said payback bitch
Someone needs to stop him at the door before he goes out every morning. Only viable solution.
what did ya do? ;)
: Great product. What is the price going to be next year?
how's the clinic
the hottest ; )
yai saw that one too. awesome!
I just heard from Stasha that they're meeting for AM today also
happy birthday. Cheers!!
Your willing to be friends with a guy with Pedo Bear as his photo, .... pretty bad-ass
Gaga You Are MY QUEEN , O YEAH 26 years o yeah you are a queen
Not immediately thinking of any fr that timeframe, but I wld recommend Dangerous Liaisons 88, Masquerade 88, Misery 90, Cape Fear 91
Just wrapped a podcast with for on bus
will #Peyton come in as a the starter and bye bye #Tebow or will tebow stick around for guidance from manning???
Grotto tonight. I hit the decks about 10:30. See you there.
Time to finish packing for my trip tomorrow... I need to get the Bus Driver moving too. He has a lot of work ahead of him tomorrow!!
Wake up at 3, eat and get ready, work, go out, go to sleep . I live such an exciting life . 👎
Poor Megan: the Bettification begins!
that's horrible!! 6-7 hours! how
what's with the drink on it video? Kinda weird! But love the song.
Justib you are so sweet to ur fans and i love u for that and even though dont or never will message me back;(
In studio going in new music sounds great
RT Amazes me how people underestimate the travel time by car to a local store and wildly overestimate the ride time by bike.
It's such a beautiful day--on so many levels!
i was gonna say hi but i thought it would be awkward.... lol
This week's Lunch Special - Chunky Braised Chicken Vegetable Stew - is so good, you may not mind that it's not warm outside.
LOLOL, i love how she thinks he likes her.
I wonder if you'll ever notice me</3 If you do I dare you to follow me... Pretty please!?(: <33
RT : BREAKING: "The Count" from Sesame Street just endorsed Herman Cain.
So 'Stand By Me' decided to play on my pandora channel. Cannot code to that!
working out in a few. #WorkoutFreak :p NW:_
#mla12 #s305 Nick Brown: attention to space in contemporary crit transforms Jameson's cognitive mapping from means into ends.
I feel your pain! All of the Baetti's do. Congrats btw!!
I been sitting in this closet for bout ten minutes tweeting and haven't found nun to wear.
good morning sea monkeys. THIS IS HOWWWWLIN' MAD MURPHY SPINNIN' THE LATEST TASTY GROOVES
When I'm quiet, strangers look at me and think I'm shy. People who know me think, "OMG. She’s thinking! Everybody run! lol
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
RampRate Provides Additional Transparency in Selection of Data Center and Co-location Partners through Update to ...
Im so loved by people I dont even know...this guy who worked at a sports grill just gave me a free meal cuz im broke!
M thanks for follow - who I always impatiently wait to open at 7am for stumptown.
good call. A younger coach like a Jay Gruden type. He's doing a great job in cincy w the rookie.
Eric Stonestreet missed a perfect opportunity for a fabulously ironic callback... Should have said "This is for all the fat boys!"
First run in a LONG time. Felt great! SO glad to be back!
Dave Zastudil was up for consideration too
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 39
I'm tryna touch your eardrums. Follow me!
RT : Congratulations Trent Richardson.. Glad to have you in Cleveland!
Yes What time?
Making the best of what I got! Thankful for my family.
All the news crews are lined up for a day of protest at Westlake Park.
OHMYGOD SANTA! SANTA'S COMING! I KNOW HIM! I KNOW HIM!
Preparing for a Yard Sale is hard work!
You know this, lol
Lies “ Ya bed time! RT SVU TIME!!!”
Any of my followers read Shazam comics? Is it worth it?
PS3 Is the shizzzzlee
Thank u! RT Sweet Sunday LO♥E n J☺Y Tweetiepies
I hope you study this carefully
if I did you'd have even worse chances of beating me :P
You know what's cooler than a million dollars? A million cakepops!
Likewise! I'll be there - hope to meet live at SXSW.
Striking out is one of the worst feelings.
don't let the engineers repair the Atlas! Focus on killing the Atlas first and everything else will fall
HAPPY 7th BIRTHDAY TO MY BABY GIRL...Tia u are one of the biggest blessings in my LIFE...I LOVE U SO MUCH!
"Just a bit outside. He tried the corner and missed. Ball 4. Ball 8..."
. I'd be down to play an SD Journo v. SD Pol hoops game. Be fun. (Kinda like the city v. county football game.)
your butterflies falling in love feeling I cannot drinks 6 & 7
no, it wasn't, sorry
Another 6 hours exam on a Saturday morning !
Fat beats for rhymes....mad clips for my nine....
We tried it in 2008, but maybe there's enough interest in a Xoso Ultimate Frisbee league now?
Thank you, Zap Laser Adventures. Without your blacklights, I would never have realized how bad I need to clean my nails.
zero traffic on my way to work this morning - love holiday work weeks!
My acct was hacked. If you get any dms about blogs, its not real. Sorry.
miss u
It's always interesting when you start watching a new show, then you start seeing actors from it in other shows
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have.
Looks like a good 6 man tag match
Just finished speaking to the Livingston GOP Committee. Will they vote to endorse a candidate? Not sure yet.
our pet food drive is doing great, but we need more canned cat food, first drop off date is Feb 7th....and also visit our site, great sales!
Interested to see what is outlined in the final #ACO rule today.
it wouldn't be complete without Naul!!
Glad my fingers are now stained red and violet.
I discovered aqua-socks in my closet! Huzzah! I can't stand being barefoot any where.
Heading to King of Kombat ring girl search at The Ranch (708 W 6th St.) Hey, I have to do my job! Then heading to Hard Proof Afrobeat
A reminder if perchance students are following me... CHOIR'S WIZARD OF OZ PERMISSION SLIPS ARE DUE TOMORROW.
that sounds like a very un-happy birthday.
shes evil lol trust me she's mad at me now cause i just woke her out of her slumber. Cause she was in the way.
Get it gurl!
Great breakfast for keeping fat off: 1 serving oatmeal, 1 cup berries, 1 scoop protein powder.. Delicious!
I'm working a double today but so happy I get to watch El Clasico at my bar.
me:) How long until I see you on there?
Granite City man has collection of nearly 1,000 ethnic outfits
Whats up Packer Fans??? World Champs up in here
Why is love so darn complicated
Shower radio has changed my life. What a concept.
So stoked it's gonna be on a Saturday! RT : I think BFD is June 2nd with fun. Calling it now. We'll find out Monday.
Say Somethin if you're feelin the vibe. Say Somethin baby dont be so shy<3
hey!!! have you heard our ep on iTunes yet?
I added over 200 words to my script, but timed out and lost it. I am pissed. It's not my computer, so...
It looked great! I don't think anything would have lasted through our marathon shopping adventure.
Believe in love. Believe in happiness. Achieve your goals. Be proud to live your life.
Awks when mom doesn't change the channel.
Bye!!:) breakfast
very true miss it
47% of adults get news on a tablet or smart phone.
yes I am awesome? Why thank you sir!
U shut up!!
#WhatsObamaHiding the lost episodes of Family Guy
As long as you do it only once, yes
Get your self together go give your brain a bath. go to church, start listening & get on the right path .
tones are optional!
You're welcome. Good luck with the book!
s/o ratzstar good look on the follow
Wired in mansfield is the cool place to play shows and hang out, welcoming arms, they fed us, and gave a great show and crowd. Thanks guys!
When best friends move.. <\3 .. I miss you
I DON'T KNOW! First I have to get a Prinrbot!
i just made one up. haha
Thanks so much for the #FF guys!!! Looking forward to the next Podcast!
I get to see you today!!!
- hope you're ignoring all the nonsense being delivered by the ignorant bandwagon fans. You're wanted. You're needed.
ive be planking all day!
Those going to #ala11 - any tips for a 1st timer on how to organize my time/sched? And no, i don't have a smartphone :(
APPRECIATE IT YO.
to the BBTF Team... Happy Holidays, we really love you guys, thank you for all the hard work and laughs. We are ready for an amazing 2012
YeeHaa anothah scorcha in the Big Peach. Head down to the Cow and cool down with a Frozen Rita! Sissy is making mean drinks today!! Giddy Up
Tip of the day: If you dont want to wait then alls you got to do is show up not on time.
We aim to bring relevant speakers 2 U MT : such good timing for #SMBmad topic (SocMed for B2B). Just had call abt this yesterday.
:( Everyone wants football season... WE HAVEN'T EVEN HIT PLAYOFFS IN BBALL!? Wait til Saturday and then we'll talk. We'll see how Lakers do.
To all my family at LPU Breakthrough VII in Puerto Rico... you guys all ROCK! Now, let's walk on some fire!
Hey sumi. Do you have some magical connection to get the D3 collectors edition? Freaking site canceled bf's preorder.
With baby out and about and shopping :)<3
French Toast, I like you...I really do. But for once can you PLEASE prepare yourself?!?! It's not like you're hard to make...but this bed..
You are just like the GOP; RUDE! Don't try to bully Debbie W., wait until a MAN comes on to get forceful! Won't happen!
i'm excited about attending #alamw11. downloading the scheduling app for my android now. great job ALA
Has anyone ever got suspended from skool? And if u did was it bad!!!!!!!
Follow my friend he needs followers
Not jealous. Betrayed.
into the world of confidence, absolutely!!! which is no small feat...I can't comment on the content of your talk :-)
I am extremely happy that the 1.2.12 videos will be revealed tonight. Bad journalism & ridiculous speculation has nearly drove me mad
what?? How'd that happen? Praise God!
more like the land of disenchantment! Never hated driving through a state as much I did NM when I moved to LV!
' Sure! You two are fucking sexy. Wait! I just called my sis sexy. Eww ;)
we need him for the finals against OKC though. Even though , with LeBron, theres always a chance Lol
Yes!! We Should(:
I saw that name and almost vomited. Thanks there buddy! hahaha. Feeling better now.. what brand r ur wheels?
I need to make a conscious effort to keep myself from showing complete strangers pictures of my dog on my phone.
haha, word!!! That i will =) when you in Dublin next? Im hoem in two weeks, we should go for some beers =)
What I do in Math class.....
le Evan @ birthday
Ok bye. Nice talking to you too!
As I read you with my mouth and my fingertips - like berries you color my hands, like wine you stain my lips.
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 13 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I changed my username so instead of it's now just lettin' ya know. (:
Chinese food, movie and cute Nick #ilike ;)
They are probably the heaviest of them that are still melodic anyway. Very awesome! :)
Had a blast at Norton 4 Day Fest! How bout you?
This won't matter a year from now
Didn't take long to encounter today's first Dumbass
Anyone have big plans for tomorrow?
"I didnt even do anything abby did everything. I'm just dirty and sticky."
Heading to New York to meet 5000 amazing firewalkers ....ready to transform lives.
no way! I was about to claim that beard perk, then I saw it only gets you a moustache. What a bait & switch
From more than 200 brothers of the Eta Lambda Chapter, we wish all of our friends and supporters a very Happy Thanksgiving!
eat tums like candy to neutralize your stomach acids
declare sacred time a yourself and others
why do you guys have the same tweet?
Haha, please thank him for the laugh!
Someone needs to copy the blue c sushi restaurant model and apply it to dim sum, hors douvres, and paleo meals
come Friday with us Seth
I want to see a stadium for the Beavers IN PORTLAND! Still think the RQ is the best, but otherwise, why not the post office?
I always have a cold during istep.
Music can bring back so many memories....good or bad.
I blame it on all those "cool" Fosters beer commercials
yeah :( I have to work at 8pm on Wednesday I forgot. I'm free tomorrow after 3:30p or Friday after 3:30
waiting on that cute good night text since I ran out of wine -.-
Hey you can be one of those summer-sweater wearing office ladies!
bad for the tequila right?
Shoutouts to Warbeats for posting our videos in their "How to Sell Beats" tutorials section! Thanks for showin' love!
I'm greateful 4 all the beautiful tweets, tonite!! :)
that's what's up mr councilman “: Yes it does. More to come! Our Home... Our City... Our Future... #tonytonitone”
aw well feel better soon lol
ig ill go to church tomorrow ....
i want informations :D :))
So Pissed Right Now ! .
I just need one beat....lol
yes, and fervent Caps enthusiasm could be called "Capitalism".
Amazon # on Winning More Business in Financial Services has already moved from 5M to 100K overnight (release date 7-6). Thanks everyone!
starting to freak out about going home for the summer.... hmm....
It's those moments only I know about that I'm starting to regret or just hate The most. This is stupid...
its not that people don't have self respect with what they wear its just that you're jealous cause you don't have the body.
Shout out to all the guys still rocking them colorful ass dickies pants with the button up to match.
Certainly agree with you, disagreeing with the author No! Reflective ≠ pompous.
You think the dudes you with is with you?
I hate people with fucked up teeth.
Just so you know .. I don't follow people who say "F4F?" or people that say "please follow me, I need more followers."flw me I flw you.easy.
Trying out hoot suite
I thought you'd like it. :) mine better be of Niall.... ! Xx
:D I love that song
Got the #TiVo going and catching up on #BL12 while getting the low down on
For Mother's Day my 83 yo mom just bought herself a new tablet. Go Mom!
Made a new friend. Created a new fan for and My day's looking up....
happy valentines day ...!!!
Also, the food atlas shows a correlation between soda (or in MN pop) consumption and adult onset diabetes.
RT : he had 14 seconds to create a shot but settled for a contested 33 footer <== he just hit FOUR of em!!
I was really gonna do it all too, ask her to it, buy tickets, buy flowers n all, probably rent a limo, dinner etc. Sounded fun
Coming Jan 2012 POSTGAME/CCHA offensive player of the week- we are very excited about this partnership - #gr8teammates please RT
You and me together nothing gets better.
Hey justin i know u wont see this but im still saying #NSN i have supported u since day1,it would be a dream if u followed me.
I've been looking at stuff online at Hot Topic to buy and so far I will have to pay $272.46 for all the stuff I want. Shiiiiiiiiiiiittt. 😒
You could always just opt for apples with mustaches. :)
comics are about fantasies of superiority over sexual insecurity and death, so... there probably aren't any. I'll try to think of 1!
yeah the black jelly bean liquorish is gross.not my type of candy#just had a to say now that i was eating jelly beans..:O)LO via
was finally useful for something she helped TeamRaw win at Mania!
Wishing you where in Arizona,
you're a sexy beast and i love you. that's why. :)
Someone at ExFabula tonight said they fell a little bit in love with me based on the story I told about
Im in a RAWR kind of mood today haha XD
That feeling of getting your anger out>>>>>
i'm curious at what you think my professional life is like?
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo? Hit "like" if you are.
• Yes. TOO EARLY for this kind of talk. Especially from someone who knows baseball.
Hi! RT : Hi Leslie! RT : Chartreuse is my absolute favorite color -love to live with it and wear it!
looking good!
"I start with a novel and then I compress it."
love when people meet me and tell me after an hour i should have my own #realityshow because my life is that unreal
Enjoy life today. Don't get caught up in the worries and anxieties of life. Breathe in & out & say "I trust you God."
beyond adorable!
We die clutching glasses,filled with liquor when blasted,when I die last wishes niggaz smoke my ashes, #OutlawImmortalz #O4L"
Address me as Boss Bitch tramp
I followed can u please follow me
30 days from now I'll turn 26! Damn
God i feel bad.
Follow back bro
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
Oh the red eye to DC for less then 6 hours......hoping I can sleep on the plane.
haha just got home. figured id just go right to bed so I can wake up early :)
Got my mom's Mother's Day gift and it revolves around...peonies. They used to grow wild at her grandma's house. Theme gift!
"...and I called my parents right after I was done." I could go on forever! It's pure gold!
I am hoping good news comes from big meeting about my art , will let you know how it goes good or bad !!
that feeling is honestly the worst!
BC Eagles!
Love is like a pizza, if it goes bad its still pretty good :)
list of most expensive colleges, No. 6 overall, priciest in D.C. at annual cost of $53,340 ( annual: $53,275)
where do these anchor men live?
well my friend, White Zombie to rock out to, but zombie as the first day back from holiday ;) kinda yin yang thing
what is the skirts length, and what is the event?
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you're a firm believer in earning respect before you gain it
All u can eat! Not!
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE meeting cody, alli and tom was the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE just wannted you to know!!!
Don't you love login scripts?
do you think Matt Barkley should've been in NY for the heisman? Also awesome job in sports final. Dvr 4 sure.
Thank you, Larry. HEARTLESS sounds GREAT - I'm certain I'll enjoy it!
BIG DEAL: Arizona has an anti-deficiency statute which prevents a lender from suing a person for any losses on a home after foreclosure.
good context for church bank debacle; missed the angle about the role of the mother church; nice job though
Did anyone see people think greg mcelroy scored too HIGH on the Wonderlic test? Anyone want a dumb QB?
This is a season of new expressions. Be bold in this season.
my new leopard print body pillow is so amazingly soft
Super awesome!
Now that the weather is warmer I think they will
hot rod is such an inspiring movie
I wonder what I'm going to cook for dinner.
Thank you =]
are you rooting for the #Caps tomorrow b/c you live in DC or b/c Thomas is a douchebag?
You're over it, so everything is okay.
“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.” ― Albert Einstein
it came out today
MUCH better than the first one. Up top! LOL
Yep, they all had the black sharpie
I could get this project done a lot faster if I didn't keep taking breaks.
M&I Sponsors INHP Homebuyer Education Class and Neighborhood Bus Tour
Reading/Berks county peeps, would you go to the center of the city to buy custom letter press items? or cool hand made clothes?
aww, thanks! its been entirely too long! hope everything is fantastic!
When Stretching Is A Bad Idea
I'm in love with :)
apparently I injured my foot this evening when I fainted. it's quite sore. I seem not to have hit my head at all though, so that's good.
Join us for Sunday Brunch, reservations for parties of 5 or more, delicious All Organic Vegan Juices, Cocktails, Specials & Full Brunch Menu
I woke up cuz I had to pee && now idk why im tweeting.-. bahaha
All I want to do is play League of Legends.
Welcome to the world of social media! RT : Big day for Pleasant View...we are now on Facebook, Google+ and Twitter!
Damn he had to walk from Ritz to Godby 😔 I feel so sad for him
Many thanks Brian! The bad news is that I'm actually younger than you by at least 6 months...I wasn't born in 67...
for real all d time
Da way Deez young niggas dress now is borderline as hell. U can tell who dad was in the house growing up . IJS o_O
If you own rental property in/around Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property taxes. How to know for sure www.mdtaxappeals.com
Knock A Niqqa Down Have My Mans Take The Case.!
yes - to me it's interesting not just for its stated purpose but also as a site of study re scholarly practices online
Pittsburgh today for Highmark US Olympic planning session. Cool brand on the verge of doing big things in the space.
S/o to let us hook your hair up so you can be sexier being the funny man that u are
Hahahaha. And if he's going to knock Dr. Seuss for content and structure, then clearly he's not studied poetry and verse.
We can't wait either...:)
That would be me..
Happy Birthday beautiful! ;)
These mfs devoured my cake smmfh
No hangover here...went to today to do some yoga. Going to be sore tomorrow.
..and I just bit the inside of my lip. -_-
palisades with Antonia
Everyone go follow he is a boss!!!!!
Crying my eyes out :'( sad finale...
:( that stinks
More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent. - William Ashley -- Knows Ebay ()
#GRAMMY'S
Had a great experience with today! Phone fixed and got a fab new case!! Thanks guys!
Agree. blocking is a slippery slope. Better to educate, provide guidance and roles. Some framework is reasonable.
Polls are now closed and I am watching Everett Township officials count the ballots. I will find out who won soon! Wish me luck!
Here's hoping you avoid the hypnotic orange glow of Jersey Shore wannabes and kiss someone with substance or that special someone tonight!
I need to just buy them all...easy download on the ole iPad
“: Nashville, Boston, Baltimore, finally ny. Lucky dude” dang. We were getting nervous!
yea i kno bout that. but ive been hearing rumors and i was.curious if anyone else heard anything.
I believe it can hold 40-50k, so no, but the idea is that by adding another PAX you spread out the attendance a bit.
You lucky bastard! I wish I could go.
No that's okay, 20 items or less really means fill the whole cart. and yes, feel free to pay with 12 different credit cards.
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities". Ralph Waldo Emerson
this job... "did you happen to find any illegal substances in the bathroom this morning" uh, no?
When someones breath stinks but you don't wanna hurt their feelings , so you just hold your breath while they talk..
I just have to tell the world... Our staff is pretty wonderful.
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you...
Damn it, you will NOT make me tie my credit cards and payments with my mobile phones. I refuse!!!
aw damn she on that
Focusing on my new business venture this week. Finding people who want to build long term income and get healthy! People are fun!
follow me cause I love yu more than gummy bears
That's what I'm saying! I definitely disagree :)
California is one soggy state right now, bummer! Well... gotta go work on orders, have a great day my twitter peeps! xoxoxo
Have you ever wondered if your mom had just got done giving your dad a blowjob right before kissing you goodnight? If not, you are now
I know you are! Get me these records. Rico sent me some tracks a few days ago that are fire!!
response! I have kindle. So my books are with me wherever I go. Love it.
It's Friday! #FF You know we love you.
she is so awesome
Happy Birthday from the home of Boise
I think Itunes and Amazon are great. Are you for or against SOPA & PIPA?
Hey guys. Add me on skype: RodzVieira
leaving for san fran to see my family in a few hours. so excited i can hardly sit still.
I was a huge fan of the robot. Really showed the power of kickstarter as well. It was cool to see how far everyone had come.
i thought we were eloping?
I've had to block several this week already. All they want to do is argue, NOT worth our time!!
Good friends are like hot chocolate on a winter's night. Gives you that warm, cozy feeling. Better if the friends bring little marshmallows.
Heart attack on tha radio >>>>>
#linsanity #knicks #lin are back tonight and under the bright lights. Snap pics of your fav linsane sign and submit to
tweet tweet tweet
Certainly my favorite-named tool. Little ashamed to admit it took me a while to realize it was named that bc it's made of bone
Congrats! RT : Come see us we have a shiny new "A" from the health inspector. congrats!
Wake up, school, home, sleep, Twitter, eat, workout, homework, TV, sleep. Than the cycle repeats.
Thanks for my Followers... You're amazing !!! ♥
pure strength there
Heinz Productions is casting Extras 4 MTV show The Inbetweeners. More information... e-mail .
Awfully quiet day...
on your place's like that? Me too. Suck, and more pretty slow lol than there
They broke one of ours
Ladies come join us for the viewing of Basketball Wives Reunion pt2 at 8pm!
I hate the europass CV format. It makes CVs harder to evaluate by encouraging applicants to list irrelevant details.
Worst game I've seen the nuggets play this season
might pick up that st Vincent single. Maybe some t Rex and uncle tupelo
I think you could have helped than in the net, but then again, you do hold the NCAA record for quickest goal against!! Ha ha!!
i feel like we are just chasing atlanta on defense. can't keep up with them. c'mon boys. that's not your game.
Off to AC for debauchary with the ladies
can't seem to sleep. GAHH!! what else is new? 😖
Listening 2 songs her voice is adorable and so she is.
I have two hours between classes mon/wed/fri and I still somehow manage to be late to my second one.
Everyone should follow and he follows back.
Thank you for sharing my dear Manfred!! :) <3
hope Romney doesn't try to sing some Elvis or some shit now. But he might have to.
Feature story: Assembling art
I loved Lola and the Boy Next Door. Do you follow your fans?
#PalePeopleProblems finally a skin color TT not intended for black people lol
Some good quality/value - lighter side of
Ten Years! An Amazing Ride! Goodbye Harry Potter...
glad to see u r swinging back to Tigger:)
FUCKIN WHITE FOLKS! srry white ppl
Favorite license plate of the week: NOONAN. Probably because "IT'S IN THE HOLE!" won't fit on a plate.
Traveling to #Disney with #food allergies tomorrow Any last second tips?
Dude is jogging backwards...wtf?
No matter how sleepy I may have been: please forgive me for mis spelling Leslie Nielson! And again RIP
heading to crafty ladies beer club at highland tap and burger! putting together a story on it for this Saturday
i know hes gonna win eventually but it just bugs me that he thinks hes the king
Will you be my girlfriend? A. Yes B. A C. B
RT if you love Thomas Miceli c: OUR BOYZ ARE FLAWLESS.
I find that people are overwhelmed and even with encouragement, don't seek out info on their own. They want it delivered.
party over here wooop wooop! Lol happy birthday boo ! 😁🎉🎈🎂
today was a very relaxing day off............back to work manana!
Cooking for someone is also an act of affection. Ordering delivery for them is not.
Dinner with and some of the NV and KY eyedocs. Hope my congressman wasnt bored with the shoptalk!
And while we're on the topic, isn't the role of vs. American media a more interesting discussion than the tired topic of tweeting?
So does Roger Sterling, you know.
no problem honey , it will be okay just believe "be okay"
To the car dealer who told me not to bother getting all wheel drive b/c Indy NEVER gets that much ice/snow: Guess I made a good choice, huh?
that's why i'm trying to find a car, hah.
thanks... I've always wanted to visit (and run) in Spain.
I can't believe Austin is moving to Miami now its really impossible to meet him now :(
can't wait until you get to Houston!!!your the best britney your my role model!
": I rather be an outcast than to have what these people call "swag". Sounds pathetic."
Ahh this better not be some shit
I'm at West Lawn , using their wi-fi to download apps onto new Android tablet, *This* is why we should support libraries..
oh yeah!.... I'm hanging out with her today..... HAHAHAHA
lol he's 24 jerk off and Im only 28. I got him into the show 4 or 5yrs ago.
I'm craving fried green tomatoes. They won't be in season for at least 3 more months.
RT M so good. MO money mo problems. All about MOI. MOIS a sound to cringe at. MOIST *rain on clothing* remove clothing* skin
Wonderful! Can't wait to have you all with us :)
I GOT AH BIG DICK SO I RUN SHYT!
The Red Sox are looking for OFs and have a deep minor league system. Hope the #Brewers are at least checking what they could get for Morgan.
fo sure dude
; there you go, talkin bout u miss me so, that u love me so, why I let ya go, there u go cause your lies got old, look at you, there you go.
The single remaining Mountain Dew and various other items--everything on the lobby table is up for grabs! #THATCamp Games
I think I might be sick! I'm gonna overdose on robitussin in the hope of getting better.
Cedar Point on the 25th.... #hellyes!
Booking up fast for Summer! Engagement photos, family portrait, Pregnancy, Weddings, Senior Portraits...
Were toying with the idea of starting a charity revolving around those uncashed small residual checks. What do you think? Please RT
Email to get on board for special deals and free picks!
indeed, I might be a little smarter than that
It's a more common issue with girls than guys that is.
If you don't work you won't eat... plain an simple
Time to twist one up. Hood morning freeworld!!! Make sho yall thank that man for wakin yall up.
thanks, have always enjoyed collaborating with artists (& you are one of my best results!)
Watching the boondocks with my mom
Lovin what u doin my brotha. Definite respect. Came across u from ya cousin Nell... much talent in y'all fam. GOD bless - 100
yah I saw that
LOLL silly girl I heard what I heard and you said what you said :)
lol we going to have fun
#GoBears beat Colorado
Mangoes atop a mammoth watermelon! Me likey! Question: where does one fit a banana?
no because you no come to NYC. Miss you Andrew... RT Because you're annoying? ; )
the #youeverwonder master
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
THANK YOU! Buy purchasing our items online you've helped to fund our mission of preserving West Virginia's musical heritage!
miss you dude!!
Fixing up UI for #webservius - CSS idiosyncrasies, browser incompatibilities... would be so much easier on #Silverlight :)
The text I woke up to this morning > 💙
are you the dj?
Watching all of 's #rosebowluw videos to get fired up for tomorrow
New levels in Angry Birds Seasons! Huzzah!
If you see me don't say hi lol jk but yeah I look like shit,
Its 1:30 am and i have to wake up at 6:30 for skool, ugh
Watching crazy, stupid love... For the third time!
When girls are in love they come up with every excuse to cover up what they bf do....smh
This shouldnt be funny, but it is so funny.
singing Tupac verbatim...makes me smile. Thanks
A few of us are out of town today! Is there any other time you could?
RT if you liked
It's quiet. Too quiet. Where are all my callbacks?
Loving U more than ever, MTV Movies Awards & Jimmy Kimmel ziplining, you have been so fun to watch, LUV YA DUDE!!!!
im still fuckin chopped
yes you are!!!
We are currently in search Commercial Litigation Associate with 3-5 years experience.
Hunger Games has finally been ousted from the top of the box office, with Think Like A Man at no. 1 last opening weekend....
No spending ANY money no time soon. Tank birthday coming up soon!
Christmas Everyday Clothing is alive and well!
Clarinet Studio Recital Tonight. Students of Caroline Hartig 6 PM!!!!
I didn't expect them to get up and dance. :-) they have to protect their family as we all would.
You are welcome. Do you conduct colored pencil workshops?
Excited to be going to the #nsta12 with on March 29-April 1. Stop by our Booth #2238 to see our amazing science collections!
I'm glad Obama rejected Keystone XL, but don't say it's not about the "merits of the pipeline" when it clearly is, and should be.
": Me too QT : I want a diamond grill for my bottom teeth lol" they sell em errywhere down here bruh
again recommends the boxed wine!
Just watching out for you ;-)
Not understanding your email newsletter about UUID's (and the problem). Can you send more detailed information?
It seems Green Bay and Pittsburg brought their weather to Dallas!
"This definitely rates about a 9.0 on my weird-shit-o-meter."
“: Ray lewis 'is this my last time as a raven absolutely not'”
Network (1976)=The Best Christmas Gift ever. The golden age of cinema will always be for me late 60s - late 70s. Swoon over Faye Dunaway...
Got to 200 should I post a nude pic ?
Q: Why is air a lot like sex? A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
2 years for Plaxico, that's crazy given the circumstances.
One of the few Christmas presents I got ..Lakers vs Chicago ...rose vs bryant
Chinese mathematicians knew about Pascal's triangle at least 900 years ago. Do you know the Pascal triangle?
Always great information.
That made my day, Jonathan! Thx
The Sonoma tourism board just called... They want us both back for a tasting next weekend! If only...
your beast (:!!!! you got justin bieber planking!!!!! lol (: godbless you
Twitter on my Blackberry isn't updating boo
I love Hollie's voice...
Atlanta Falcons branded jet landing at CMH for what?
Tx u so much, have a great weekend!
DISH Network's Hopper and Joey system is flying off the shelves! In a good way, I mean. :)
Morning tworld! Not really wanting to get up, but gotta be productive. Hope you all have a great day.
Facebook ain't nothing but street gossip and Twitter is a popularity contest smh
Why can't I sleep D: Goodnight World <3
Being taster for Taste and Tweet is experience to be shared. apply 2day at TasteTweet.com. it's fun and tasty Plz RT
drake performance tonight can't waite
thanks man!
Going to the movies tonight. I'd be lying if I said it wasnt for the large tub of extra-buttered popcorn.
Once you've settled those bets with your friends, make sure the loser knows he's OBLIGATED to buy the first $9 bucket of domestics on Sun.
if I saw you on the street, I'd hand over my wallet and cell phone and plea for mercy.
f**ing great!
For those that have a Chihuahua or other small breed dog, is your pooch trained to use the potty outdoor, or do you use potty pads?
RT is the bomb!!
RT : Ya'll have any t-shirts in my size. My master got one and it rocks!
Kristi!!! Thanks girl!! How is it going in JA, I need to catch up, way behind on blogs with this daytime job!
does this mean our local hangout is off limits now?
Does that mean u had respect for it at one point?
i love you so much!
Excitement is brewing for KCOM class of 2011.
At the Milwaukee Waves game. My first time at a Soccer game.
The RKPR website got a makeover! What do you think?? www.rkpr.net
If we win, we'll split the shoes.
10,000th tweet goes out to Jordany Valdespin whose first major league hit tonight was the game winning three run HR tonight.
I've ate all day today.
If you have to get a ride to the movies then your to young to date lol
Can't sleep for shit..hmu
": "You get bored... you just wanna eat." #WeightOfTheNation" bored, sad, stressed...and so on
The production thats on my album oh yes its official
Man im bored some one Dm me
just a little intimidated. just a little.
new icon and BG
Sweet! I can't wait to see!
Just saw this one, OOPS!
haha...ok i got you
Chatting with of - - you have an amazing associate here. Let's meet up for some Mexican food. : )
If your keeping score... Lavo Brunch 1 million points Dennys ZERO.
you can't get on my level my level is private
looking forward to Il Barbiere di Siviglia tonight ! Good to be in NY....
U.S. appeals court overturns a 2010 decision that absolved from having to police for media content that violated copyrights
is on fire!! Go
“People don’t want quarter-inch drills--they want quarter-inch holes.”
well I am off to dinner with the parents. Ill be back on later.
Happy Birthday to the best mom ever!
He messed up tha whole day!!
So you love me?
followed you back. ^^
your welcome
NAWL. I gotta go home. Like...IMMEDIATELY.
Job hunting by myself :x
Yo my usual crew must have went to sleep on smh but its kool
Gotta admit, that's pretty funny.
“: it was backed up as far as I could see either way. My bus stop is @ Urbane & turns on 9th.” At Olive & Howell
i'd keep that screen shot for police evidence one day...man!
Mord Fustang tonight @ Neon in Phoenix....this guy IS electro!
longhorn is the shit!
Freddie Boom Boom Washington has good pipes
#shoutout to new followers #appreciate God Bless
One of the things I love about this. Shows our historical biases. Will be introducing lesson on biases soon.
Not from The Onion. RT : PETA whale-slavery lawsuit against SeaWorld dismissed. Judge rules 13th amendment applies only to humans.
Wat it do
“: These 1800 Tequila commercials are the worst.”- The Disaronno ad is much much worse.
I'm going to the fair ! :D aha
Our latest display is about computer crime and computer forensics. Can anybody say "steganography"?
well not really but hey can you message me ?
Thanks Mishy! Love u too! Xo Happy Mother's Day to #htc moms! And can't forget
Shes paying for my taxi
I saw that Kobe lol
MariAna peed all over me while watching the Oscars
Great visuals, arrows point to reason for helmets and penalties for head tackling!
thanks Russell! We are working on a mobile version...hopefully it will be ready by June :).
Have to watch replay ... but whither Gemologist?
heading to an assembly plant
I'm here to talk if you need anything just text me
Girl you look good when you back that ass up!
It's sad when the main thing you're looking forward to all day is the library being open till 3am.
I doubt there are many Thunder fans in NY though, so it's not too bad lol. At least its not the Lakers.
Yesterday I gave an impromptu 100 second presentation about baseball. Can I add that to my CV?? :)
its good. Im actually moving to seattle. Im heading up this weekend. How are you doing?
RT I swear this girl mama on 16 and Pregnant ignorant
followed, follow me please
er.... "less than double your rate"
Going home to do laundry and to read for my test tomorrow.
you guys are amazing! awesome customer service! thank you!
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
From the cosmos.
i cany do nothing *george lopez voice*
Man, those guys at were blowing up my twitters today! Good work, gents!
Wow I feel like crap and I can't sleep yet. :( fun.
its okay Linde doesn't love me.
let's just hope it won't be like your Chicago show where everyone almost died because of the heat. Haha
Nice meeting you too!!
Cool! My dad told me about it. I wish there was more in the U.S. History category. Maybe they'll add content.
What were some of your best or worst instruction sessions or reference questions if you don't teach?
called hyponatremia (low salt) eat something salty, an hour youll feel better
And then you suddenly realize how miserable you are.....
Waiting for that response <<<<
I don't think stopping identity theft is easy, but having identity theft protection and restoration services is the key.
Do you have a spare cave i could hide in? I'm not really up for today.
RT : A4. See your job as owning your own biz and your employer is your most important client. Then ask how can you help.
just you. Lol
Stenson's early meltdown leads to a traffic jam at the top after #Masters day one. Rory's birdie-birdie finish has him in a great spot.
your up early... I just woke up like 10minutes ago, I'm going to school -_-
those people you just wanna hug, <3
Praise the Lord for you and your friend. We have standard teaching guides but personalize the lessons to fit our kids!
can we expect any accumulation of this beautiful white stuff here in Bloomington?
I woke up refreshed this morning, with plans to write 3 pages a day. I've so far been a writing machine. I've already met my quota today!
To be fair, longtime Onion fans said the same thing when it left Madison/moved to New York
I  you too girl. RT : I love youu ❤
Rob Curley: "delighting your (web) audience is a delightful thing"
Who HAS met Austin?(:
Not to puff my feathers...but I'm looking fierce today.
This headache is going ham on me shit 😣
i miss your tweets sweetheart
I will let you know. Going to try it w\ DDBA spring team.
Your callin other dude pretty as if you're not LOL!!
now it's just rain. Yay Seattle weekends!
The 2010 was the most successful gala yet. TY 4 ur donations & support of HD!
who the fuck were those guys ?
Thanks! We're all part of the same team! RT : Some of my favorite teachers!
Can anyone produce a training video? Sure -but pros help w/effectiveness, editing, shots & make sure you have a msg w/value added.
about to do a interview With Nbc
Part 1 was freaking awesome(: a fantastic thing to read as soon as i got home(:
Last year was slow on all work fronts, this year I'm blessed with an abundance of opportunities.
omg such a good episode
Who's got some love for Matt Moore?!
oh my I love the pic:)
You do know that being anti gay marriage is the same thing as thinking black people shouldn't vote, right? You dumb fucking cunts.
Be Tight and Follow me!(: #YounggMoney<3
@ cora, yet again he tweeted epigrammatic sallies equable
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1970 "ABC" by the Jackson Five was released.
Day Ended Great !(:
I'm worried about it, but I've always been trying to save like it wasn't going to be there-but many others don't have that luxury.
aw baby<3
Going to jam with pops on some blues and hendrix. Using the Strat today!
can u follow me please
The least expensive way to manage risk is to avoid it or transfer it thru the use of hold harmless agreements and indemnification language
“: "this isn't how we taste" - swedish fish” (:
working outside downtown and enjoying the weather!
hahayourealizethatyouhavetobuythebodytypeworkouts also in the app which is a rip off compared to just buying the DVDs alone
I don't hate LeBron but it was awesome seeing Granger stand up for himself.
Why is it that everytime i go on twitter, #monsters are tearing people apart?
For sure! The #Bachelor is a great escape from real reality. I never miss it. What do you think of the season so far?
"I want DONUTS. Big, fat donuts. Out on the road, Kent uses 'em for floaties."
Four questions for interviewees to ask (modified from radio prog heard in summer). I often found interviewees didn't have good questions...
is attempting to program her brain to ignore the freezing cold temperatures. It's not working yet.
liked that movie. good pairing.
- I don't think so, I would have remembered that for sure =/ Sorry, you just lobbed that one over the plate... haha! ;-)
Got mine at target in madison... Try there?RT : Anyone know where I can get an #ipad2 in #MKE? Is Radio Shack carrying them?
Thanks for the great RT today. Hope you have a wonderful week!
I'm #Dead . Lol
I'm too sore to continue with my new workout routine which I only started 2 days ago. owies.
When a hot guy offers you help and he gets so close you can feel his breath tickle your ear.
how're you bby
The way I take things so personal sometimes 👎
Turn left!!
come visit us soon! The cookies are on us!
Long time no peep howz the lady?
In my world all of the guys from 1D are appreciated ! I love them all equally ❤'
RT : RT : We are so happy to have the amazing on our team! EMBRACE THE CLARITY!...
So when do I get my "I survived Irene 2011" shirt?
If you think your lonely now... um yea lol
Excited for you, girl!
AWW I'm sure theyre not plotting revenge all the time,some of the time theyre probably just holding a grudge haha
SO TRUE. every time the used comes to Seattle I end up getting super schwasted/ too excited on life. haha
To date it's been Wine Steals or the PL Brew pub...soon, it will be Stone Brewery @ Liberty Station. Complete with bocce. Awesome!!!
Amaretto in Full; Speak, Campari; Goodbye to Sazerac; The Beautiful and the Brandy
interesting - it is a new definition to me. But a nice perspective.
Sushi!!! Green Tea!!! Happy camper!
Today is Marist's Relay for Life event from noon until midnight on the waterfront! Help fight cancer and create more birthdays.
my parents are visiting today or I would jump on that offer!
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
RT : It'd be cool to support the Columbus Crew with all this newfound soccer passion everyone suddenly has...
I just saw socks and sandals guy. I swear, it was him. Wool shin high with Kee ns.
happy birthday ! Have a great one (:
oh hay Gurl hay
#10FactsAboutMe I love & . Don't like it? Unfollow me girl.
1 Peter 2:13 Submit yourselves for the Lord's sake to every authority instituted among men;... Hard to do at times, but needed! I'm learning
Did you get us a video?!
Always so cool when I return to twitter after a long absence, to see familiar folks - makes the world seem safe, yanno?
No working on the weekend!!
I fell asleep at 6 yesterday and im just now waking up.
hey whats up!!
what's goody old friend?
Mr. Go Go Green is taking over! Follow me on twitter for green tips, Go Go Green 5k run/walk updates, and where I'll be next!
on my way to 's house yeeee
Congrats to Ken Hedrick & Ryan Butler (Tulsa office) who both co-brokered a Tractor Supply in Indiana this week!
Lol, the problem is my dad takes me to school, so I'd make him late, too. Doesn't quite work.
no ima go w Tim if he asks me out, no doubt
I didn't delete any.
Lol, idk what I was thinking. I could never change my username. To many memories(:
So since we moved, and timewarner decided to be stupid, we switched to satelite cable service......
People say I'm lucky...I say that I'm blessed
I hope E. Tangradi will have a big game and Simon Despres will show why he SHOULD be in the lineup all the time. Lets Go Pens!
I like your style!!! A little B.B. King flavor!!! Wow and only seventeen!!
wish i could be there too! think you all will be explosive together!
RT : Used to think late night was only time for #writing. Now love being 1st up (rare), coffee, birds, words...morning!
consider other peoples: lives, backgrounds,family,struggles & dreams.
it is in March. My brain has already moved on from January :)
Hi all..sorry I'm so late but had to pop in to say "HOWDY!"
What's the best multi-effects floor unit for Guitars? Suggestions?
yea i guess its easy to blame jmo. he's frequently intoxicated, easily confused and doesn't have a twitter lol
- whats it called?
Heading out to make the most of this nasty weather!
they really do.
thx for the add
Please don't go.:/
going to lunch with a random czech man to help him practice his english.
Yeah well I should quit rambling on at you, I hope you have a great day beautiful & Thank You for listening.
Looks aren't everything
thanks for all the RTs! Glad I can share valuable content!
Watching Leaving Las Vegas and searching the bible for the word Songbird.
yeah. Got passes to a screening through work. Awesome!!!
And when u said u HATE me That's when u lost me
Congrats to for bein my 300th follower! Now he owe me a cold pop!
Can't believe I'm actually at a 10pm movie AND it's scary. The Thing.
why do you think we're not making ourselves understood?
So it is NOT true that you are divorcing?????
thanks for the opportunity!
Having a bad day Wbu you guys?:)
and BTW twitter is the new facebook.
great agme! Good luck @ philly next week!
<3 thanks for coming! I had so much fun
#MyFirstYearAtJCSU was definitely a learning experience. I learned to keep my mouth and my legs closed...SMH.
#IWishYouKnew how much I miss the old you ...
Sounds pretty pro-business to me. Why GOP not clapping?
I haven't either.
Filming a movie out our house! This is going to be interesting. (: I love acting though...
Have you ever thought about harnessing all the energy generated from your classes? You could power your own studios!
my step sister lives in Germany and luvs it!!
If you're in #SF,order by noon tomorrow&we'll guarantee you'll have your SF > LA t-shirt with you by Xmas Eve. www.WeBeGreater.com
wow, congrats Philip Humber with the 21st Perfect Game in History!
i give up !
who's down for Phil's after? #pussy OnDemand
some of us are weekly Chipotle regulars here !
#yogawednesdays shud b killed in iowa to many flat bottoms....thanks for ruinin it CF
Apparently #SDPD is giving tickets in childrens park for laying down. Regardless of attitude re. #OSD/homeless, there is a priorities issue.
Until you confront your giant nothing will change and yes you can Love God and do 90% of the word but that one thing and you will be stuck.
in staying far away from Riley I hear she has a good arm
Amen! My 12-year-old daughter knows! Lol
lol oh gosh , nd why you at a expensive hair salon O_o .. hoodshops is good too lmbo
You like it so far? I find it awkward that my work is pushing it on us, but yeah...it correlates 2R demographic. ;)
Has anyone ever used Amazon's DynamoDB? My rackspace MongoDB is eating hard drive space like a fat kid eats cake.
If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up.
Working with Green Screen, Teleprompter, and a really bad cold. The show must go on!
Oh. Yeah, now that I think how about it how else would he have known?
hopefully something healthy because right now...at my desk...there are A LOT of cookies...the life of working with chefs...
YEAH RIGHT !!! Lol
This game is closer than two butt cheeks on a straight guy at a gay bar.
Not gonna lie, it took me a while to realize you didn't mean the band.
Keen.com
What up twits...
Wait, where? You lie.
I'll DM it to you
yep u just took it there
Is hype that is on the game tonight love u Gabrielle
Chilling at home on a Sunday. Law and order and video games and pizza! Loves it!
last call to win a free ipad2 tonight. www.playffnow.com
Can we please stop using euphemisms like "transmedia" to refer to "shit about videogames"?
Headed out to Need some canvas and brushes. Haven't worked on anything since got here. I feel inspired now.
It's raining in cincy but never under the union terminal dome! Go 2 Center!
Random News: Kareena Kapoor hurt during an action scene of Agent Vinod
Thanks a lot and i'm looking forward to seeing you.
Wow, is it just me or does Paul's Twitter avatar look really skinny?
Interviewing Jeffrey Snover and Jason Helmick
Interesting videos.
thanks. where do you come from? :) And please follow me back. be my 300th follower please? ;)
then there really is no point in going
just underscored the importance of parental involvement in their children's education
We are OSHA & HIPAA Compliant making us one step ahead of the others. We are your best choice for Medical Courier Services. 877-527-5737
Don Omar is coming to the #Copacabana this Friday night!
Green before building / a change in our perception / why is this scary?
Waffle kerfuffle today!.
street team coming soon!
good morning
Say Hi to Abe for me!
PS interview about his global health experience will be up on my blog this Tuesday! #APRNchat Good night!
Getting my road trip on with 
Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a memorable one :)
“ federal programs= all our money (taxes) so why not reap the benefits and is only giving me bak my $$?!
Party people San Diego! DJ All Night
I don't blame you! It's so good! Hahaha.
Thank you for the support!
And that familiar feeling off being numb creeps on in
Supercommittee: You could have been heroes; risen above differences for good; shown us the best in human nature. Instead, you failed us.
Shout out to the homie and playing against each other 2nite
“: Makes me think of Minus The Bear meets Head Automatica & Facing New York! Very impressed..." Kimbra knows Facing New York?!?
beautiful writing!
RT : In "terrific upside" news, Milwaukee's fantastic Juniper Tar will join Corey Hart on 5/16 as Nick's proxy.
let's go Giants!
Cookies being Baked Reminds me of Daycare from Childhood #onereasontoeat #ChocolateChipCookies So many Smells So many Memories
What was this??
this makes me sick to my stomach RT Police say Texas eighth-grader killed after ignoring order to drop weapon was holding a pellet gun
Hi Cindy, we're here! Do you have any TEFL questions for me? You can chat them when you're ready!
can't wait to hear y'all and im anxious..but I'm tired and got to be up at 5:30am..:/
Just ran into Spicoli from Fast Times @ Ridgemont high. He works in a bike shop. If this guy says 'righteous' one more time I may be on CNN!
my heart hurts but imma fucking the shit outta love!!!!!
It's a feature not a bug. ;)
Completely forgot today was a short work day
Please no more bad flight tweets!! Hahaha. I'm sure I'll have my fair share when I get to LA.
hahaha AH Ryan!!! This makes me love you more!!!!
50 mile ride
We need to talk. Like soon.
And now to watch something else. Anything else. A DVD of Partridge Family episodes seems like a good idea at this point.
Accept your flaws with the same grace and humility as your best qualities.:)
- Well - no birthday Oreos for you... Unless I see you in Denver tomorrow
awready, I didn't know if it was true so I had to ask you I know u got the inside scoop n shhit lol
so excited for Atomic Storytime!!!
Amen. That's right. He is an awesome guy.
Do why did you say it like everything is saying is starting to make sense
hi im new to twitter could u ask justin bieber to follow me
What a gorgeous spring day 88 degrees, sunny. Hard to get any work done! But lots to get done, so back at it!
to sleepy -,-
I have made theater and art memberships a priority in these past few years. I love it!
“He that can have patience can have what he will."
same here usually. experience tells me that you are just gunna get in trouble much after that.
Watching Ridiculousness! Its the episode. ITS EPIC! XD
Thanks for the shootout. Happy friday!
hahaha I guess so
Black Cat Classic Espresso- This syrupy sweet espresso blend has been the staple of our lineup since the very beginning. Supreme balance...
This Woman Will Be The Next CEO Of IBM (IBM) via
So you know, I would have cracked skulls due to that gross oversight; had them comp. order; & furnish a Limo for trek home.
I get mad when I say hi to sumone n they dnt say it bac....
Your welcome. (kobe voice)...RT : kobe tried to tell y'all.
We can always send more bacon roses?! Hee Hee...
Yo man! Just got migrated to my new twitter handle. Hit me at
Birthday dinner at #GranvilleCafe followed by #ThinkLikeAMan! Turning 40 is great so far!!
bLO's made you angry! must be too hot!
...because they just don't think! Airspace between the ears. 8-/
Don't make me smoke up all your Kush, don't make me pop your cheap ass pills.. I use to do this for the thrill
I might have just bought myself a very expensive present.
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!! If your mom is NATURALLY BEAUTIFUL CLICK LIKE!!
Did you read "Starcatchers"?
I swear I'm nothing wit out my friends!
Did dis bitch jus say texted ugh.
But you don't! RT This week sucks...
Sometimes I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me. But I know, if I had the chance to, I wouldn't.
thanks Jules!! Xo
Hey plz hit the follow button plz I'll give you a cookie if u do lol IDK well hit that button plz plz :):)
maybe you would like me :)
np, love Ella, much respect for admiring her too! xx.
"These nerds... are a threat to our way of life" - Revenge of the Nerds
"Disenfranchisement is a bogus argument"...What?
Ron Brooks Bills Jersey Nike – Buffalo Bills select LSU CB Ron ...
you're such a badass!! Call me :)
mobb deep quiet storm
Oof. Bright Eyes meets Mumford and Sons isn't a great idea for a band
That may be the first mention of Seoul in an SOTU since Eisenhower.
Routt seemed to melt down and have way too many penalties during the second half of the season
Been counting down the days to the pre- Cinco de Mayo festivities with TODAY!
My drunk cousin
There are some people I know I should never ask 'how are you'? They are never happy or feeling well!! So I ask 'what's going on'?
"So whoever think they words affect me is too stupid, and if you can do it better than me then you do it"
I know me too :) I miss you
your boy will be home on Friday night...we should plan something for Fri. or Sat. I would love to take your $$
New Years day is always a pretty boring day lol.
#thatoneguy who just likes to be with his girl and see her, will always be the happiest and have the best relationship
or, better yet, help build the research tool
Im probs guna call u at like 1. just in case u were wondering
80 percent can look like 100 so aim for 80.
Life is to short to not do it!!
haha you won't even know it's coming!
go to www.WeAreSuperheroes.net and we have some links on there also
Volchie better be okay
labelmates #ADayToRemember are leaving Victory, whats next for you guys? and when the hell are you playing MN again?
": Yahoo!!!!!! Just submitted $100k grant through work for praying it gets approved!!"//so awesome! Praying!
I'm tired af ready to leave but I have two hours til I go
I'm right there with you. Adventures by Disney would be fabulous!!
sorry we were hacked! Hope you did not click the link in the dm you got.
Tea Party = anarchy
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words
Budget redecorating is always a nice unintended plus.
:c im sorry
6:30-7 range. We're glad to have you!
Let's kick this thang OFF!!!
after following a lot of the cast i had to start The OC up again ha love it!
I'm gunna go deaf, I blast my head phones to the max.
VERY MUCH SUPPORT RT : It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek - show your theater, drama, art, and music teachers some love this week!
Do you get an error message? Does the Camrecorder.exe process close down completely from task manager?
: ruin a friendship? Methinks not. Stuff happens!
always RT : The gum in my mouth got mixed with the cracker from communion.
Sorry I missed your tweet! You saw & I on TV during the game?? Crazy! Great game, and our cheering helped!
Milwaukee, get ready. Cities will burn, mothers will lose children and trivia will happen. 7pm tonight, at Red Dot. Get your Schlitz on.
ahaha trying!!! we are busting our asses!
FEAR nobody BUT god !")
I get you, lol the tellys were the best part though. And no one died like in those creepy ass videos
Follow for the latest on youth using tech creatively
": #ff my best friends " MEMBERS<3 OMG.
Giordanos stuffed pizza is phenomenal. I ate WAY too much!
Sad commentary that Jon had to add the hashtag. RT : Sources: lackey, beckett, lester get popeyes endorsement deal.
I like 's quote he just posted.
Birdrock, University City, Bario Logan, Santaluz and North Park. out talking to folks all over San Diego today.
Going out with the crew tonight! Its gonna be a good one! Hope everyone has a great night,
I hate people I hate.
Omg i found i love this man!! :)
hahahaha yeah I'm pretty sure he thinks we're dumb!lol(;
Glad you liked the show! - The B Side RT : Phenomenal performance tonight, Sir! Really well done.
insomnia. filling up the water compartment in the vaporizer in hopes of fixing the too dry, can't breathe, problem.
Redneck optimism: Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
I LOVE IT! I'm definately digging the lows and highs. But your lows are just amazing!!! It's all so good
i can go if you want (:
My goodness. Only 7 hours left. People are still getting in. It's not too late (yet) for you too! www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Be sure to also follow fellow Buck Ersan Ilyasova playing for Turkey. He's been a BEAST so far!
I just heard you got into Columbia Jschool, congratulations!
Great photo shoot this morning and three more video clips edited.. Getting closer!!
Right now JaVale McGee is listening to some Drake song about being rich and sad and young and fatuous and being like "I FEEL YOU."
Why do I watch lost? Because I have no life thats why.
$150.00 back for 4 textbooks. Looks like I'm drinking Woodford this weekend.
- Great news to hear #Fastenal numbers, it's hard explaining that to everyone who wants to keep saying the sales aren't there.
Going to shovel some snow today!
This assumption about #leadership is holding you back: that leaders need followers. 0224.
Super Bowl this weekend!!!!!
Congratulations, I didn't get a chance to properly congratulate you and didn't see you after you left the table; you earned it...
Andrew Zimmern loves fermented raccoon anus, but won't touch walnuts or horchata. Give him a break!
yes sir!
I get a kick out the #lays chipbag proclaiming new bigger size while no mention new higher price
hahah thanks, you should have done track!
from boyfriend love to buddy love <3
The peace that passes all understanding is my song
Blake griffin that hoe
Yeah,the Beach House is pretty good.I got the vinyl which came with a download card(nice touch)).I hate LP's w/o download.
But the US doesn't have an official language to enforce...
I don't think anyone really cares one way or the other. The Heat cult is just a little sensitive. Haha
Ha, that commercial where the spider beats that one guy up cracks me up.
Will you please invite over?
Wuts all dis blue tweet stuff!!!!!!!!
Just tapped the broccoli cheese soup. Yum
If it wasnt4U i wouldnt be here 2day dreaming of what i want2do,being in ur spot right now,i know u wont see this
Glad to know at the end of the world, #Twinkies are still the best snack.
Day 96 of 100: I am thankful for being so close to the 100 :)
RT : Be sure to stop and remember today the man who sacrificed his life in pursuit of having a dream...
in 3rd quarter still?
Follow me(:
I went to see footloose with my parents. we should still go see it because i loved it lol. :)
DOWNTOWN would be a great escape RIGHT NOW or just some open road
What possible value could there be in bringing Peyton Manning back to the out of contention Colts in Dec? Let him rest and be ready for '12
Listening to :D
We are okay (just a little sleepy), but the car looks pathetic :/
Thanks for the links dude!!
why yes I am!
headed to Kokomo with the family today
K, so I have a choice between going bowling or going shopping and I don't know which one to choose please reply & tell me Wich one I shud do
Guess we won't be seeing a Siva massive open online course? :)
To me, #ToddandBlair ended on January 13th.
North Dakota is definitely in the top 50 when it comes to my favorite U.S. states.
Everything I've learned has either been from self-study or learning on the job. So, it's possible.
Yeah - that seems pretty tacky, and desperate looking.
“: studio time w/ and the other 2 that aren't on twitter! #stayZupa” get it get it
RT : Three Fantasy College Football Drafts are in the books, just one to go.
i kinda want to punch you if you wear black framed glasses and you don't have a prescription....
Aye get off Thomasville now...
Fucking drill weekend. Shoot me.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😳
puts me up a tree
I feel like one of the people in Left Behind that gets left behind. #whyamistillhere?!
In my view a non-profit that has track record of ethical service should manage the weatherization and block grants.
Student stabbed by another student at Cesar Chavez Charter School. More information shortly on www.krqe.com.
Virginia will host the 2011 Championship Game this Fri. against the two-time defending champion Locos at 5pm PDT, as league shortens season.
Lamborghini mercy, you're chick she so thirsty....SWERVE!!
Congrats to MOL artist Slow Hands... playing DEMF this year! Hash tag omg.
cool. From what time to what time? I'll just drop by then.
I'm blazed at McDolalds and my order number is 420. Wish everything in life made this much sense.
Hi - any word on whether there are weekday lunchtime rides?
that hash tag made me do a spit take. Haha!
Mix the wrong feelings together, the right kind of bad with the wrong kind of good, and you'll wind up with a total breakdown.
Wait for it...
I think twitter is retarded!!
I'm glad we connected on Twitter! Because communicating via #sm is cooler than talking to each other IRL. :)
yes! david yurman lookalike?
For those of you that didn't want to buy the Full-blown "Google+ Attack Plan" product (ebook, videos, 52 action plan and cheat sheets)...
Well, I bought three dresses, a belt, and sandals, and I do not feel any better.
Thin "lifeless" tone?...try some flatwounds on your bass,they are old school "voodoo" ask somebody!
#shoutout #JaySki be home soon.... HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum
Sure... like, the post is the axis in which the offense runs around. So, that's "post oriented," right? ;)
This room is on overflow wow super wifi super hot today.
Oh - Geordan can't hold long pass for what would have been a try
Za'atar not just a great word.
Even if I asked; you still wouldn't want me.
Stained Concrete Flooring Metro Atlanta www.AcidStainer.com 770-380-5277 High Gloss Marble Look Basement Flooring Atlanta Ga Custom Designs
This goes without saying, but I sure hope Tsipras is not Obama. The last thing Greece needs is a misleadingly charismatic pacifier.
I'm still planning on writing the #lawschool Rules of Un-Civil Procedure.
In the process of due dilligence for launching a family friendly media company
Hello hello Good Morning followers! Have a great day! Xoxo
Damn im too excited.
Can we make him depressed again? he's so much better when he's depressed
smh black folk...
You don't need anybody that does not need you. Focus on those who truly appreciate you & get rid of those who don't.
Tx for the favorite!
Racing to the end to get my buyers closed by tomorrows tax credit deadline!
to see. Specifically some friends from Louisiana are bringing a show
RT - - Jay Rankin: I ain't sleeping. Im just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.
gotta go Thor, Hawkeye (obvious reason), Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, and Black Widow.
Want better content mktng? Focus on the 3D's: devlpmnt, discovery, & distribution nice, insightful post from
Love your body -- nice light hair, pecs, six-pack, face. If only I were closer to Toronto, luv for u to do me...
The only thing I Hate is Hate.
Long path from the past summer on mgf, easier to compliment you here.
They say I faded I'm a "stranger" Nah I don't want to be bothered FUCK ALL YOU HOES I GET MONEY $$ - that's my persona
Shitty wind is gonna piss my dick off today.
New Costume Quality Kids Dash Costume
Next 2012 Challenge field announcement coming soon! HINT: If he looks like a Duck, and quacks like a Duck...
the man and his music is coming....loud and clear
Desperate much?
love ya more.♥
I want to see a scholar's death match. | “: Just struck me: 's "religion" = 's "heresy."”
sounds good you won't be disappointed, yummmmie
Listening to: Living Room Songs by : 7 songs in 7 days.
Half way through season 2 of Mad Men. I've got a long way to go to catch up. *sigh*
exactly, it's using the common sense we have offline to build your network online. Be genuine, honest, helpful, likable, etc
I Think im getting the hang of this little shit! lol #swag ;)
Happy #veteransDay Shout out to all the #veterans that got us to where we are #today:) #thankyou!
I love the weather of Florida. Stormed really hard this morning and now I'm sitting pool side in my swim trunks and flippy-floppies!
Thank you so much for the MT the #jazzday concert last night was a phenomenal event to see, to the future goes
and you are one of the best at relationships!
Does he sing to all ur music, while u dance to purple rain, does he do all these things...Like We Used To<3
Ah, no clue why Facebook links aren't working this morning...
Though if we're naming stupid shit after tragic historical figures now, that bodes well for my reggae/fusion band, The Dred Scott Decision.
I left my glasses in my glasses case in my tennis bag at school
more interested in yours...
I've gotten one (:
You was probably thinking. oh yeah... thats whats going down(;
So because some people wanna hate on the jacuzzi pix of me thats up here on Facebook. Im going to start a smash or pass album.
Speaking of split ends havnt had a Banana Split in years. If it gets to 95 today
went to the ER and everything man
The lightning blazedand the thunder continued to roll for some hours
She'll bring out the best and the worst you can be. Blame it all on yourself, cause she's always a woman to me.
Well, your daughter's so cute, and I'm sure her Birthday will be a lot of fun; Mother's Day can be fun too..you'll be ok :)
can't figure out why the radiator keeps ticking
Teresa's brand of crazy officially has become not entertaining - this chick is in need of serious therapy. And an English tutor.
I want to see the avengers so bad !
I follow you and
I saw you but no hug? 😭
tnx i followed can you also follow ill follow yhu bak also
please please please, reply to this tweet, and yu will not have to reply to any of my tweets. "How do yu jump so high?????
now you are equally as lucky
when i don't know what to put on, i put on built to spill.
The only time u should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
“If you want to feel rich, just count the things you have that money can't buy”
Thanks to twitter you can connect to fellow Laker fans. You're in hockey town.
Biz op in Amarillo! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Remember half the people you know are below average.
hoes mad cause they not in my shoes. bitch im doing something with my fucking life, wtf you doing? aw.
we missed the gangster rap part of the day?!? :( encore tomorrow?
hey buddy
Free Teleseminar,"Why you shouldn't make a New Year's Resolution to lose weight."Thur., 12/13,8 PM EST.Please Join Me!
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 14
Hey thanks for signing up for the #atthack Education in Palo Alto. See ya there!
Glad you put us number 1! Thx for your support/
How nice. Thanks for letting us know!
Billy Magnussen, aka Casey Hughes from #ATWT in another movie, TWELVE with Chance Crawford, seen Billy in more movies since #ATWT got axed
I don't know everything for the record.
Lying to herself because her liquors top shelf.
Everybody outside and it's cold ... wtf man
So proud of my cast and crew this week on our Adventure Week play - you guys rock! So excited to see how God is moving.
remember we talked about it before. Just want to get the full conversion ? Sucks cropping !
Just made the best salad ever!!!! :)
haha am i getting annoying ???
I'm foolin with it man keep goin!
that is a solid 18 or 19 inches man!! hahaha!
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.17
After going to Europe a trip to Oregon is like pocket change to you, right?
thank you for dinner tonight uncle
Who's watching stuff on the royal wedding already I sure am
IS IT TRUE!!? Is Dianna really confirmed!?
Egan: Techniques of serial TV used to rethink time and chronology
An uplifting morning!
Spurs win! #PuroPincheSpurs!!
#FF She's an absolute doll ... go check her out & follow! :)
that was one hell of a move and shot
Dare to be different, trust me somebody will follow .
they modify the NIC software so that it presents itself as a parallel SCSI device
Head still spinning from today's amazing HealthCa.mp. Thx !
Software Engineer (entry level) - Hodgkins, IL; www.bjorksten.com/careers
Thanks for the follow. Back at you... you've got a wide selection of information running through your tweets. Keep up the watch.
Blessed with another day of life.
haha! so what you doing over the weekened!
what are your plans for next Thursday?
I'll be home this weekend!!!
I loved Bird by Bird! Awesome read. Thanks for the reminder.
Gotta have brains and looks when you got a grown man.. Only little boys go for dumb bitches who ain't gone be shid..
fine I won't ugh.
how many truly good screens have you seen? Fly by whiffs drive me nuts. Read/adjust your set to beat their D
"I want to eat chicken ... not be a chicken." I luv the latest #McDonalds commercial!!
Fill in the blank! I <3 #SocialMedia because ____________ .
Thanks again for a great weekend Paso!
Nice work Hils!
yes damn them
is your station looking for interns, I am looking to do an internship for my next semester.
This weekend is my 10 year high school reunion. That is very strange to me. Considering going, but am unsure.
Excited to watch and and on #milliondollarlisting tonight! = #milliondollaragent :)
Happy cinco de mayo drunken clothing swap...day!
One of the favorites, Bodemeister, draws no. 6.
everything sucks during Summerfest. Except on next Saturday when we play. Hah.
Good Night! :D
no i was asking what did igomezgang tweet selena that c got so many hate tweets..:(
In math . ewwie
I honestly have to start disliking those who tend to hurt me or make me feel bad!
Treat Sunday like Monday and Saturday like Friday an see the results!
"lesbians are like lobsters, they mate for life." words of wisdom from
": "There ought to be a bonus just for being willing to teach middle school!! " With you there brother!" AMEN!!
always makes my day...or night:D
#WeWontWork if you cant kiss me in front of your niggas .
is sick....... my throat is killing me.
I saw your tweet from earlier an I wanna say I love your tweets an it doesn't matter plus haven't posted a picture before?
Wed. night @ TryOuts is drag night! open to all 18 & up. BYOB! Join us @ 5500 Babcock
No one ever get's ME front row tickets to :(
At home, with a cold, working on personnel policies and Gov Doc homework.
I CAN be a #nerdburger and get my shit done.
You can't live like that forever. I promise.. It will get you nowhere.
i know right me too!!!!
CD release kicks off on May 3 on Thursday. Amina Figarova sextet at the New Orleans Jazz Festival, WWOZ stage at 2:55 pm !
You know... I don't know! The Weekend Assignment editor is in later this morning. I'll have to ask. Thanks for the FYI.
yeah that helps.
New collaborative digital Beckett project features archived material from First module is live: www.beckettarchive.org
“ “ i'm really a ride or die type of chick . if your down for me . . i'm most deff down for you !””
yes, if i can get the hang of it....lol
ur lucky that u gettin ur braces of 2mm I'm gettin them on pretty soon
After I finished Murakami's 1Q84 last night I actually found myself checking to make sure there isn't a second moon. Nope, still just one.
Michael Lock is really funny talking about the #cloud (& his daughter's singing) Poking fun at c/s, msft and sap
Thanks for the #FF ! And thanks for reminding me that it's Friday. WhooHoo!
Looking for an awesome Sales & Marketing Manager for The Hard Rock Cafe in Memphis! Email for more info!
you really are a city girl now!
You are the Vice President of the AFL Alumni Association. How important is this to those former players, coaches, staffers, etc?
We will be cheering for our Pearland Boys! Good Luck Tonight!
should of stayed this weekend so he could see what cornyval is all about :)
ha idk bro, he has hits but I fuck with that song
Living in LA is like living in Candyland.
Haha I've watched 2 mins of this game and the lickers are 0-5 of fg and a kid got tossed and they down by 20+ AND Kobe ain't in lmao
Just got fucked 4 times at the bath house. My ass hurts...so good!
underground noise/ electro-acoustic performance every sunday in june and july at 7pm at Avant Garden, 411 Westheimer...
I hope this hot weather is a continuing trend! And the sun too :-)
yes! I have no idea where the whole wig-ripping thing started but it need to stop.
Q2: Chicken Soup
#WHATAFEELING Being the reason you won
Checked #gameofthrones out of the #library! Psyched to start reading it!
Boy: I heard you like bad boys ;) Girl: yeah Boy: Well not trying to impress you or anything... but I can swim without floaties.
manage yr arks via EZID and the update the target url...
Haikeet #5: does that bird mean me? / pointy qwah qwah ping my ear / "stop gaping and write!"
I'm not saying all laws are pure. I am just saying from a theoretical standpoint, lawbreaking = unethical. Possible paradox?
what are you referring to? I am far from being a fascist, which is our current state--corps control congress
bottles are flying. Someone go pick them up!
Picking up at the OC airport then lunch in Newport and off to A2!! afterparty tonight!! So stoked!!
are the best!
My last retweet though>>>>
Not a group sir...but an individual...Tevin Campbell...
I loved The Art of Fielding, too. Great Hitchcock quote.
don't ask questions watch it it's on insight under ESPN films
i love sushi
#CXO I could use a cookie over here.
nope I still love You You little bitch¥<3
I just said the same thing to my husband! He obviously drank some crazy juice!
Great inbound marketing session by at
Good morning!!! Getting ready to start my day. Hoping that everyday is feeling ready to tackle every challenge that comes their way today.
Top Web Development Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Launch of its Multimedia Services
Hey guess what... I LOVE U!
Probably cheaper and he already knows the system! Orlovsky instead of Garrard
wow I hate you
For the love of Jesus, pull your damn pants up.
Now tuned into !!! Biggup !!
Have a great weekend!
fixing people's websites, man so many people do it wrong...
In our imaginations we believe that love is apart from us. Actually there is nothing but love, once we are ready to accept it.
#AFROTC Det 150 pride! RT : Dr. Turner is now presenting the degree candidates, starting with commissioned candidates.
Oh. That's right. This is that time of year. Are they wearing matching tshirts? Fanny packs?
I'll eventually get over it.
Carmel Hospitals rolling out the RED CARPET to offer more heathcare options But Only if you show them the BIG BUCKS first
Mazel Tov! Congrats on the new gig.
Grr. The week before finals is *not* an appropriate week for me to be under the weather.
Girls With Ponytails :)
Proud of you man....You didnt quit and stayed strong...People gonna see whats up come Jan.....
Woot! The greenhouse is complete
dont know if i like my new avi. 😌
holla at me need help cuz
I really don't like those bees
Power already going to go out?
Debated Gibbs at Stanford U? Haha! You do live dangerously. :)
batting practice.
I also hope all my tweeps had a great blessed Sunday today as well. I hope u all stayed safe. Know that god is watching over you
But maybe they're battling a space kraken!! That'd make it tought
Bout to rock rite now @ Jazz Standards, 2 sets, 730 and 930pm...see u there
than start working :P
I believe we got the contact info for the communications person.
need a recent bio ASAP. Also, do you have blurbs?
Daily Infamy: Expecting recognition without contribution.
HelloJackie, I recommend for you and your mom Healthy Cofee USA, iNC. Much better product and easyer business Opportunity..
oh, ok i cnt believe this happened
Flips show tonight! Alright!
I want to read the one that rules them all!
will you ever do a COOL MORNING 3 with ?;)
Traveling using Smooth Operator for a GR8t buffed,shiny, healthy, natural nail look!
We are great thanks and what about u
I'll take my winnings now. Thank you much!
Wow, it's 72 out there. This definitely calls for an outdoor lunchtime walk.
Accident: Northbound 29 at Forest Lakes South
i could really use a smile right now.
Pulled BBQ in the crock pot Cold beer in the fridge, Off of work at 3
It is such a beautiful morning! Even tho I gotta spend the next few hrs at the MVA, I am trusting God that today will be a better day.
so true!
Some of these names are hilarious!
all i said was 'yeah like 10 seconds ago' I don't see how that's anything!
10:30 tee time tomorrow. It's going to be a GREAT Friday! FORE!
I went there last week for the first time and loved it!
Interpretive center and parsonage
slackinnnn in school
Good principals would tell teacher to create cool lessons and let the tests take care of themselves.
I need food. Now.
Where you from?
“: Girls that touch and hang off their boyfriends constantly annoy me ” yes wtf?!? Insecure much?
yes in deed! if only it was rayray!
nothing more pathetic than a girl who forgives a guy who cheats on her
24″ Storage Hutch – Series A Pewter Collection – Bush Office ...
Haha u welcome & thanks :))
I think I'm going back to Photoshop 7 (running in my win95 vm I setup for sim city) Adobe's been milking it since then.
#collegetaughtme that UCF stands for....FUCK ALL THAT SHIT....I'm glad I went...
Our magically colorful "Zelda" ocarinas come in 9-hole, 12-hole tenor, & double and triple models, with 3- and 3-octave ranges respectively.
♥ Hello loves .
Good luck with that. I know just how you feel.
THEY'RE SO CUTE
you read my mind though!!!!!!
Reading one person's conversation with 4 people about a car on twitter. Takes forever. + all his little girly friends
Thank you for spreading the word about the Hillsdale class.
que le sucede!
My baby better win
wep all you can do is come over one Sunday and check it out. I'm not on the team so I don't know how they pick songs
That's I'm? A toy?
thanks:-) send.a link
Just hadd get that out..
So Excited to read 'The Greatest Muhammad Ali' & 'Soul of a Butterfly' ! ♥
Love me some head a I love a bitch that like 2 do it
just like labeling someon a tourney player is wrong. we are all just madden players and thats it
haha awwh dont i feel loved, i miss you too !
S/O to Derrick Rose get well homie #BullsNation forever
Arcadia Farms was very inspirational and the Mobile market was the best thing I've seen on the tour!
i've been almost crushed by compact shelving multiple times
It was strange; I tried a different browser and it started working fine...Very glad it's back!
Whats in it?
of course! (:
if u had time to tweet about it, its not that urgent. Please stop blowing things out of proportion.
Man If I could see you naked, I'd die happy Man Woman Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
see you can't stay mad
Ten Tiny Taiko Dances = FUN! Come see the final show at the Winningstad TODAY, 2pm matinee! Tiny stage, big drums...
I'm Just Vibin' Though...
I completely agree! They're just trying to fuck the Villa over!
Awesome! So glad to hear it! Get in touch if you need help finding a #TEFL job.
It's time.... I know it. Time to kiss the world all over again ! ;)
Why is still at work? Yikes! I hope you're off tomorrow regardless of the most trusted name!! : )
We enable people to be great at marketing
Happy Birthday Pope Benedict XVI!!!
Ugh, talk is so cheap for most!!!
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Center for Healing in Harmony is a private therapy practice which uniquely combines confidential counseling w/ holistic healing methods.
now you have hurt my sensitive side
Grandma and Red, are here
WOOT WOOT #Pens Won!! Now I just need the Rangers to win the baseball game and my night will be complete
Restful Christmas Weekend with my Family. Now
RT : Parent Challenge: Ask your kids "What does love mean?" Film their answer, send 2 .
Any history teachers in South Carolina?
Certainly no need to apologize! Open Source is what we do :)
Ready to be done with this school shit! Atleast for now.
Let's play good idea bad idea.
Craving a birch beer float from Klavons
Just played hide-and-seek in the dark(; fun!(:
Got school in the morning uhh lol
teach me trig!!
Damn I'm trying to remember what happened Saturday night. don't remember any of these text :/
Having the best weekend. Sorry Monday, please don't come.
Give 'em hell Jenna, I have union meeting in 15 min, will be there when meeting over...Solidarity!!!
you said you love me but now ur flippin like reciprocals
cont...VEKS-3,...and many more!!!..4-10 pm,.PLACE GALLERY, corner,of MAIN AND CHARLESTON,..LV,NV!!!!
U silly! Hope you gig went well last night! TGIF! RT : Nevermind jerkfaces! I found it!
Imma do some random Shout outs :)
Missing teen mom cause the dish isnt hooked up :( hopefully will catch it the second time around
and she'll never be forgotten
Uh oh... Kobe has 14 points in the first quarter. It's gonna be one of those nights for him! Sorry Denver
Your friends at www.earth-saver.com wish you a great eco-friendly week!
Jinsu needs to run far away and never return.
Liver protection for cows at the start of lactation - All about feed
beatbox= sweet sound but painful on the wallet.
Sports diplomacy? A playing softball in Central Park on the British Consulate team.
Communication is the key to better health too! Shout out to #UVA doctoral student Malinda studying better communication methods!
RT with your weekend plans! Are you going to be visiting any merchants?
Also - people love to go out of their way to mess up the shot of an unguarded camera...
I know Rudy Gay got joked when he was younger. Worst name ever for a man.
the arena?
that doesn't sound too convinciing, friend
shoes! glorious shoes!
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
Listening to the chopped n screwed version of A$AP Rocky's mixtape
Tonight, coming home after stamp club, on the landing of our staircase, Is a roll of paper towels completey shredded! Naughty cats!
That should be addressed to and not Just saying.
that seems like a major hazard
": vegas im home :)"dzaammm (eyes cocked)
blsck ppl think if you say the persons first name twice youll remember them "you know kaya kaya!" "who" "kaya Kaya girl" lol
not tomorrow. on Wednesday
Week 16: Sun. Dec. 23 @ HOME vs. New York Giants (1pm)
200k iTunes downloads of "I Will Always Love You" since Sat.? Uhm, if you were such big fans, why didn't you own it already?
girl I don't know why aren't instagrammimg! Lol love u girl!!!!
#Wicker Park/ #Bucktown!! Download the #Greek4Good app on your iPhone and interact with the billboard at Ashland & Division
Indoor cycling is still not my friend..
I JUST DIED, SO MUCH SEXINESS
"Good Morning"...... Happy Friday...... its 86f. Out there already.... make Sure you Wear... Them Cotton Undies today! :)
Eastern Time kills me. But Central Time? I just fall back into it like I never left.
m i hope so that would be the best thing ever. Those boys changed my life. <3
um, i did, too. what have we become?
no prob! was curious. Who's giving the talk?
Working on the #Cigarette #Cinemas #blog. Hard takes. Informative interviews. Stay tuned and visit www.CigaretteCinemas.com.
Thanks for the mention, Del! And fun to see you getting in some great tweets! :)
Forget school. Let's just go straight football practice
Game Is Getting Married To Longtime Girlfriend Compton rapper Game finally put a ring on it.
Hey Jessica & patch team! I just emailed a press release with a Memorial Day story for you. Let me know your thoughts :) -Katie
u first
haha, it's not ONLY tacos...but tacos make up roughly 70% of that number. Eating out for two meals a day every day gets expensive.
..."nearly" ? hm...don't worry, we'll fix that once the season starts.
I ain't gotta say it I just understand
same here, would love to get just even one wilco ticket! Any stations giving out tix?
just relized every Jonas child has a twitter but frankie and all in that order too
thanks! so do we : )
I'm real sleepy e_o
Ok, finally out of my pj's. Morning of blissful nothingness over. Let productivity commence!
Cam Newton looked good
Ball so hard MFs wanna fine me! #That Shit Crayz!...
Definitely shorted the breaker and cost some of his work... That's going to bother me for a while
you'll find someone it takes time to find her
Wieters just missed his second homerun of the night by about 3ft.
if the texans are after a wide reciver to help Andre why don't they go after a Jerome Simpson or a Roy Williams
Did Country Music TV buy out TV1 cause these country shows keep coming on.
Apple Now Has More Cash Than The U.S. Government
Sure there is RT : There's nowhere else I'd rather be :)
this is a very cool pic
About to go to the market
Radiohead was fan fuckin tastic! Paranoid Android, Jigsaw, Lotus Flower, myxomatosis... BLEW MY (NONEXISTENT)BALLS OFF!
Aww thanks so are u! =]
Me too. They are so mouthy.
At this rate I am averaging two and a half glasses of wine per episode of #TheWire. I can't do this all night
My toddler is so cute when he watches 's Ruby's Studio!
Hope ur lights are ON! Checking in for the return of the USS Ronald Reagan.
I'm filling my fridge with pickles and Arizona's! Say something if you want to but I suggest you pack your lunch when you come over.
Does anything smell better than a new comic book or freshly opened pack of Magic Cards? I'll help you out, the answer is NO!
Its Hard Finding Something REAL ...
You Gotta Act Like A 💃 And Think Like A 🚶!!!
well what do you think about the book?
thanks for follow orange county will get Blasted soon enough
Better than i thot. RT When "Angry Birds" is played by an orchestra, the result is a Tim Burton/Danny Elfman production:
Ladies Rock Camp 2011 dates are official!: February 19- 21(President's Day weekend) School. more info: girlsrockcampaustin.org.
90 degrees here in NYC.. spring weather?? I think not!!
oh its a pretty sweet job, I tell you :p.
why thank you! Haha. :)
Yup! Exactly, as I figured.
He encourages your Thinker to eat more cheesesteaks.
I can't wait to have kids with Sabrina. <3
is Jordan Hill really +19 in this gmae?!??! TALK ABOUT EFFICIENT!!
says only 16 days 'til the Lobster Shanty opens for the season in Salem! Can't wait!
Boy oh boy getting up at 3am is no fun bout tho head-out to memphis,Tn
I end finals day with 2 hours if art..
please! maybe even a few regulars too.
pretty sure i said that first
So naughty....
I'm doing okay! How're you :)
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
lol. High priority EMAIL is an oxymoron.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you is determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jawaharlal Nehru -
nice! What school are you at?
!!!!!! RT : Um Ron Artest is just one big DUMB MUTHAFUCKA.
me: Hannah, we are going for a walk. Hannah: oh! can we go for a walk in the jungle? I pick the jungle!
I think the original has more levels.
#thingsineedtostopdoing eating popcorn in bed
The Autobiography of Maltball X
I teach my children to appreciate everything and count their blessings.
Hey peeps, please don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance now on
The only Vampires I fear are of the Christian Zombie variety.
we're actually just about to release the ep we just recorded, but we'll definitely keep you guys in mind in the future
So happy to spend the day with my Girly Ashley Gertz ! 🍻
it's obviously justin bieber.
If there's a difference between J.R. and Westbrook I don't know what it is. Both talented guards with nuthin between the ears...
"For who can know himself, and the multitude of subtle influences which act upon him?" -- John Henry Cardinal Newman _Apologia Pro Vita Sua_
i just LOVE when all my lessons go as planned!!!
See I love you but it scared me, you scared me.
Someone help me
What Up Wit The Studio
I'm good,how are you?:)
i felt like that on thursday night!!! its such a scary feeling O_o
Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
Idea: For next yr, all Balboa Park staff/volunteers park @ Inspiration Point & walk/use park bus to get to destination. Evaluate real demand
"Claire De Lune" If yal sleeping on this, YAL BETTER WAKE UP!!!
then that's the one I'm gonna get. (:
I'm So Hungry !
What did we do before we had juice boxes?
My mom needs to burn that new Abercrombie shirt she bought me.
pb, no j
I don't think I have had wine from Côtes du Forez, where is it located?
LOVE is all that i can give to you. LOVE is more than just a game for two. TWO in love can make it, take my heart & plzz dont break it.
C'mon Florida, beat Louisville!
uh, I hope so. Otherwise there will need to be a lot of explaining to do. ;)
I'm sorry I don't think I liked that melody for them it really didn't fit. But whatever still good singing and good singers
thank you for that. People don't realise the contradictions they give producers.
Eyes burn like cigarettes.
Just found out about Levon Helm dying. That is a real bummer. Levon was a true American Treasure.
I'm going to state and my boo going with me :))
I know I just read it lol. She better say something to us...
And this is why I followed Tim Tebow since he was a Florida Gator! He's an amazing person and player!
love it!! it's second season has been on PBS the last two weekends. the lead is fantastic.
Let's get physical, physical. Let me see your body move.
Songs that give you chill bumps >>>
I love the portable wi-fi feature on my phone...but hate that it wont let me watch videos on the bus. Boo.
PG () saying Harrison will play and will start
get out while you can
But their weapon cuold be used against them if we draw clear lines between us and them, especially with #occupy momentum.
We understand that every home buyer has unique situations and needs. As a result, we have numerous programs available to fit every buyer
in what city?
#GetOverIt cuz I got over u and moved on to da nxt one
How Was Your Easter Girl? :)
1st time I visited NY w/him - at a crosswalk with No walk him:Lets go ME: But its don't walk. Him:That means don't walk, RUN!
Lou Holtz Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
I guess the forgot these are just the friggin' Pirates!!!!!
IMC Continues Integration of Furniture Markets “Conservatively cautious good news” is the way International Market Centers CE
done and high fived the singer!
Hey be nicer to
It's a fact, Cuban knows how to building winning companies on and off the court.
Why? I don't know lol RT : White people LOVE Sir Charles!!!
do u wanna hear wat i got on
Hello Wisconsin. First snow of 2012.
I ate a burrito during my break and now all I wanna do is take a siesta.
A-Ma-Zing!
I love butter.
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. Women & camp life in the #CivilWar. $2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
#THATCamp_SE was cool last year. Looks like the next one isn't very far away. May have to check it out again.
Will do! Are the auditions still going on?
having not enough polos or real clothes
Seems logical to send what I'll be using on G+: johnlaudun AT gmail dot you know.
Jealous that is in Aspen working the #xgames ..... I WANT A COOL JOB!
Can't wait! RT : So excited is hosting his official concert after party 3/27 !!
"In My Room"
I'd forget someone, and it would be this big to-do, and then people would start fighting ... complete chaos
"he is meeting the prime minister of england at the white house today...via twitter...go figure!"
#fridayreads Finished In the Woods (Tana French). It's wonderful.
come on down I'll definitely be in till 3 or I can meet you somewhere after that.
YES! i would love to! that would be awesome! but is it okay if i send you my stuff from my other account?
At Rupp after back-to-back games, Washington Wizards would win over Kentucky Wildcats 70.2% of the time and by an average score of 85-73.
and we are thankful for you:)
Idk Dee but we need to figure something out because i want those jeans and im in desperate need of new shirts
It is surreal to be home visiting in Pennsylvania
Jacob Neilsen on mobile usability: When it comes to copy, short is too long.
“: RT : Pau on the state of the Lakers: "We've got to be as strong and united as ever."” AMEN!
Is a sweet girl! Stop The Hate! #Don'tHateAppreciate
there was a lizard on the hood of my car when I was leaving school...I freaked out. Just thought you should know
Nice seein u buddy, hit me up!
How bad is public transportation in Weequahic area? What should be done?
Just showed isabel the skype laughter chain. I have NEVER heard her laugh that hard. She cried. Wow
#AskBieber How do you pick where to go for the believe tour?
Braydon Mcnabb's skate cut Michael Grabowski's knee, bleeding.
What I want in my life is compassion, a flow between myself & others based on a mutual giving from the heart. ~Rosenberg, NVC
hey, thanks for tweeting 's post
Just discovered using textures with alpha channels screws with sculpties
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
Please let there be some major alcoholics on the golf course today!
😂 <---- my face when watching the fresh prince hahahaha :D
Hell no.
Anyone interested in running and/or brunching? I need some motivation.
haha! Thank you! Hubs company trip is here...so some of his peeps are here, he just couldn't come! ;)
Two more followers until 470!!
Haha I've yet to experience that.
I've been working next to Grand Central for 4 years and just discovered the food court underneath it....what's wrong with me?
In English we were talking about how we order chaotic situations. I live tweet.
plus i think liam was saying how much he niall hates smoking
The day I have been dreading is here. Fuck this day!
I'm kinda jealous of your date with Haven't seen that sax in months.
If ya don't like me, unfollow. I don't want 92739937399283 followers. I just wish for the people who do follow me to like my tweets.
Fucking tired of Mississippi. Almost to Florida. Finally. <3
Thanks for the props , and ... appreciates!
I see how tonight is supposed to play out: date night with self. #SoSuperAmped!!!!
Don't worry. They just hate you cause they ain't you. (:
And just FYI it is freaking hard to hang even a hung flipping door. Almost lost my noodles today.
you at PK?
The required 2-hr online training for organization leaders (pwrpoint WITH audio that can't be skipped) has sapped me of my will to live.
Redneck Dictionary EUROPEAN: Get out of here dog, European on my truck!!!
I WANT TO WIN the EYENIMAL pup cam from
Save us some seats at your church.
Totally agree RT I'd like to put a big red bow on the coffin of the guy who came up with those Lexus ads.
oh lord
#Nameafollowerthatyouwouldgivehead I promise I would dtm in a heart beat!
Indeed! Where can I get one?
It's a sure sign of a good time!!
Before you go to bed tonight, make sure you plan to come in for Monday Brunch tomorrow. (or just call it 'lunch' if you're working.)
Put These Bitches On Lock Out !
Lolol, that was SO longer ago when I wrote that. How you been
The measure of success isn’t if you have a tough problem, but whether it’s the same one you had last year. - John Foster Dulles
Celtics had that Metamucil before the game. All spry
Sunday? you go girl!!!!
playgirldotcomvan.com . That is all.
what's happening to your lakers?
aha I'll see if I can. And I thought he always goes to cryar to skate?
live my life with no regrets i try 2 show respect but u dont give it
#NFLNetwork vs #Espn coverage of #NFLDraft: NFL Network in a landslide. Actual analysis trumps Gruden's repeated "___ is a FOOTBALL PLAYER!"
#Browns gotta start out fast, beat back early wave of emotion from #Raiders team. Take crowd out of game early and they have a chance.
Rock climbing at red river gorge! Freedom!
Are you back home safe and sound?
I just wanna break down crying right now...
Scorpions will play June 30 at the new BMO Harris Pavilion.
Dropped in on this quarter's first hackathon demos earlier (thanks for the invite ).
it is bingo night Stef! You making an appearance?
USALLY I LOVE EVEYONES FUNNY QUOTES AND JOKES CAUSE THERE FUNNY
"The modern meeting is special" on making better meetings
#livegive yeah and peppermint as well i love peppermint ice cream this time of year i know off subject.lol
Just left Hummel Park, it was a nice start to the day.
Nashville is where it's at!
You listen to Star 100.7? You amaze me more each day... ;)
Lots of cool ideas coming out of the #nycsw feed too!
if landlords allow padlocks. Fire hazard/safety liability because someone can lock you in
Pickup and start Chris Ogbonnaya if ur desperate for a starter this weekend.
Went to today too, I suppose I can give myself the title of addict.
If you are the first of your friends to find out about us, please suggest or share our page with your friends.
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. Yogi Berra
MacScripter / Count Characters, Words And Paragraphs In Any Mac ...
RT Oh snap! just broke the news to the #mozinar crowd that we're launching social monitoring. The beta invite will open up soon!
In principle I agree, but the litmus test is whether you get dibs on Logan Center resources.
Thanks for visiting our great lighting showroom in Yonkers!
The intense feelings of pleasure and desire accompanying orgasm are mediated by the brain.
oh dear god, I'm glad you weren't lol
www.twistaid.com/news !
Definitely! Feel free to email us - youngsocialpros [at] gmail [dot] com.
I agree. I like him now tho cuz his shoes are dope.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 11
Can't beat a day on the lake like that, momma.
going to be bawlin my eyes out next week.
#rocketfizz delivery to the studio, that's how you start the morning!
#FOLLOWFRIDAY Happy Friday.
Long day...UUSC, a wake, dinner w/friends and now at Castle Greatskull for a Preterm benefit. Really cool drone music happening now.
Is the Ava Gardner man single?
Is there a new Family Guy tonight?
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others. -David Seabury
Proclaim that the greatest record in all of sports is the 56 game hitting streak by Ted Williams.
hello back!
Reggie Watts killin' it on Conan.lol
What happended to YEE, NSD, austream, tweeting all the time ? I miss the OLD Austin :'(
& I haven't even gotten the chance to ride with you & listen to your music all the way turned up in it yet.
Elmo finally met his long-lost brother: Emo.
Lovin' the new shirt, lady! :D
fuck it, get drunk
Happy Fourth of July!
Get started in the craft of #infographics & #dataviz by (). #opengov #opendata folks need to get on this.
Still in Virginia!!! We just got to Papaws hotel and we were about to leave and he locked the keys... In the car...
Love unexpected dinner invites from good friends!
SHOUT OUT TO MY CONFIDANT, THANK YOU! YOU ARE MOST GENEROUS! HAVE A TRULY BLESSED DAY!!!-Heather
Only prob with out of town guests in Balto:
Coming up in the mix on #fb next week
Yo mi just eat some jerk chicken n rice come like I'm in Jamaica star..the food.shot yo
Great comeback from
no YOU'RE my role model!!!! Frickin Sam I haven't seen you in 17 years!!!!!!!! I need to see u!!!
do you think the board forced him on AW due to his ethnic background
application SENT. fingers crossed.
I dont wanna wait for my lunch to get colder cause its ham and cheese ha ha ha ham and cheese.
I remember my first tweet!
“I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting to see if you'll make an effort.”
Ready for season 3 of #workaholics !
are u doing any ticket give aways for Jon Reep??? I love our hometown homey and seen him last time he was here in NC!!
you deserve it!
That annoying moment when you get a package that says easy open and you need scissors , a knife , a gun and a life saber to open it
The kid's dentist just emailed to say they are closing for NATO.
I highly recommend it, it will make you feel VERY fancy. It's all orangey and cinnamony and so sophisticated! :)
when is the next time to listen for a chance to win the one direction contest?
in da morning. Call me instead, I'm bored as fuckkkk.
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
So many cantinas and bars in the neighborhood and not one with a hard liquor license. Why bother?
our page just "liked" your page...
Fucking spawn of Satan
RT if you are like me and watching the superbowl just for the ads
#sockets and r in the building at #figure8 . :)) follow us !
Happy B-Day, hope u have an amazing day buddy!!
It's like DC is learning just now that sports fans are idiots.
"As above, so below; as below, so above."--The Kybalion.
I will gladly denounce my "no du rag" policy for the man who lets me wear my Celie twists to bed.
I just learned that owls can't move their eyes. They move their head to look in different directions.
3 of the most famous yoga exercises for weight loss
Santa baby, eat the rest of my cookies, please. Gotta live long so I don't push up daisies. Hurry 'cause I'm eyeing Christmas candies!
To quote Snake from The Simpsons 'Oh No........COPS!' which means it's me time to become Rachel's scatching post....
I've been so emotionally unstable lately I don't even know..
That would be nice TOo!!! But just landed in LA.
Ditto! RT <----- Not naive enough to question where his blessings come from
that's how we do!
Hey Phil!
I just read all your tweets. You're totally right. Agreed on ever single thing you said!
I get re-pissed about an old sitatution whenever I start thinking about it again.
The Hooded Menace invades I-CON! #MenofSteel at the Iowa Comic Convention. See the show in October
Mac and cheese nice needs a light bread crumb topping
Shakespeare was a rush and such an amazing experience. Now off to Grad Plays rehearsals!! Uncommon Women and Others. :)
“: It's hard to be a positive person when I'm surrounded by dumb motherfuckers.” Amen to that!
Apples! - Dr. Johnston describes nutrition for your teeth on this week vblog.
Dear Google, could you sit next to me during an exam? Sincerely, every student.
Once again, freedom if speech in question?! #Hank Williams, Jr made a comment-funny n my opinion- & the left goes wild!Ironic its ok 4 them!
they were a winner! Looking forward to going back when the sun is out so we can sit outside :)
3 day weekend YAY - have a safe and happy 4th of July everyone!!!
hey i hope u feel better
true but this isn't business its personal. Hard to ignore someone speaking of ur child.
T buckets in LF today batting 6th - time to give the people what they want
Yeah we are! Afternoon Dance Party on the Main Mall is happening... ;) See you guys tomorrow!!!
MY BIRTHDAY'S ON THURSDAY AH. I'm excited cause I keep thinking about it. Hahaha.
That is so so funny bc I have one too and I do the same thing!
I spent the last day watching #gameofthrones and now I'm a little bit obsessed. Thanks:)
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!
At Rave, last week! :) Happy St. Patty's!!
When in doubt, blow it the hell up - Words to live by, man... If you're a terrorist.
Aye Yo, looking at this Katana's on Craigslist, bahhaha
you have to admit that it's a hilarious line about making stouffer's lasagna for a girl you brought over
Don't see any connection between Steve Nashs selection Sunday experience & dove but it's better than the Frampton commercial so Ill take it.
Is u really proud of ur lifestyle 4real?...
Of course. I won't miss this shit.
Her GGI "brain-aware" practice of teaching in response to neuroscientists' interest in going into schools.
why you tweet all of us to tell shaq lol
Try adding Google latitude your child's phone then you will always know exactly where they are at
Results of Governor's Task Force on Unfunded Mandates? Predictable. Charged not to cost #Va any money, it chased "little things."
I had to turn on my air
I never want them to graduate waahhh :(
Super excited to have the Superbowl in Indianapolis this year. Who are you rooting for?
Jovial, enjoys a good conversation, always has free time. Rating: 0/10
PickUpLine: I had a wet dream about you last night. Help me make it a reality.
Eckhardt suggests that deal is not statutorily dependent on County support
bananas make me naucious.:S
#SongsThatCancelEachOtherOut Need You Bad & Bust Your Widows -Jazmine Sullivan
hola hannah banana(:
: We just won the Barbershop Harmony Society's regional contest in KC & will represent Stl @ int'l contest in Portland next yr.
make sure you go to Prague and get the street vendor cinnamon rolls!!
You're awesome! :-)
Thank you for writing about this! I'm glad somebody else is outraged as I am.
I guess that leaves me. I'll talk to the lady and see if we can make it happen.
Ready to be out of school for this full week I kno I'm gonna be busy recording though
Just got 1000 beautiful new CDs in!!!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW AND TELL HIM SENT YOU ! PLEASE :)
forget the cropping....post more regular pics like this
#UNCA Good God these refs are giving this game to
the brush expands
Finding a good graphic designer to help you with branding is essential. Potential clients can learn a lot about your style from a good logo
Of course! Why didn't I think of that?!
Drank by da paint dro by the pound
We are pleased to announce the launch of the new website for Dianna Duran Secretary of State 2010. www.diannaduran2010.com.
can I please just get along with you
Watching a documentary about the Japan earthquake/tsunami and learning about a similarly volatile quake zone off the WA and OR coast.
that's so true! And I grabbed your arm because you seemed like you didn't want a hug..
March is brain injury awareness month! A Traumatic Brain Injury can happen anytime, anywhere, and to anyone.
What are you doing drinking beer, milk and green tea? Tiss tiss ;)
kik is also for like ghetto ass people
Thank you so much, Juli!
ii want a dog..may get Peebles from Kee n dogsit for a while..she be neglecting her..kmsl
Passover in Israel. Had Pizza for dinner. That is all I could find on the menu. Real Bread pizza.
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. – Dale Carnegie
Is there a way to watch a tv show and listen to music at the same time while still paying attention to both? Someone invent that please.
cheers for the RT!
#SherlockPBS is dark, sharp & surprising! Keep your mr grey, ladies!
Why did this not exist while i was at OU “: 232 spaces in elm ave garage & 182 in asp garage. #UofOklahoma #parking”
does that mean you wanna bang? ;)
The mind is its own place and in itself can make heaven of hell, hell of heaven.
Isn't that a hoot?
Wave-Stars, Jr.Gulls-LJ Jaguars, OCHC-Jr.Ducks for A ... in addition to new NorCal GSE and Jr. Kings-LAHC. whew!
I should've done this more often! #NW a hour of #DragonballZ, while recovering from some Steak & Shake!
Nigga be heartbroken see his ex at a party and get next to the closest hoe & try and engage conversation with her just to get the ex jealous
Lucroy had a chance to really run Volquez's pitch count right there. #Brewers v
oh & the light shows, breath-takingly beautiful ;)
ok last time I tried something like this the lights in Nottingham went off, school children sent home, the Berlin Wall fell
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the code tweet and get a $5. discount! Good until midnight tonight! monumentalmarathon.com
thatmeans i won the standoff
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good. Dr. Seuss
School is right around the corner so come on in this weekend for your grub and suds needs!
We serve 1200 HIV+/AIDS clients in Cleveland. Want to help us make a difference in their lives? Attend on 4-16-11.
Playing in the creek @ bull run park :)
'Cause they're so dumb. I'm gonna be mad if I went & they don't even hire a student.
Another astronaut to follow as he prepares for his launch, Mark Polansky.
Awesome 4th of July weekend. Plus, I don't have a #hangover ;)
Im half tempted to clean this girls room. Its a mess !
#boxing #quote Boxing is the toughest and loneliest sport in the world. Frank Bruno
Ooohhh great idea!
If you are the smartest one in your circle, you're in the wrong circle.
DAYLIGHT PONZI SCHEME: Yo. If we set our clocks back every week, we'll keep gaining hours. You're welcome.
yeah!! Im fine
"It takes much more courage, strength of character, and inner conviction to forgive than it does to hang on to low-energy feelings."
Never be satisfied, strive for more!
G'day! I really enjoyed it. Jumped up & took on TT subject. Lol. I will be joining. All very supportive and interesting. ;)
ohh :D mhh i wish he would notice me :D
So jealous of all my friends who are at the Berks this week/end.
LIFE IS A YELLOW BAD BITCH I KNOW
did you have fun beating up rake yohn in haggard?
duh!! Of course you should! You know how amazing is!
lmbo Im not old & I LOVE THE 90s music its better than what you listen to
Woman:Ay Red Light ! (Italian Accent) Pauly D:Oh Sorry !! Rofl !! :D
O. Intrigued by band. Tweet out your review once you've used it for a bit? #pleazkthxbye ;)
Ironically, we're using screwcaps on our 2011 white wines.
My own belief in lack and limitation is the only thing limiting me
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Mushroom. Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Thanks ! One step at a time
nope u dont fuck wit me
Uggh, you kno what pisses me off? Idont even cuss thaat much, but when it accidentally comes out, its AWLAYS around the WRONG person! >:|
chorus rehearsal!
Cool -- I didn't know you were back here, obviously. :-) I already have plans tonight -- but let's make some other time soon
Watching "Lost Girl" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The only reason to keep cheese refrigerated is to inhibit the growth of mold.
#protip Always taste your drink before you leave to see if it was made properly.
has finished its new websites. www.heavehoproductions.com and www.newspirits.net
today l did a 3-point contest at darien lake, and l didn't make a single shot.
Head to Suamico Ale House in Green Bay (2310 Lineville Rd.) from 4-8pm today to celebrate a year of clean air here in Wisconsin!
Need Textbooks? The easiest way to find your course book information is to sign onto PatriotWeb.
Tweet about your favorite teacher. It's Appreciation Day! Mine was Mrs Brooks 9th grade. Encouraged me to be a writer. :)
I feel like I'm retarded when I'm running with a backpack on.
Super tired and I'm catching a very minor cold! Guess I'll sleep all day today! Ijs 
We're comin after you RT : LV Asian Basketball League Day 1: Lost by 30pts, got moved up a league...
Tickets tomorrow on Whip's show (1-4pm) for Cloud Nothings this Saturday at the Larimer Lounge
Up can't sleep
I think it has to with the mentality surrounding the party in 2012, combined with the tone taken in the video.
Bill Lazor - one of West Scranton's favorite sons.
Why are these 3 young girls getting on the bus at 9 at night by themselves???
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💡
before i go can we just all take a moment to admire how sexy looks in my icon
..find that funny and strangely appropriate. But what do I know. I'm at the plastic surgeon--NOT for a boob job.
Beat goes on for Le Roy, Albion school music programs - The Daily News Online
is anyone archiving this hashtag yet?
Awesome. Thanks!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson & Johnson Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
we appreciate you giving us a try! Hope to serve you soon
July 17th Sunday at 6pm Gerard Brooks in Concert Gerard is no stranger to Gospel Music he has been singing since the age of seven
You don't have to find clients when you use Google Places - they find you!
#1DFollowWE1DIRECTIONERS gotta get those tickets
Saw a great reading last night...great writing and acting...and sat near Jesse Eisenberg to boot.
My little hummingbird is chirping at me. Today is a good day :)
Just got my passport photos for my Japan trip!
#rewarding Dry Cleaning Business Can Be Rewarding
someone tweet me(:
Great way of putting it, I'd love to hear an example of one.
Good one Will!
man overboard makes everything better
<<< Thanks for the
See you there!
I tell him to put his claws down everyday
my pleasure:)
It's time for some alone time
I know I shouldn't be crying of such useless people but I can't help it.
$1 burger Monday $3 tall cocktails $2 miller deb has music on patio and sun shining
I joined the WiFi network via my Airport and entered new password, but am still getting "This we page is not available."
lol yea enough to get that Stuart scott eye open
haha I know, we're coming during 5th cause I need to get my ass in 6th period for that test and for you. ;P
I agree! “: Aw damn, He either cold or homeless! RT : this nigga got on two winter hats! #OMG”
Zillow Launches First Mobile App for Rentals
ugh. now all these spam twitters are tweeting me cus i tweeted something about a 'camera".
I say love, it is a hunger. An endless aching need...
However, babies stop crying when Alf yells at them to shut up.
Altering your entire night schedule to make sure your home in time for Austin's random ustream #thatswhatmakesyouamahomie <3
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it! ~ Jim Goodwin and/or Sydney J. Harris ~
When You Have Time Please Follow Me Back It Would Make My Life!(: Thank You Vinny You Really Have Inspired Me!C: LOVE YOU! <3
thats a dam shame!!! U are great man!!! Hope you make it big!!!
our pleasure!
False assumption that DL will plateau. There are a million new DL in the US in Fall 2009 (21% growth from previous year.
bored in class? shuffle! www.aaron.tv
It's #lunch time! Tell us, what Healthy Choice meal will you be heating up today?
that time i sprained my wrist on the bus it hurt lol
Who is the dogs favourite comedian? Growlcho Marx!
Going to go bowling with my friends later!
This Saturday, 28th from 4-7 come come help decorate signs for the #Cannabis Freedom #March! There will be snacks and beverages!
Happy PI day ABQ!!
Hazelnut Choc! ☞ : Congrats to ! Your Mexican chocolate donut was great & the Nutella one was out of this world!
HI... im new to twitter.
I think so. Comes more naturally to some than others. I'm a Libra.
Sittin next to
Feel like its going to be a tiring, but productive week.
Happy #Halloween everybody. Please be safe and don't eat to much candy.
Having a background in sales makes car shopping much more fun.
Hi , so glad you're on Twitter! Here's hoping for a plentiful and rainy year!
Forgetting to put the memory card back in your digital camera.
awwh maybe it was an accident, and haha sure, of course! :)
For the love of God, can we finally get some new maps for Battlefield 1943?!
i love jb
I wish that and I were both home from work early tonight so we could watch Game of Thrones at a reasonable hour
Man I bored need something to do.
taking care of buses for Kuvia is more of a pain in the ass than I originally thought. i just want to go back to ignoring this mess :(
That was awesome, go
Twelve thousand tons of radioactive water, two hundred million gallons of spilled oil. Turning the ocean into a big toilet.
nice kudos to William Burroughs and Tibor Kalman. little dig at TDR ;)
You must be enjoying this. LOL :) Hope this is your first experience. How old is your baby now ?
RT Hey Pittsburgh TNA T-Shirts Now Available at Angle Foods Health Up Cafe. 3100 Penn Ave Pitt, PA 15201
Did you see the trailer for that shirtless Zac Efron movie? Saw "The Vow" yest. & immediately added that to my "must see" list
Did I tell you abt Nozze at La Fenice in Oct.? Ended w/ Countess taking header a la Tosca!
Do you have any job openings?
if Denver is not a good destination for manning how the hell is AZ ... They have nothing ...
i hope so but they in trouble shooting horrible from outside and thats real issue,
Who wants to drive out here this weekend.. Stay at my house.. And go to LA vs OKC game 4 to watch the sweep?
I think it's time I cross that line. C;
Had the Crazyest dream EVER!!!! AH
Is a 24 on the act bad for Wustl?
Sex and the city movie. Yay :)
is it beef jerky time yet?
This is why you're (one of) my best friend.
HellzYeah I do ! Finally feel like I've arrived at the train station, which we'll just call DESTINY :) It's only just beginning
haha oddly enough I choose to believe ironing clothes while on is of course normal behavior for folks like us.
of course I keep a phone... Still the same number u had before
I am always scared to go on the tumblr app on my phone because you never know what you will see and who gonna walk by at that time.
A man is wise with the wisdom of his time only, and ignorant with its ignorance. ~ Thoreau
Another Nawfside Sunday @ da Ghetto Park!!!!
We're gonna have some dope summer sneak peaks REAL soon for you!
Yes this is a writing center
Faith is the fuel behind the action you take.
Say it again. My good friend and I do this. We tell each other the truth!
Finishin this Sundae from earlier.
whenever i get back to writing, that is. i kinda miss that part of it...
Former Cubs GM Jim Hendry named asst. to Yanks GM Cashman. Hendry to bring coffee & other goodies to the GM.
Donnie! You know it son!
M: love ur pix u keep putting out there!
RT : How many Facebook alternatives can we join before our mums notice we regret friending them?
Mark your calendars! Juilliard Jazz Ensembles are performing the music of Horace Silver on Tuesday, Nov. 1 @ 8PM at Paul Hall
ME TOO. Want to go to HH and check it out sometime soon?
I love all my followers(:
Hey my friend is opening for you next week, follow him bud !
I would pay $38376287397337 just to take a pic with 's toothbrush lol:)
It's always hard to say good bye to a loved one. RIP Aunt Rosa.
I love colleges that send you
finally someone wanted to do work on me congrats...
When a guy wears skinny jeans that are way too tight…
no doubt bro , your on the favorite list haha . Keep being submissive to the King bro !
thanks for the retweet!
;-) How r u? RT : The fam loves my Mac & Cheese made with #Cabot reduced-fat cheddar! delish!
he's changed so much! Hasn't he?
Fabulous holiday weekend. Back to work - but every day is a holiday when you enjoy what you are doing! Started the day with fast 6 mile run.
Snow!! Weak effort, Michigan, but I'll take it.
Thanks for the follow! Reached my follow limit until I get more followers. Looking forward to your tweets.
YEP!!! RT : Haven't seen Brett since Sunday night. Can't wait to go see my lil guy tomorrow night!! We need to move ASAP right
We had an AWESOME time! Thank you for everything. Talk to you soon!!
It's getting dangerous to like and share a product by a small company. It's like telling people about your favorite secret restaurant.
have you contacted ?
ok so here's your hamburger its duble cheezburger lolol
umm definitely! u let me know when you're coming to town!
"Vision without execution is hallucination" ~ Edison. Standout quote from inspiring 5mi run this morn with &
Regex Source Matcher 80app now supports group matching in the regular expression
RT : Need to remember which growlers I've been using for developer/fixer and which I've been using for beer.
Finally it's December 1st! The beard has disappeared!!
What about one and done in College Basketball? I may be jaded by my prior work at Mizzou but I just cant get into it anymore.
Jason: oh i see ur playing hard 2 get, I DIG THAT Me: -.- FRANK theres someone id like u 2 meet! J: :o
I love #TurnToYou soo much.<3 can't wait to get it on iTunes (: <3 I love you Justin.<3
Man, it feels good to finally be done with everything. Remind me to try to pace myself a little better next year :)
do you want to join rakes, Willis and Troutman tomorrow at the studio for the call in show?
STAR TREK never had anything that messed up:-)
3/20 RR Night, we’ll offer 2oz tasters of Younger, Elder, Damnation, 3 different Sours, Salvation, Redemption, Collaboration not Litigation
What a random retweet
Finishing up an Information Security project today and head for Bali, Indonesia for the Holiday Season. Happy Holidays to everyone!
Currently sittin in the Back.
Time will explain it all. He is a talker, and needs no questioning before he speaks. -Euripides
Following the drumbeat of the Self isn't easy. Practicing asking my mind to follow & serve, rather than race worriedly ahead.
hahaha thank you!
We actually got snow!!! I was getting tired of making snow angels in the dirt yesterday, so today is going to be a much better day.
hello! All is well here bud! How r u?? :D
. Definitely! is the best place to spend 4th of July.
RT : Pleased to note that I will be making regularly monthly appearances on You've been warned...
Yellow Submarine!
TY For the RT! XO J
- Lol. Too funny.
Jealous of everyone attending HealthCa.mp LA today!
Tuesday: All unsigned talent report to Club Pyramid, NYC @ 8P. Be prepared to start 2012 the right way, performing 2 of your best songs! $15
I totally just tried to RT you a joke about the Ravens all cool-like but turns out it was too long. Fail. But hi anyway!!
why do sundays freak me out so much? depressing day...well its technically monday morning here but boo anyways.
As hard as it is for me to admit it, I have to agree with Skip/SAS. Rose thinks all media is personal rather than opinion.
Steak and shake is disgusting
poor guy
RT :can't wait to go watch WICKED at popejoy this afternoon with steve and crystal!
Have you tried Sophie Oak? I'm burning thru her Bliss series now - hard to put them down.
Clustering is one way to address obstacles to identifying programs of study of current students.
Am I wrong to be sad that of 40 kids asked to create a list of unalienable rights (not in Const. or DOI) only ONE named EDUCATION?
I now have 1,637 items on my Amazon Wish List, most of them books. I will never be able to read them all. Yet I keep adding. Why?
thank you hun.
Has been set free...
Ready for the #Spurs game? It's gonna be a vs C.Paul MVP showdown Join #1 social network for #spursfans www.SpursConnect.com
thank you so much! where are you from?
may the force be with you.
Thanks, Really Appreciate It
Fallston vs Emmorton it's going down
Well they are all important but authenticity is what allows me to live free. Hawaii for 2 weeks in June!!!! miss Eleuthera :(
where did ya pick up that nifty akill
I love #TurboTax, but having its progress window blocking my whole computer screen for 15min is really annoying.
very cool. what instrument(s) do you play?
Preservation of digital books? There's no one in charge!
is not the Broski of the week? #AREYOUSERIOUSBRO!
Lunch can't come soon enough!
All relationships go through shit.But REAL relationships get through shit....
RMFT! ": This day is for the REAL mothers, not the "I wanted to have sex and ended up with IT" mothers."
The graduation of frat boys to frat men: when they wear socks with their Sperrys.
Follow me this sexy Saturday@ lockland bar grill 713 Wyoming. We goin in that 1 way. Exotic entertainment all nite
That is a beautiful cake! I'd be reluctant to cut it too, but my desire to taste would definitely win out.
"Got my keys, got my wallet, got my hot sauce"... Can't wait to experience #cascabel tonight at
Im just waiting for you to give me some pointers!!
just finished doing an interview with local radio station 107.7 FM promoting "Elite Eighth" It will air on May 13.
In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
Then what? Lol RT free your mind...
yes, yes. Need y'all out here :-) a lot to ask, hope you guys do
: Thank you for the nice compliment! How is the luxury dog business/
He totally does! And a Vegas singer too. #nothanks RT This kid reminds me of david archuletta,
I always gotta pick my fav driver mark Martin
XRadio Media Corp. Just signed a 2 year concert and tour deal with investors. Finally the industry is taking our brand serious.
oh ok
u live in Atlanta right now?...itz that bad??
My tl is so dead
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
I just wanna get to know a few. Not everybody. Mo ppl mo problems
Just so's we're all clear, Eric Church trying so hard to be a badass that he shoots himself in the foot isn't actually a news story.
I love how Zayn Malik has a huge gay following just because he's completely flawless and has amazing looks.
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! Rt
lol go listen to it
its just scary to chance it.
Ah, of course I have a mystery class I didn't know I had to take.
I scream, you scream, we all scream... For beer. Lol, i love work sometimes 😝
oh MAN.. I feel for ya. Here's a prayer to the travel gods in your honor...
says it's like an MLS crowd
Bad NYPD. No donut for you.
Lovin' all the RT's!!! Always remember to
Fun Raising At Zuma North is a fun & easy way to raise money for your organization!
i hate when people play around with my money..........ITS not a game
No dude its stats... I'm not doing a 5 page paper
You get the hook if you don't agree w Francesa. Not a balanced show. His way or no way.
Also, our group "Third Stream Giants", at the Otter House May 8th! Get ready for our new CD! :)
About to watch One Day.
Meant to say- theatre games , cobalt 500
I just logged into the CMS I swore I'd never touch again: Serena Collage.
Even if you don’t like #basketball you can still build relationships during #MarchMadness. Go be #social! SeanLetwat
protip: when A51 proposal has questions w/ 10+ votes, you can unclick yr upvotes on those & reassign to sub-10 vote questions.
yikes, ouch, holy crap, etc. "suburban housing prices may not recover in our lifetime"
You wanna fck up my life and leave me with a broken heart go ahead and ill move on,live a better life and be me
It is gorgeous!!
Im In The Hov Lane ...
Jealous.. I should have gone to the Beach too :(
I wish school didn't exist so I could just spend all day eating, working out and relaxing
boy that sure looks good right about now!!
OMG...I feel so bad for Forrest! What did you think? I thought it was pretty shocking. I'm a HUGE Forrest fan. Sad night for me.
No ppl can b bound 2 acknowledge & adore the Invisible Hand which conducts affairs of men more than those of the United States.-G.Washington
oh well paige is this girl that always gets to hang out with JB and shes fake,i cant really explain it but yah
After long hiatus back on twitter, from #dbw12, content strategy ROI with Dan Blank. JTallent's workshop seemed too code heavy 4 me.
There is no question would love the presser #peytonmanning us putting on.
that's awesome! Do you have a webcam yet?! You need one.
Rule of thumb: putting text images online that cannot be read will only piss off your users.
Sounds like a Monday.
Release it! It's blocking energy :)
oh I have some wonderful news for you miss! :D
you can be a junior with sophmore credits. Your like in the middle.
great court vision can toss the alley oop better than anyone a great floor general and we traded him for Felton
Watching my favorite movie
LOVE the Lisa in Green Bay blast. I used to love hearing her call in while I was driving around IN Green Bay.
How much the Lakers winning by???
T.H.U.G Life...True Heroes Under God :)
But it still seems a temporary fix. Fixing govt, while difficult, isn't unattainable. Better representation to start. Start local.
watching Nathan
do you know if he is already done on the radio? i just turned it on :/
Several people may think that this is not necessary but this is core thing. As soon as one person enters a gym the trainer will ask the...
air drying at my computer
It's raining : /
Keep rolling Lions! Need more from the GA connection.
#lt I wonder if he was going off my tweet , or we both got good taste in music lol
Already wanting to shoot someone at work. At least and come in later ☺☺
But that sounds like fun, so you are forgiven!
go then
the same to you! :)
follow me back cause i can't DM you if you don't follow back
I love you & I know you'll always be there for me <3 ;D
I love you, I feel proud to be your fan, you are amazing .. your voice is perfect, you're all perfect, and I will not quit (+)
its ok.
I have 12 songs all together....lol
I know. It's too ridiculous to be true, but unfortunately it is.
Hooker's complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan #CivilWar $2.99 Amazon?Kindle
Kick #LDW10 off TONIGHT with at ! OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP admission on our guest list! Reply/DM us!
RT : Are you a wonk? Do you want to know? Find out /judyblog
except the Kindle. and Word.
James Franklin and the Commodores already have 9 verbal commitments. Vanderbilt had 0 commits at this point in 2011 and 2010.
Odd decision by Tennessee and UCONN to wear their alternate uniforms in the championship game.
Out here in TB wit the boys.Just got back from the LIQ wit a 5th of crown 2 40s of OleE and a pack of blunts time to hit the park
haha welcome buddy(:
please dont mind the bad quality <3
back on twitter =]
Record store day. It's magical like unicorns.
I really want a party like the ones they have on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
lmao right, he won't web remember saying it
Meh, it doesn't matter, in the end.
big hopes for khaleesi
yes for a little bit wassup
oh darn, he forgot to wear his hoodie under his t-shirt and the rain boots. Maybe next time. ;-)
are you thinking earthquake?
RT : I have a museum story. Check it out at my travel diary www.travelsoklahoma.blogspot.com. I still don't believe it!
haha we have to have an existential crisis too? I'll add that to my list, right below "for the love of God, write more"
It's official, Zayn and I are dating! If you want proof read 's fanfic(:
Last day of freshman year. Been a good year 3 more left
I vacuumed the vacuum cleaner just now. I am just a Postmodern guy.
how was Coachella?
Benefits of video conferencing for corporations: For many companies the constant challenge of trying to operate, ask about
im writing a nice letter right now hopefully itll work
Great reunion tonight with CEO
Are you fucking serious!??? You saw me getting ready for school and ur just gonna leave with out me!
I think the smoke bomb works...
"Cause mama, mama I'm coming home..."
haha nice! I'm never drinking again!
It is CHILLY today! What happened to the warmth?! I'm a little nervous to experience my very first winter. I've heard #Pittsburgh gets cold!
what's the debate about
#notthanks I found out I weigh 179 pds fml need to diet
It was so sweet when justin thanked us at the end <3
Watchn the fight go Jon Jones!!
a u rap too i seen that shit on worldstar
hey Mr. Plush... Do you know anyone who wants to be involved in a new restaurant in Milwaukee???
Another good day, :)
wowww i had no idea that explains her bad ruling
Also Let's Go Knicks!!!
There is no such thing as CHOCOHOL ;-)!
Whether we vote yes or no,talk is about making the hole bigger. Eur. is in contraction. Need to be a low cost low finance country.
how many more you got? keep them coming. its killing me.
OH: My husband is tiki-fying a bar tomorrow and I am picking up all the fresh pineapples and limes.
That's really cute.
congrats! What a great job! Best wishes!
GOING TO WATCH DOOLs NOW I LOVE MY DVR I CAN FF COMMERCIALS HUGS TO ALL
they will wet the bed like they have lately
I love you hurricane gage
Ready to RAWK. Hope our performance goes well today.
Extreme and profound #beauty induces a feeling of loneliness so hard and tangible.
other than Thome are there any other active players who homered at Cleveland Municipal Stadium?
“: #100thingsilove being treated like the princess that i am 👸”
Another great day! #naturalhair consults with amazing results!
Always a bad sign when you look at the weather radar & it's just all blue. Not so excited to drive out to Palatine today. Eeks.
For every lb of U.S. by catch, expect 4 lb of by catch, thanks to Turtle Excluder Devices.
hahaha if that's what you call it .. Drink drink drink
ooh. that sounds FANCY.
If you went to or wanted to please follow us. We can't follow U back if U don't! You know who you are! :D Damn twitter rulz
TOO Funny about Unsung...
": What'd I miss?" not a thing whats good
Reviewing : this is THE analytical tool for all of you aspiring ecommerce marketers.
Right. I remember your Facebook catastrophe. (I tell the story occasionally, too.) Links I have to follow...
sounds like a grand ole time...
No love...
Lol Hahaha That would be Awesome but yea ironic :] ...., We were planning on going to Disney Land again ..,
HAHA only Phillip would go swimming at 11 on a school night RT: time to go swimming
Oh ur man drives a car and not a truck? Tell me about all the Rad shit he does. #condisending994 I thought that was neat.
And my day starts now
IDA's helped New Mexicans buy first homes and uplift neighborhoods, becoming involved in local government and mentoring friends and family.
My take on #vinehout on #edshow: Not the greatest debut. Too smiley, needs to pace frenetic commercial TV better.
#WhyDoIAlways Think About You
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
Batten down the hatches next month
I was just told to alcoholically fuck somebody up.
ugh! screw doctors and hospitals!<'3
"I don't need jail to be behind bars" our culture in one statement Wow...
ur so welcome! im pretty sure ur going to Imats! :D
i already have my 2 best singers following me all i need is you and the other ones following me. plz follow me
My phone all Fucked up. But just got d.new LG. So I'm bout to get this fixed
Happy Birthday, !
Blair and Chuck, Dan and Serena, and Nate with Charlie!
We got in the studio w/ his buddy Sandy. Crazy!
- Exactly right Randi. He's the perfect no-firm-positions puppet for the NeoCons, Norquist and mega-corporations.
nice. Remember the free gtmw tix next time you dislike your job / encounter a disgruntled bar or shop owner :)
Tonight was beautiful, you've touched so many people
The only way I'll be up is if I STAY up lol RT take yo ass to bed! u gotta be up at 730 am to watch serena play azarenka
RT Online Job Training | OSHA construction safety course | RT
Need an affordable, professional, well-located gallery for a show/event in San Diego? Please contact .
Wow. 10 of 14 UK basketball players, during the semester of their national title run, had a 3.0 GPA or better.
when Scoble likes your FB post
Iwish I could see my sis b4 she leave in the morning ,
haha, I sometimes forget that people can see what I'm listening to. it's made for a festive two days!
3 deaths for us this year, my toddler doesn't grasp it. Keep memories alive as long as you can. They will fade 4 her
Could it be any nicer out? This weather just makes everything a little nicer.
RT #nggs11 Show how your work dovetails with agency priorities, think thru risks, gather evidence, express your idea intelligently
It's 9:45 on a Friday night and I'm so sleepy I can barely function. There's something wrong with this picture.
that's usually how it ends up.
Hey, thanks! We'll definitely be seeing you out at the State Fair next week
Yeah, do that and eat your Wheaties and you might actually live to see 5 feet tall!
wtf lol that makes no sense we dont look alike
A5: plus, the tourney this yr has lacked excitement...a few buzzer beaters would drive people to want to watch.
Yes! Turns out the Dopplebock is a collaboration brew, and we have it on right now! Nøgne Ø / Ægir Kollaborator Doppelbock
i think u should be disney chanels N.B.T!(: that would be kool!
Thanks for tweets/retweets; we're adding more stories this month!
Listening to 's song BAD :) i love ur voice Gen <3
Obama in NH: "You know we can’t just drill our way to lower gas prices. You know there aren’t any quick fixes or silver bullets."
A garage sale is a quick way to make a few bucks... And to teach you never to pay retail again.
yup i wanna know all of them
... and then "Let the waters rise" by MikesChair comes on.
Is Kyle playing live guitar hero in the gym this morning?
Give your girl a follow back!
Do you know when Austin is doing a ustream ?
#ff <-- *beep, beep, beep* who is in her home away from home
I probably won't make the pool today, but might be grabbing drinks later - this beer bar in little 5 heard was tops
I hate heels... I don't care if they make my legs look good... they give my feet too much pain ~>_<~
"Sorry! We did something wrong. Please refresh the page and try again." C'mon Twitter!
your song yes i can is uh-mazing!! i just finished a song but i have yet to record it. :(
Brain Floss: The average person can exert approximately 30-40lbs per square inch of pressure with their jaws!
its only 2 inches tall... I can make u one about 7in tall... will look nice mounted on your door
How do we join?
Tomorrow in LA I represent 2 ppl charged drive w/o license The citizen is convicted, the illegal goes free. Official LA Policy
ha! i'm just glad you put up with my general disgust towards most of it.
We liked it. Especially the guac! Your pics from Hawaii look amazing!
Dispatches from VR – I’m really being put off by Uncharted 3 right now. It doesn’t feel like a game but more like a interactive film.
<----doing a great job in "The D"
So much to do with so little time; lord plz order my steps
25 days. nbd.
Initiate one-one communication, student to instructor
doesn't that cause moodiness and/or agitation, which would explain his behavior that night as the aggressor.
No on the voice, huh? Well at least you have the "tall and Christ-like" thing going for you... so that's good. ;-)
Glad I could help! Have a great Wednesday! RT : yeah!! Made my day. Thanks Toni!
We were supposed to get Metrorail from downtown to the Turnpike but the county never started so the Feds took the money back.
I KNOW I FORGOT MY PASSWORD
Since 1974 the #Yankees have visited the #Royals at Kauffman stadium 5x on games played on today's date 5/3. #Yankees won 2 of those games.
haha! Gini, that was probably one of the most 'normal' things I've said all week! ;-)
Scott: "We finished the regular season the way we wanted to on Sunday. Overall I was very happy. Our guys are really zeroed in on game 30"
Epic weekend. Closing it out with some sushi in Los Feliz w/Ashmaster & Meyer. Can't wait to hit tomorrow to work out!
Westest week is always so lonnnnggg 😣
I hate autocorrect. Stupid Itouch. Oh hey. Anson finally followed you :p
Stoked! RT - Doing an interview for SPIN magazine.
These energy ads - clean coal, why fracking will save us - are so desperate, so transparent.
lovin twitter!!! thanks Abbey!!!!
What part of town?
Walked to P's school to pick him up today. Still hurts, but it seems like it hurt less and was easier today than on Monday. Making progress!
Hopefully I will dream good tonight:)
People don't look at Applebees & say no b/c it's IHOP. They don't know it's owned by IHOP.
How is it that I always end up looking stupid and wasting my time and effort on someone who doesn't care
I did detox a long time ago. It was so hard the first week or so, then it got better. But why would YOU diet? LOL. flawless.
As usual, a fight ruins a good night.
Did y'all get tickets?
M, delicious nanotech. . .
Do you know there are many opportunities for the GIS Freelancers on GIS Extensions Market?
Gym work out song... "Glamazon" by that's what I'm striving to be once my work out is complete "a glamazon on on on" lol
spent the evening replacing flat texture with 3d geometrically modeled first style wall painting in the house of the faun model. holla!
He definitely is very good, the best!
i hope this is Russell Brand's last movie. He has to be out of retard english roles by now
Starbucks...Hell yeah!
When going on the radio, I know that how my hair looks is unimportant but YET...I can't seem to stop worrying about it :)
truly was born and raise Wildcat!
Amen! RT : "In our willingness to give that which we seek, we keep the abundance of the universe circulating in our...
I know... Its ok though, she'll come around eventually and admit it
I consider that a threat to Joneses everywhere. You better watch yourself
I hear ya. think its a good pick up, another weapon on special teams & if he contributes at WR like he did when Johnson was out
crypt keeper strikes again
I am now addicted to switched at birth! Thank you ! ;)
Thank you so much for letting me meet and live chat with tonight! :)
Internet Addiction
my baby will be 2 on the 19th...we've been so wrapped up in buying a house we haven't been planning much. I feel horrible
Aw, mucho dislike. But yes, soon!
sounds like a buncha quarks to me.
If you had to be stuck on a boat with one of the boyz who would it be ? #12345 :D !
Cinema has given us the means to explore the landscape before us, within us, and above us.
Sending love to all the #Mothers, Mommys-to-be, and those who has given a child a loving Mother's Touch. #HappyMothersDay!
We're looking for great #bookstores in L.A. to read at. Any suggestions?
its a long road #skcnation got your back every step!
haha he does look confused on the mound. You at the game?
Good Morning to you also. Yes, #FLYEREDUP over here. Cant wait till 3.
and to make matters worse it isn't noon yet
Time for 10pm milkshakes with yeah its that kind of day.
Act like a woman think like a boss ♛
U a hoe
It's amazing, the freedom that you feel when you release all expectations.
know any research on model school-community center collaberations? Specifically focused on academic #collab?
RT : Q2 What is difference btw Achievement Gap and Passion Gap
you know Ben would be the first one to throw some fades ha
No but I'm a work-a-holic (a lazy one too)
My first single from "The White Room" is soon gonna be released! :) Im excited for you guys to hear it :)
RT : Happy One Year Anniversary !
Summit Co. official says self-defense cases usually are dismissed at the grand jury level.
That didn't have much of a bounce off that limestone. You'd think...
I can lose weight. I can dress better. You will always be an insensitive, materialistic asshole.
To keep cauliflower white while cooking - add a little milk to the water.
we just have to corner him. Because he's quick on his feet.
Please follow my friend and advocate Certified Career Development Specialist. Check her out now and subscribe like I do!
Superbowl bound - - RT : Colin Cowherd just said he thinks the #Falcons go 12-4 and win the #NFC South.
I'll need a crash course in candy offerings & pop culture upon return (although I don't know pop culture when I'm home)
Al Madrigal says he had no idea what a train wreck is.
Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue
Pretty dogs
Christmas is the Disneyfication of Christianity ~ Don Cupitt
Thinking why the hell did i text you first...
MOM: Make your bed! ME: Why make my bed If Im gunna sleep In It again tonight? MOM: Why wipe your ass If your gunna poop again? ME: O_O”
When their infants wake in the night, the babymanderers equivocate them back to sleep.
After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum... I will not do that to my next little one.
Live it up!
What happened to the hot weather! ?
appreciate that brother!
it's really not even that flattering in person. Disappointment al, around.
Season 3 of Pretty Little Liars premieres the same night as Graduation.
musicians have very little leverage due to the perception that they are easily replaceable. and hell, DJs are cheaper!
"My Brother's Crawfish" cancels closure- Cajun Boil resto signs 5-yr lease. :
I be tryin' to tell 'em man. The Zoo Krew is my niggas, man. No flex. Zee Double Oh, heaux.
its wingnight again, but wed have to contend with bros in cramped spaces...
#intelsmp makes point that you need to give people chance to connect with you via twitter.
Is it true that there are over 500 Pre-Reg'ed for Summer Slam next week?
If #Boehner and #Biden try to get any further away from one, another they'll fall out of their chairs.
You tweeted the chairs too late! :( Now you'll have to wait til next year.
u ASSHOLE MEGAN U HURT JENNA AGAIN IM FUCKIN DONE
Wow that was a great opening for October. I can't wait to see all the Buster Keaton!
Sorry about that error, Randy. Here, have a run back. -Corey Hart
they used to eat only home made dog food...
Know what dogs have snapped at me? Beagles and labs.
you're such a geek :)
gain power within...
“: At least I'm not stuck performing at a shit hole like The Pit.” oh shit twitter beef?
work hd?
Even strippers hate litter bugs, yo.
What was Anthony Davis? Haven't forgotten him already?
NKE looks weak, playing it again tomorrow. POT might have a nice little uptrend. BAC nice dip in the morning.
Yes, the old (current) site was hand-coded. Thx for the feedback. Once I feel more comfortable with Drupal, I'll make the switch.
So jealous! Steamboat is my favorite place. I think this storm came from that direction, so you should be set. Have fun!
no problem. sorry to trouble you friend.
First law on holes - when you're in one, stop digging.
have to sound intelligent, but not to intelligent
Finishing up this memoir, and on to my next... Enjoying my #reads :)
RT : Securities fraud hacker charged after $1 million heist: A Russian national is in custody in Newark, N.J., facing......
Chill day today, more as it develops
#MUSICINTERVIEWS Clement Marfo & The Frontline - Nando's Secret Gig, Kensington High Street
you already know!
I'm in love with Miami
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary. Margaret Cousins
MY MAMA THOUGHT SHE HAD A TUMOR BUT THE ULTRASOUND SHOWED IT WAS ME
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times
They playing all of videos on Vh1soul
Your wig is crooked.
Congrats to for your Toys R Us placement!
"The Sound of Perseverance"!
hahahaha this too funny bro I dying
I really don't know if I want to teach summer lessons.. Ugh.
With a new consumer confidence report out, we thought we’d get your take. How confidently have you saved and/or spent this holiday season?
#J14Loves1D #WhatMakesMeBeautiful is the fact that I don't believe in wearing makeup. Beauty comes from your soul <3
Call me crazy, but I don't see #UK's guys getting together to say something everyone is already thinking they'll say (i.e. NBA draft).
Thanks for the retweet!
Love libraries! RT : Think of us as a really big choose-your-own-adventure
stop judgin me...u see me judgin dat BIG as pimple on yo face.lol
does Jaime tweet?
Tweet damnit...tweet!
«: people born into Nigerian homes are the definition of "under pressure". There is always a next level to aspire to.»
i'm not sure what i should be for Halloween .. and ideas..
would sell my soul for a rasp donut right now
"Give me a little drink, from your loving cup, just one drink and I fall down drunk"
If cleaning your own stone do not use products that contain lemon, vinegar or other acids, as these can etch the surface of the stone.
hahahahaaha if you keep it up, i might have too!!! its not like your giving a speech, what are you so nervous about? DO IT DO IT
lmfao aye, do you have a fucking Racoon tail on your head in the Workahol video?! (Fave song right now btw). Keep it up bruh
How dare you stray! Thou shalt not worship any other taprooms. ;)
Woke up too early ugh .-.
Check this out for V-Day The Drifters:Up on the Roof, Under the Boardwalk.@ www.StuartThomasManor.com dinner and dancing. (Please retweet)
Atlanta Lawyers should go bowling tonight!
not this year but well be doin events all over and focusing on new releases 👕💎
Thanks for the follow! ;-)
hey man...good to see you on the twitter machine!
Can't really explain how sweet + validating the response to has been // thanks, dear friends
Good advice --->RT : Your marketing content should be created in way that connects. Write like you’d speak with a friend.
Just want to say hi to my fave radio person. Peace from one sexy night owl to another! Keep up the great work!
Seattle Public Schools posting video interviews of superintendent candidates. Learn more about Jose Banda & Steven Enoch....
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
The US economy is the dominant factor driving NM right now, & state seems to be improving along with the nation - Roberto Coronado
I meant the*** not there
I think my mom is on facebook, probably stalking my bro and my ass.....
BVEN Boutique is making Valentine Jewelry for your honey!~ Pick your piece(s), or select from our beads and we will custom make yours.
IM PERFORMING AT DIFFERENT COMEDY SHOWS ALL OVER FOR INFO JUST HIT MY BOX OR JOIN MY FB FOR WALL POSTED INFO ABOUT UP COMING GIGS AND MORE
When we, the believers, have faith in God, all of the surrounding people receive the benefits..
I #needaFIJI because its hotter than the sun in sunny Florida can you say 84 degrees!!!
bring ur money tomorrow!!!
we're going 6 OT's...RT : Wright makes it 72-70 with driving layup. 7.6 left Does Georgetown have a 3rd buzzerbeater in its quiver?
I can make my hair stay in just about any position by wrapping it with another strand of hair.
Isnt #Oscars night great in MKE? Well do not care much abt Oscars just happy to be back in MKE!
Excellent! Shoot us a tweet if you need anything MT Shooting 's show at the MAG today. Should be a great time!
the classic James Brown beat traces directly back to New Orleans and Clayton Fillyau (the drummer on Live At The Apollo)
Happy first day of spring.
lol yeah the kid part made no sense. They were trying to wrap shit up though. love what's his face Ritter so much
what I mean is that if violence were to result from Wilders' visit, he could hardly be accused of "inciting" anything
“: How is Weaselnation to ever make olympics with such scandals?” You are on fire right now
Thanks for all the RT's and Twitter love! Hope to be back in #TheBean this summer :-)
Your welcome ♡
Use AEGIS Extreme II Resin when repairing windshields in COLD WEATHER! The thin viscosity easily fills the tightest cracks with your...
By whole foods salad bar you mean unlimited fruit roll ups right? RT : I imagine heaven looking a lot like the Whole Foods salad bar
<3 Guns&Roses
DJ Devious Powermix Podcast no. 250 is rocking my day today.
Just opened up a can in volleyball
Faculty do not distinguish by format, librarians/archivists must be able to be fluent in all formats.
That's incredible!! Enjoy, Brett!
Finally decided! Giving up cursing for lent... It's not very lady like anyway +:)
thank you! :)
but standing up to a most likely drunken idiot is definitely fair. We are all humans with emotions and I think people forget that
I won that award in 1990-something. Now I'm a prof at Baruch, CUNY. Award hangs in office! (PhD English, 2001)
On set and freezing!!
Ack! I hate you so much right now!
is job hunting and eating too much.
Did you know biomass is the oldest source of renewable energy, used since our ancestors learned the secret of fire.
happy Founder's Day!
Where's Obama when you need him? There's a f-ing fly that's been terrorizing me in the office since this morning.
hahaha ik when your getting ready to sleep I'm getting ready to work! 😁😁
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow! Our shoot is finally gonna pull through:'D
Watching last night's #Simpsons with again. Snorting with church giggles as Lisa tries to write YA book. Best episode in years.
Tweet UP in the Castle tonight! Leave us your twitter name at the reg desk so we can add you. Let's put a face to your tag!! Please RT
haven't been on this for a cool minute .
THE PARTY IS TONIGHT! One Year Anniversary of The Artists' Faire! 5-7pm. The weekend is here...start if off right! Bring A Friend and ENJOY!
#FF , a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
"ALL MEN ARE IDIOTS, AND I MARRIED THEIR KING"
your exactly right, all other things in life will come and go but at the end of the day your family is always gonna be there
I think Ricky Rubio about to give Jeremy Lin trouble
My friends post pictures all over facebook and they know I see it. I just hate it so much!
hey do Lauren and Reyna need tickets for your graduation?
omg aw<33
I left my heart with my phone in my center console.
I'm eating everything in my grasp. I have a plethora of family there. No diet restrictions when I'm there.
Fandor Launches Keyframe as the Digital Magazine of Independent and International Film
RT : Released IL inmate, after 21 yrs prison, 13 death row, files suit against convicted police Lt. over abuse re:...
I will say of the Lord. He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust." Psalm 91:2
PimPs Always UP
Recovering from last night
Testing New Twitter App....it's called Buffer looks too cool.
had to favorite that one. lol
Do you have a favorite song from the Up All Night album?
Ashlyn just called Mr.Long.. And now we're invited to his house.. Awkward
Who's watching? RT : An all-new episode of #Chopped premieres tonight at 10p|9c. RT if you're watching!
Pray I'm back now. Studying was easier than I thought
I got 99 problems and a bitch aint 1.
Wow congrats 2 all the Webby winners.. geez I can still remember that 1 tym (yes 1!) in my career when I won one. Amazing feeling no doubt!!
Agree completely.
"Yes of course I remember. How could I forget , how you feel ?"
i didnt freak out about it but it was just shocking seeing the picture of him smoking/:
IRISH-FEST in Milwaukee!! If I don't see you at the shows(Sat at noon, Sun 11:30), I'll see y'all Monday. Gaelic Storm tonight!
My son does, he is a long distance runner.
...hello world,,beautiful day to sit back, relax, and observe,, too bad im at work......
Pretty good. Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia the last couple of weeks. Will have the blog up soon. And you?
It's Special Format Friday! Tonight's 10pm format: Red Rover! All the joy (and pain) of the classic schoolyard game, now improvised.
Thanks a bunch Jen! She donated $50!!! She's a big ole' POWER PAL!
smh why u don't have it keem?!
Da scale told me I weigh 145 but my body feelin like 300#drained#
I hope so! I got excited about it and then it went away. Happy to hear CP metro cell coverage is back!
While lunching on the Boeing plaza, I noticed that women are much more likely to wear a tank top than their male co-workers. Hm
If 6 weeks is really all I thought we had things would be great!
is spying on programming summit and spreading rumors!
you call everyone else fake when your the fakest of them all....
Lech Walesa and Mikhail Gorbachev reached out across the stage and shook hands #nobel summit 2012
lol omg how did you know!? And they sell toys <3
A 2 acre bmx park in your backyard. That takes my breath away and I don't even have a bmx bike.
I gt ot my mom n dad krib wen I was 16 um21 now she dnt look like she plan on it anytime soon
People use to laugh at "e-mail", now everybody thinks "e-mail" is the coolest thing, its like the nerd in high school that became rich.
aye I can take u there ;)
I didn't know you could cook a turkey like at home.
Come visit us at the table in the COMPT Marketplace of Ideas - we're here until 5:30!
Pretty excited to hear speak tonight at Chicago Theological Seminary.
hahaha oh really? Thats how you feel?
Looked outside and was excited my last shoot for the day is out in the sun. Then I stepped out and was cold. At least it looks nice out :)
did i mention that the dance battle dude is almost 40??? help help help me please (pops v)
Rehearsals and meetings tonight. Gotta dig deep right now!
"I want you to give me something worth dying for"
hi don't give up the fight. I am a 3 year survivor. follow me for daily inspiration
Although we love our friends in #France, we have to support #USA today in the
NEW EPISODE OF WHALE WARS TONIGHT AT 9 🐳🐳🐳
At the movies with Julian & elijah..bout to watch the avengers
then do both, man. Aim for the moon. Even if you miss you'll reach the stars.
Im fina leave work fckn wit dis bitch
not much im bored :/ blahh wat r i doing
A5) No, He's very serious about a player's safety and is very respected for that.
Whoa!! So it's in Cannes already, that's great! Hope it'll find a distributor for US release!
Organizing #projecthydraulics into github.... stay tuned for a public repository!
What's your favorite Jewish blog? What's your favorite blog of any kind?
Found out the problem is a bug in Safari, which is what I was using! Switched to Firefox and it seems to be good now :) Thanks
#WELOVESARAH lets trend it
Great speakers and a great day of basketball - October 22nd Franklin St. Gym email: to register
Being a working daddy means changing diapers while cramming lines. Boy you sure don't want to mix the two though.
Just went on a little shopping spree. Got some much needed items at the outlets.
Yay!!!! Let me know if you get a response :)
perception and value of maritime heritage... UNC coastal studies... Relationships unclear to community today. How do they value?
spring break in california :)
James 1:13 When tempted, no one should say, "God is tempting me." For God cannot be tempted by evil, nor does he tempt anyone
haha hi honey! I got yelled at for not tweeting
Must see flick(a): WAR HORSE. I had low expectations, thought it'd be a cheesy movie. WOW! Go see-thx me later!
Having friends that can relate to you.
Seeing Manning wearing another team's uniform is going to be a weird sight.
"The ability to ask questions is remarkably human"
But it sounds like it does, but just in different ways.
Oh my god, I AM "plucky and dishevelled," aren't I?
That "i wonder who there posting about moment?" o_O
haha its fine I have friday off
Playing Santa is hard, esp. when the HDDVR doesn't have built-in wireless and is apparently incompatible with a USB wireless adapter. Ugh.
No problem! Don't tell anyone, but the Aquarium has always been my favorite part of Baltimore!
Hell yea - so much fun...cantcwaitvtill next time
Compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright
wilbon is right Knicks are done
she broke up with me...
RT : “The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek.” Joseph Campbell (1904 –1987) Mythologist, Writer, Lecturer
everyone go follow they are so amazing and follow back i will give shoutouts to the 10 people who follow (theyre new also)
nice toe bro
Welcome! Has he made any new songs lately?
so.stabby. need.chocolate.
Hashtags. While all of you out there are asking "Why?" My response is simple. "Why not?"
Power is out for 3140 PGE customers in Hillsboro, stemming from a car accident. Driver had medical issue. Power expected back on by 12:30.
My smile, it hides EVERY pain inside me. </3
Meeting friends for dinner in a half hour, but there's a 1 lb bag of beef jerky on the table? Consider this appetite ruined!
My commute's become my Cleopatra. Is that lucky, or what?
D-Nap.
We were talking about #Ghostwriter a few weeks ago. I think someone I work w/ knows one of the actors!
how about "I'm in the duck here!" --Al Pacino "Scent of a Woman"
Thank you!
Hanging out at #TSC tonight.
Dear feet I am so sorry for being on you for 16 hours! Maybe someone will rube you😉 lover you
if u follow me I'll die.. much love<33
thanks for the #FF shout out :)
which drivers? We always pull over to let motor vehicles pass us & have only seen waving, thumbs up & smiles :)
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
Thank you Pam! ;-)
--Hello David. Hope you are well. You have been on my mind lately
I don't know why I didn't think of that before, the timing is right for it too. The most obvious answers you don't always see.
I'm a serial deleter...so I have used that line A LOT!
Sorry to bother you again. I wanted to confirm if you've received both emails and are declining both events. Thank you
Not to mention that the initial request for the move (from a #church) was they were disgusted with
Cupid, we have to talk about your aim...
R.I.P. Dick Clark
Congrats #MidwoodHIghschool Still need money for school? It's not too late to set up your fundraising page! Control your own destiny...
lmfao!<3 you can use it sometimes if you want... xD
I'm really scared I'm gonna get called to the deans tomorrow for skipping 2 periods.. :'(
Don't let your dark past, ruin your bright future!
So apparently today was the day LoveGame was released? Happy Birthday LoveGame! 's birthday next week. :]
uh-huh, sleepy time is important v.v
Did you work today
Please don't let stupidity of snarky responses deter u from bringing us future food porn!
#dr.Santelises says has a vision for every kid will receive comprehensive sequential arts Ed.
D'Angelo's "Chicken Grease" ?
good looking on that one...OKC got this one...Sorry Kobe's biggest fan in the world
hahaha, there you go - i love that movie.
total #snuggle weather !!
Whatever... The Kings are winning the cup.
It's a pretty cool gig, to be honest. Being around baseball all day is great
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral
Driving in downtown St. Pete <<<<
Good Morning
yes, I will be there too
where are those pics at?
Should they have made fun of Angelia's stance? She is a movie star afterall. I'm sure she didn't give a shit.
lmbo, also on new iPhone
Hang in there. I get discouraged sometimes too trying to promote music with little response, but I have fun and keep rollin' on
Feeling weird... but T.G.I.F.!
"Alien Surf Girls" Is Going to be the dumbest thing EVER. the things they put on tv these days... smh.
Thanks, Linsey! I'll give it a try!
oh gosh, you've joined Twitter. This is bad. lol. but idk what to tell you! I can say that you suck so far with 0 followers! haha
Very fitting ending. Games like this are what happens when your 5th best reliever is the closer.
that's one cool ass chick you got there.
pinterest is helpful personally since I teach classes and list suggested gear there & fb
thanks for the RT! :)
taht infographic isn't 100% accurate. That being said its still a bad bill and Obama said he'd veto it so its dead
Was gonna go for a run..but no I had to do homework instead.
Thanks for the kind words. I hope to get back to Africa soon.
I really hate when my thoughts start to mess with me!
- loved your interview w/ "without talking points" thanks for not putting up w/ the ridiculous, wherever it comes
good luck jack :)
I can see . Im so in love with ur pic<3 i know ill have a blast its above&beyond <3
Practice at the Trevino household today
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart...
hey, no texting and driving :)
Lmfao alright, I'm on it!!
Hmm the Zimmerman protest comes to Central Texas.
Thank you for notifying us , please DM with the time & location of your observation; was the bus in motion?
You think there's a suicidal Pollyanna out there who thinks of her depression as free Botox?
I believe in the 20%! You'll do fine – that's why you're a member of the EduCon Conference Services team :)
Just followed(: follow me back?
Appalachian Granny is creating fresh No Bake Cookies on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Someone tweet me please
What do you think is the best part about being a mascot?
Woh! How cool is that 360 panorama of Manhattan? Love!
W.e gonna bump music in my room & stay since im off tomorrow. Yeah buddy.!
“: “: thinking about getting these lebrons that come out next weekend” swag !!”ha bruh your a fool they are wet
i'm proud of my heart. it’s played, burned and broken. but still works #TSS :'D
Nationals relief P Ryan Matteus from Galt, CA making first career AB. FP Santangelo says he can be "best hitting pitcher from Sacramento."
Music = 90%business + 10%show. Agree or disagree. Holla
artwork shaping up!
Listening to #EssentialMixes all day.
Happy #BodyFaucet day.
The heal poverty we must get the picture of wealth in the minds of the poor. -Wallace Wattles
Viewing the real estate industry growth it's clear that Reno apartments are demanding more quality Reno property management services.
You can't think of dying when a bottles your bestfriend in the world.
are you at Dave's
That was it socks are now off,
oh man im bored ready to go home
Dear world, I'm now ready to start the begging / bargaining part of the night. So yeah... Name a price.
1991-Danny Bonaduce arrested for a fist fight with a transvestite prostitute.
how do i make that stuff quit
lol its not always my fault my mother so times takes her time getting ready!!
The 35th Annual Leadership Development Institute is about to kickoff at CAU -- High school students are ready!
I love being me foreal
Other Lives was the most amazing band I've seen in a long time!
“: Love how much love you guys have for us were blessed” I ADORE YOU GUYS AND WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT YOU GUYS <3
It's killing me, lol
Looking for some really cute oxfords.. If you're in the DC area then look no further! Go visit and pick up some MTNG oxfords :)
Happy #AprilFools everyone!
m Very Cool! Good for you. I'll keep u in mind! Mental Note & a sticky! :) OOPS
Growing up fast
FINALLY started Homeland.... only one episode in and #addicted :)
RT : Troy Davis was murdered by America. We are all witnesses.
Lyfe has so many twist and turns dats y I stretch daily...
Prayer really does sooth the soul.
Tonight's Warriors-Thunder matchup will be one of the featured matchups of the NBA's first-ever Chinese New Year Celebration
Heard this morning in the bank & it made me kick off my shoes & walk around barefoot all day. Damn hippie propaganda.
Brilliant idea! “: Apple rumored to be working on iPay, making your iPhone your digital wallet”
you're a mess.
Thoughts on Teddy Ginn? Gotta be better than Sherels returning the ball, but doesn't do it for me as a deep threat.
what's good big bro?
Thanks for the s/o rt
Mitt Romney coming to #HRVA Thursday.
The kitchen is still open and will be til at least midnight Stop in after
Home on the 25th again!!!
Im so fucking heartbroken right now
we're hitting tonight at red kiva with tix are only $10!
Looking for program packages that fit your family's needs and save you money? Check out these special program packages from the Y!...
Why do I feel so weird?
Nice looking H2O you have there.
Thanks so much! Appreciate you reading!
I love Night Court!
ah ha sorry about that ... old tweet. I will have a demo here next week. Give me a week will followup then.
Get rid of that one follower that shouldnt be in your list of followers..............RIGHT NOW!
Nice to see the Bee aligning with the forces of good in the food truck war with the Sac City Council.
-__- i hate you<3 haha I dont kiss no one but (;
Super! Thank you for all you do! Looking forward to next year's event!
well i wish u luck.. :)
I'm bout to eat dinner yeah I said dinner
DUDE we have the final manuscript draft of Blue Dolphins here at FLP and you should bring your class to visit
Alchemist is one of the dudes I look up to the most, when it comes to making beats
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who make it across the Oregon Trail, and those who don't. I fall into the former category
Yes! There we go!
no so you can give it to me
I know right!? U know my flaws as well...going bak since '95...lol
"Krauthammer: "Imagine how Obama will treat Israel after his last election." Jewish voters and friends of Israel, are you paying attention?"
With my pops having lunch.
how true! LOL
Tweet tweet. Just checkin in! =D
Dealing with people is possibly the hardest difficulty you face, particularly in case you are in business.
One more night of work and I get a night off. Walking Dead on tonight. Looking forward to it.
#liber2011 Need to move from being journal-centric, with authors (with ambiguous names) at the periphery, to contributor-centric.
I don't read. Movie!
When does the #Chicago hurricane season end?
hey cherry hit dm in 2secs
why does monday always come so fast?
I hella just woke up frm a two hour nap
aw thanks :) my aunts just sent them too me so I was really excited!
Forgiveness is a great tool for Self Healing. Start by forgiving yourself, then let that forgiveness expand to those in need of it.
Busy, fun day: 's chapel talk, Reagan (and cupcakes) in Presidential Rhetoric, Baldwin Oratorial Contest, & play rehearsal!
funny thing...I had a few more proposal requests come across my desk. I'm glued to my computer.
what! you quit #wafflehouse? where do you get your steaks from now?!
well look at the bright side, i get to have fun at six flags all day lol
It sure be some Captainsavahoes in the gym...MANE!!!
I walk into my room to see in gold booty shorts listening to Japanese pop music all by himself... this is my life.
You know you have a good relationship with a photographer when he already knows where you want to eat.
I don't want to ruin the end for anyone, but the office ends up not being funny.
you okay beautiful?
My sis doesnt love me lol, shes growing up and forgetting about her big sis
I can't believe you guys hadn't met yet!
ha what?
theyre all on there re done LOL
U heard the weekend mixtape? RT Nostalgia, Ultra...so creative...
any ideas what to trend about Austin?(:
When i go to the mexican store with my nanny to get tacos and her and all them are talking in spanish <<
Suerae, Headsup ..your blog connections are not working :(
": it was great seeing and today!!! Gotta luv those two!!"<Great seeing u too :)
yes, i'll support you in it FOR NOW.
awesome! Beautiful day, enjoy!
ya kno I was up at 8 and had some coffee packed up my shit and said hey WWAED (what would aunt Elena do) so I curled the hair
Wonders if the systems here will ever fully integrate.. Reconciliations are killing me!
You're welcome! We appreciate your business.
And what top secret program would ever print t-shirts, complete with location and project name? But still an enjoyable episode.
ditto. Blue Lagoon's from trop Smoothie are the best!
Hi Hi
ahh. Saw wife surrounded by 5 kids & I thought they were friends of Duggars. Quite a few guys live in PV, right? Furyk, VJ..
I am in love w/ soccer 69 He's the MAN!!!!
Bank o'Canada removes women fr $50 bill:famous 5 fought to be persons & Therese Casgrain 1st female leader of pol party. Arcti ship instd.
thank you for the rT
Hey boo I just got a new phone! After I talked to u the internet got cut off AGAIN so I couldn't contact u :(
Really?? when is the event? Whats the event about? Sounds exciting! and if Sara's going I wanna!
Today I told this girl that One Direction is gay cos she saw me writing out bromances. She freaked out screaming and told me she hates them.
happy birthday.;)
solving world peace is next. ;) “: I want in on this hopalicious session.”
Long trains <
Coach Cal is so entertaining to watch during the game. Go
The 305 is good man. How's PA? You still w/ the USTA? RT : What's good Boris? How is the 305 treating you?
Great article in to discuss Osama bin Laden and presidential decision-making
Will be the most active since 2007 for the triple net lease sector
Great surprise hang out with the girly :D
If Rubio didn't get hurt, him and Kyrie would've shared the ROY award
I feel so out of touch, social media-wise. Apparently my Twitter app has been logged out on my phone for 78 days and I didn't notice. Oops.
p.s. Have been in NY for a week. What a place!
I'll be there.
Come down to the new club Montage tonight, 3rd floor of La Cage, i'll be tending bar, and there will be an amazing show!!
Cancel my plans for tonight. Soulja Boy: The movie is on netflix.
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" will premiere May 17th. For interview request, please contact
Good mothers not only tell us how to live, they show us. Happy mothers day and may God continue to bless you!
ah. well I'm sure he'll think you're cool too UNTIL he turns 15. That's how it rolls.
happy b day i hope u are having a wonderful day :)
I'm doing the same exact thing
Protect yourself at ALL times - Floyd Mayweather
Watching the #Voice !!
you good fam?
contests are fun
you really dont....
Happy Birthday 'old man!!!! J/k.
finishing work
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 19
I was sneezing earlier, I popped a vitamin C..
Can't get right smh .... still in Zombie mood from last nite !!!!!
Whatachicken bites YUM!!!
already Ma! We need to put one in the air....
I need some entertainment
What a fucking terrible day. And It's barely just started.
Star Wars man... You guys even had Lando on scrubs... I never saw any lame Trekkies on Scrubs!
RETWEET IF YOU ARE CUTIE! :P
sorry no food trucks today. Grab a delicious GUGS burger in Red Square.
APPARENTLY #SNAS ALBUM RELEASE PARTY LAST NIGHT WAS BIGGER THAN THE OJ CASE & CASEY ANTHONY CASE. AND I MISSED IT. CONGRATS CHIEF.
Nope, the peeps in this session are #lame and don't have their handles on their name tents :-(
THE GUY QUIT LIFE LEVY CMON HE USED A GUN TO END HIS LIFE
Love is simply a choice away.
Thanks for the mention !!!
...followed by Strangers by The Kinks?!?! Well I just might have to buy this fella a drink.
I first read of the Stand Up desks at Google, now stand up meetings, been trying it some and its working
: you making an appearance?
today...we dine in hell! fuck that....i'll just go call her, you guys have a good time...bring me back something-Alexis
I am not a role model but I think your children are better off idolizing me than nikki minaj or justin beeber or botdf
he's not following me. :(
Ok, time to pass out
Cool - will be out in lobby soon. :-)
No hit perfect game today
Whenever I'm at the dentist.. There's always ugly people here lmao 😁
Hahahaha! And it was DONE!!! We def need to get together soon. This time I will be the one to cook! ;-) xoxo
I DID in fact! just had no idea that was Mongolian too ;) RT thx for coming! Did you try the Mongolian Vodka? :)
Religious May-hem « The Lady Expounds
"every time I turn the corner I get a little bit smarter." -Nic about the driversselect employee library
starts in just over 12 hours. Time to enter a porous state of mind.
Check your math. One week plus two weeks equals three weeks not two
Thank you RT : looking forward to seeing the changes
Thanx for the follow. Alaska is beautiful. I want to see Siberia some day. Last great nothern wilderness.
Hi Frank, I got your email reply to follow you here and just wanted to introduce myself.
I should go to bed... nah..
yeah about the alicia thing =P
it's your fault for falling asleep
RIP Ayrton Senna
who are u?
you a fool...
thanks(: I'm about to go in the class
RT : Plan Ahead for a 1031 Exchange. Call us, we have experts that can help you plan.
Seven years ago this hour my baby arrived by emergency c-section at St. Luke's in Houston.
RT I need a weekend away :) um yea see you Friday dc here you come :D
That awkward moment when people start stuff on your Facebook status and you just don't want to get involved.
Two years in the making, Hiawatha Project's new performance - Camino - debuts in two weeks! Tix on sale - get'em here: bit.ly/ruzAqf
What's your gamertag?
HOLY LEBRON JAMES!!!!!!
Watching wrestling documentaries with
Cant Wait , Im Truly Looking Foward In Having My Own Day Care, God Will Provide I Know I Will & I Am <3
Nah id wait til it come out on dvd. It freaked me out more than pranormal but story lost me!
President Obama doesn't mention "60 Minutes" at STOCK ACT signing ceremony. Reason why bill is on his desk: "60 Minutes" segment last yr.
Do the days seems to fly by? Does time seem to pass more quickly? it is. Our Milky Way is speeding up. #dark matter #dark energy
I tell my haters, #GSY ... Yeah, I'm a boy & a huge fan of .. Haters don't know what they are missing! #realmusic :)
Russian women often assume I'm Russian & after I correct them they tell me how much better Russian women are vs American.
Fuck no longer works...tried it this morning, actually.
Do I have your cell? Give me 10 minutes.. still trying to get out of here
Thank you, yes I was...
I'll totally hang out with you.
Finally got to watch #Goldrush last night. Sorry, but I had to ffwrd through the segments of Dakota & even Parker. Boring!
looking at things to buy in the Internet u?
Well today I I asked my friend to tell this other kid I really like him and I know him so yeah and I just texted her wat did he say ????
“: I miss you” I miss you!
Was browsing the NFL Shop on NFL.COM. And found they have the official draft hats for every team except the Packers.
I can't remember being this excited about video games since dad brought home a Nintendo (Christmas, 1988).
follow back? Please and thanks(;
you ready for high school? Freshamn year should be interesting.
Grilled Chicken & Spinach Torta!
#CIO Quote of the Day: My peers are measured by the value they contribute to the biz. I want to be measured on that as well.
Electronic billboard flashed gun show ad followed by FBI most wanted murder suspect mug shot. Ad$ are ad$.
Grandma's Birthday Today!!!!!!!
Lmfao that was a hard foul, but come on Lebron that last extra flop was kinda gay
I think this marks my official retirement from playing golf
AH! That is exciting! Which locations are you thinking about?
if you have a short bob cut you probably shouldn't hot roller your hair....just sayin... bc i did it today...it was bad..
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Girls that bitch about girls being sluts all the time.
Is it funny that Humphrey Bogart looks like a Mexican in #TheTreasureoftheSierraMadre?
So glad I'm not in calculus.
“: yes mam!!!” the Guys an I will be there" cant wait to see yall!” :-) even if i smell like campfire?
Thanks for the mentions!
What if TSP's merch had a pick? Like not a guitar pick but a hair pick! Idk I have an Afro right now and these are the things I think about.
I want to go out, but I'm probably not!
BUZZ, a young adult novel set in Texas - not in Austin or Houston or even Corpus Christi, but in rural Texas in the mesquite brush country
Ikr. I'm tring to get a solid booking contact Ppl be tring to ripoff n they on some sugar cookie shit
Chris Paul is going to take us to the finals
Not even gonna lie. Now that drumline is over, I haven't done shit. I need to run!
RT : Ask Dr. Sallay any sports injury questions, including tennis injuries, shoulder/elbow & knee til 11am. 1300 E. 96th St.
I was out with my girlfriend when my ex walked up, they hugged and kissed, they're exes too
Kept wondering who Tony Lucca reminds me of... I was thinking Brandon Walsh but no, it's Aidan Quinn!
I said the same thing when I read the report yesterday smh
RT Why would anyone lie about liking big butts?
when we going todo something with dj
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin♥ 5
we're looking for an outdoor kitty. I saw one named morti. So cute!
Private or public: Pilots are powerful
Shush! Don't tell women that!
is this a date for possibly an album of some sort?! :)
Me too! Just poring over my notes from all the speakers today. This was such a high value event.
#Quote2SpinBy  Those who stand for nothing fall for anything~Alexander Hamilton #quote RT
along w/ appreciate the love!!
Oh..and those don't include anything off nike id...only general releases lol. Nike id doesn't count.
I have not slept in for two weeks, let's just make this 3. I have to be to school at 7 AM,
Cody, follow plz? Gotta meet you and talk music, you down?
The evidence of success is JOY.
Looking forward to a busy week!
Bum day for the writer is a good day for the writing; it will be better for all the anguish.
I wish I'd gone down to Indy just for the afterparty!
I guess they're tryna go out with a bang lol
thanks! They survived the last minute. Haha good game :) not as intense as the Heat/Knicks game tho hehe
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity. But not in that order.
Me too! Thanks! Have a good day...
oh, so of course i missed your following spree :( can you still follow me? ?? please?
"Flannel pajamas?! what are you 100?" lmfaoo
YEP! Only a couple stood their ground..I couldn't believe how easy to sway them..the parents said they talked to them..still did it
Oops! Forgot the greek style green beans braised in our homemade tomato sauce is served with all of our dinner specials! Bring ur appetite!
I love the way she [insert]...but I don't love her.
YES!!!!! Go Adele!! She is owning it tonight. Amazing.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "Fast Times at Titties High"
I wonder what assets the #navyseal team took from the #OBL compound? Laptops? Journals? Cell phones? Some folks scrambling now.
Some of the best and brightest teams gathered at to solve #childobesity in America.
Jaime Dimon blames Democrats for turning their backs on businesses by regulating them. He just lost AT LEAST $2billion dollars.
or I Told You So... idk, they're all SO GOOD!! haha I'm just sayin' (pun intended)
A slow mo AGH cam of the Marlins home run statue? Ugh.
: when that mixtape drop bro?!?! IM READY!!
Joining Power Alley on the last hour, MLB Agent Scott Boras and NY Times Reporter Michael S Schmidt
It is not the age, it is the infiniti. People really buy those?
Homework flow waiting for my Queen to text me back >>>>>>>>>>> there it is 😍!!
its Shannon Pelosi Ty for your prompt reply it means a lot!!
love you sister
One stereotype mocking another. Welcome to the Metro.
Obviously a rough Boston night? RT : I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
sexy hot bro, need help drying off!!
tbh, your post makes you sound like an angleshooter in hand1 and a whiner in hand2. Either cut out your chips....
oh Megan :)
Hope everyone has their biked tuned up! Tomorrow is National Bike to Work Day and let's represent Rice strong
Somebody put this game on Rookie mode and turned the sliders all the way up for OKC lol
I sense that men's hats are making a comeback.
That is what every mother says, then they say " I didnt think that would work!" You have to ease them into the enviroment.
Is Crupi moved in?
Perfect beautiful day to hang out in the patio. It's open tonight And the rest of the week.
Your the best cause we think so <3
Congratulations to Gabe Rivera of Jefferson HS (TX) on making College Football Hall of Fame
I knew there had to be a reason why I still subscribed to ALA Council.
haha yup and minnesota's first play was that fumble that went like negative 30 yards making it like 2nd and 45 lol
RT : get money mane whats so hard about that logic? why u speaking on other people? JUST DO YOU
you don't have to wait 4-6 weeks. Order today and it's in the mail!
Everybody loves me you can call me Raymond
The next time i fall in love, I want to fall for someone who will make me feel taht loving him is the greatest decision i have ever made.
The rain makes me miss the #cta. Free ride home er day.
Thanks, but no Macs for me. This is a strictly Windows household. My husband runs our servers on Windows 7.
That awkward moment when your "friends" don't invite you to something. Those bitches.
your article was so inspiring. Congratulations Doll!
thank you!
lol “: Im not Fat, Im fluffy. Nah, who am I kiddin, Im fat.”
You fuckin perfect to me))))So i wanna on the barb with u and our fuckin friends)))
I wish I could stop time & just sleep for as long as my body lets me. & then wake up & continue my day. 😞
I agree the Obama campaign,leading the charge with negative attacks. #Character assassination is offensive among many others.
Alright this night just like last night.
you are welcome
nope, I know it will be busy though, the guys are installing a huge glass wall. I'll be back on Monday.
Nice! I love finish the sentence games...ok here goes "I am..club f'ing footed ya asswipe"
did i say something way too honest that made you run and hide like a scared little boy?
I love you dear!!!! Thank you so so much :)
NO FOLLOW? MY LIFE = OVER. LOL JK IM NOT THAT DRAMATIC.
Im gonna kick butt playing legend of zelda today!! YEAHH!!!! \m/>_<\m/
Registering for a FREE Vacation! Our Lucaya Beach & Golf Resort on Grand Bahama Island! www.majkltravel.net Trip of a Lifetime Sweepstakes!
RT - I want a beautiful woman to feed me some grapes. Shes has to have on a Miami dolphins jersey tho. That's what ...
"First day of school! First day of school! Wake up, wake up! C'mon, first day of school!" Name that movie! :)
you can be anything in this world that you want... except for my downfall
Tonight we honor 20 powerful leaders in the #LGBT community!
Just met a big one up close on the platform.
If the giants win that game was fixed
you would probably make more money if your link worked
Free samples! TY capitalism RT It seems it's easier for men to get Viagra than it is for women to have access to contraception.
Ok guess who I had this Convo with?Ugh I don't feel good Me:Oh hey theres Christian Person:ooohh I feel better looking at that
She doesn't see me. And I don't care, Just move around some and Fix your stare.
Im bored af < lets do somthing
#iPhone 4s commercial with ❤❤❤
Red velvet hash cupcakes coming soon!! Who's excited?!
that makes sense then! =)
this makes me want to watch the JTT classic Tom and Huck!
On NHL LIve Wednesday, Smith: "I think Washington's gonna win tonight [G6]. I don't really want them to. Game 7's going to the Rangers."
Peep game
go play in traffic? Would Justin like you saying that?
yup, at the end of the day, family is what is always there for you (and family-like friends).
if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want to know how much my believe stone i handed u at the show meant to you?
just said the same thing! Ha!
Gosh! It's the same one I started with. Am I drunk?
haha perfect. I will let you know once make the purchase. Yes, pink slips. Paul walker style.
well you're doing more then me cause that was a bomb and you guys are 19-2
gosh! You're good! Lol Cone to LA
everyone should watch kailey's new cover. My boo did an amazing job and loved the song choice, obviously <3
Looking for a good public place in the DMV to take pics inside...any ideas??? Inbox me or E-mail me:
Shout out to & for their very public #protest of #SOPA and #PIPA spread the fire! is on the fence, lets push!
lol I like that people have freedom
curious to hear what you've learned. They push online learning pretty hard in my state. They'll even buy you a computer!
After three days of work, the revitalized Westminster Applebee's is now open and looks great!
Monitoring for active military @ $10 per month and free when deployed. We are honored to help support our troops.
The day is getting long! We've shot almost 10 interviews for Dr Mark Van Stone's book. This has been a great experience.
Thursday works for me!
We look forward to having you back RT : My boyfriend and I had a great time! We'll be bringing his mom back in...
When boys can't stand to see you with a sad look on your face. ♥
Just in case. “: To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs -- it will let you go instantly.”
I love my dutchies doe RT : ha RT : fuck em both... Bong and / or bowl my G
Jeff Jarvis...keeping it real. News is not dying.
#threewordstoliveby that was close!
I need me a purple monkey. Just kidding. I really want a pet lizard but even though they're cheap, the tanks are expensive :'((
did u know she had a swingset??????
The US needs to move on from 21.
It keeps switching back and forth...increasing the level of thirst all over twitterland LMAO
What is your favorite distinction between "management" and "leadership"?
thanks SO much! “: Up early at the walk! Happy to be representing at a great event”
Apparently, took your suggestion to heart. He is seriously pushing me out of my comfort zone - for my own good.
Coming soon homegrown beat store !!!
Who's creating a Gourmet Marshmallow S'more Pink Ribbon Pops for Boston Bakes? that's who!
Just saw a man with a NECK TATTOO AND TEAR DROP TAT. Yup. Sketchy as hell. Double not trusting him.
Ice cream or Pizza?
its great! sang "I Will Always Love You" like an angel, just like Whitney is now!!!!
You better be glad God gave yur black ass rain, instead of a tornado
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Mini Makeup Brushes! Was it business as usual for you while your coworkers took off for the holida
Scum life the only life for me
and no sugar, extra jetlag.
Have a good weekend!!
You're quite welcome! Heading there in a little bit!
dude your shirts are awesome! Definitely buying one!! Or 2... Lol
The random "nisa, i love you" from my brothers >>>> #dontwannaleavethem :-(
“: Success tip #4: Don't hang out with toxic people. They'll suck that bursting energy out of you.”
Quit dropping them? I still have my 1st generation ipod touch.
yep, my brother. How do you know him?
its been a couple months
Im not going try and be your friend anymore. You are going to have to earn my friendship from now on.
New Photos:) Check em out and lets us know what you think?
that would be way too much fun- transit knitting club.
Stop by our booth at the Creative Chicago Expo (Mar. 23 & 24) to learn about "Color Jam" and our exciting plans for !
Hey bar singer...stick to covers. You lost the room
I'd say the same thing with less attitude&without the "you wouldn't care" part. &say it with an innocent questioning tone (x
First play in league play is on the line. First pitch will come around 5 p.m. Emily Wolfe pitching for Highland. Kalyn Kamps for Belmont.
Hahaha, omfg, my cousin made me listen to that today, so funny. SHE RATCHET!
3 on 3 basketball tourney today with and ----1pm | Harper Archer HS. Come out and join us!
chocolate wasted
listenin to The Kid Daytona. His mixtapes Go Hard!
VENUE CHANGE! Our "Featured show of the week" Sandrider/Dogshredder/Monogamy Party and Brokaw are playing The Highline now!
what's your real name then
y i look better than him wat does tony have that i dont
naw me n her not lik dat dats my sisters I'm not gon even lie about that... That's y I didn't even mention them
I know, she's the shit :)
Hm... let me smoke my pipe whilst I ponder this a while
So excited for today!!! On my way to see my boyfriend
the knights of columbus of Rockville!
Another snow storm heading our way? A winter weather advisory for central Ohio tonight...oh, btw, it's not even officially winter yet!!!
I gotchu boo.
Lol I got you...FedEx! RT : send me some
Head out to BRINK ORLANDO tomorrow where i will be spinning beats! OPEN BAR 11-12!!Hope to see you all out there!...
good luck! You will be amazing!
Can't wait til caps game tonight!
thanks for letting a SC librarian join in
Up feeling blessed this morning, with that being said, have a great friday facebookers......
So excited for tonight! Just wish I had a piece to wear... guess I'll wear my Gypsy05 "inspired" tie-dye scarf.
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable. -Francis Bacon
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
I might as well change my name to Paglio since they never spell it right in the paper thanks to my wonderful friend
Michelle says: "I couldn't put it down, the novel '10 Minutes' is one of the best books I've read in a very long time & I read a lot"
hey love
I Understand you are trying to be different but tone it down a bit
We've got some extra boxes left -- maybe I WILL do it tomorrow.
do your thing tonight!!
RT We're looking for someone to join our team. Massage therapists, Retail Team, Nail designers; Contact
Sick hike with today in atrastadero open space
RT : Melo on talking to Nugs about staying: “I haven’t had that conversation probably since November, December."
I have been smelling bleach in my apartment all day today, wtf.
Most Of My Tweets Are Going To Be Quotes And Things About
true. Benefit then is a sportwide common good (additional funded prog), cost disproportionally borne in pairwise by HE elite?
Im a Tortilla Coast and is at Tortilla Cafe..we were SUPPOSSED to be having lunch together...
you're support means so much!
we will FB soon as Twitter opens us back up, they blocked us till we get more followers. We need more tweeters to follow
that's true! Enjoy what you are doing, that's the secret to success RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what...
First look at the #MW3 Hardened Edition, literally on the factory line. Details on it coming at Call of Duty XP! yfrog.com/kgfgmiuj
Join the Sailabration to celebrate The War of 1812. The Navy is going out into the community to do service project.
Excited to hear #AHAA2012 presentation on US Latina Women!
What if you were hacked by Z or Bella? Haha I'm jk. That would be a little creepy
Oh please
hi! i want a copy of first aid kit's newest! i also just wanted to say hi :)
Omg i'm apart of the f**king TeenNavy !!! #Winning ;)
Thinkin... Where would I be w/out GOD.....
Any Marylanders who use(d) Chantix want to share their experiences with a reporter? Email
Need new artists in the DFW.... All genres... Hit me up...
Your Highness? Although, really, James Franco and Natalie Portman? Did you need work that badly?
“Unscrupulous financial acts” spike mid class tax luxury! Lucky! Tax us high. Tax us low. WE JUST WANT TO PAY TAX!
I just realized today is Friday the 13th! awwecrap.
Hi Surfers Healing, we have a mutual friend I would love a chance to speak with you. Please follow back.
I think I know who you are talking about! I see her on the 30 all the time!
MA thesis and practicum presentations tonight in the Lee Reception Room, 6:30!
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen I watch my dogs sleep.
You rule.
Little did I know as an adolescent when I entered my "awkward stage" that it would last 30 years ....
thanks!!! I will!!
Please keep the Gant family in your prayers.
So George Clooney and Tyler Perry have hosted the POTUS...don't hear of any celebs hosting Mitt...
Did you ever kill that spider? O_o
i followed (:
you should probably bring him back. Everyone loves chainmail & frankensteiners.
i loved it...and i miss you.
Can I put u on lay-a-way?
so you wanted a sprained ankle?
Needs to get closer to God. :-(
My film WHAT MATTERS MOST, which i wrote and directed for r4 productions is now streaming on youtube! go check it out!
Wandering around aimlessly and waiting for the #chipotlemonday siren, left the library far too early
love the little Coca-Cola bottles shaped like ornaments:)
Join in uniting a million voices to improve the future of biking. Sign the Pledge. I did. Ride On!
is there somewhere where I can read all of the story??:)
#lockup straight fags
Thanks to all my STEELER FAMILY that's what makes us true friends & fans. We stick together & are there for each other! Again thanks
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
Suck My Dick! Lol
haha it's okay :)
haha I feel bad
Nothing much in Language class . Hbu Alex ?
“: I know ma! I just like my after work drinks....*twiddles fingers* lol jk, wait aren't u guys coming up today?!” congested
So happy to be in Augusta GA.!!! With my babe face
12 hours ago
Agreed. RT I like how while Pan Conrad is speaking, Ashwin Vasavada behind her is nodding his head, "yes, yes"
If you meet KK4DAN, say hi for Blake and me.
awesome work!
Dang... Just heard my gguy was in a accident
Visit www.FIDPA.com and take a look at The International Poker Rule #62.2 Raise Requirement
Thank you! I'm not sure the sleeping well is going to last when I go back to work but we'll see.
It's my birthday and premiere! This can't be any better ❤
Sounds like a plan bro!
*Shake shake* hahaha
Is 3 a plausable time to be in town for? then I walk back with you coz I going to nanas x
winging this ap world test tomorrow
yeah get dress for school! (: haha
We're open at 11!
site read we couldn't vote yet???? or am I just old and senile?? hahaha NO I'm NOT
It is a good thing MSM isn't doing their job, they don't know how well Ron Paul is really doing thus keeping Rom/Oba in the dark.
this is so funny lmao
I didn't know Elvis sang "My Tractor's Sexy"
are you a fan of Singularity?
Have you heard Fr. Swope on WYPR this week? He's one of the station's loyal listeners wishing 88.1 a happy tenth birthday!
Hope and have a good time in WV this week
My mind says , but my heart says Victor's.
Dear life, when I said "Can my day get any worse?" it was a rhetorical question not a challenge.
I am taking hits off this inhaler like a hyperventilating scuba diver.
I dnt ever want to speak to ever again!!!!!
Thanks for the FS!
Im happy for u boo! RT : Love is such a beautiful thing!!! I'm on a high right now 😌☺
:-) agreed RT : #yummy :) RT RT The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of
I do......airana plzzz follow me..this is like my 9th time tryna get u to follow me..PLZ
At the Bend The Arc gala, honoring fmr White House advisor Van Jones! Thx to the Jewish Partnership for Justice for a great event!
That sucked. Sums up this game.
Great info from Audience Audit. Thanks for making research fun!
Why is Chris Duhon still in the NBA?
thx for the kind words. Have a great weekend!
Check out science of Iv-7 at www.sandibailey.iv7direct.com 1st EPA approved germ defense in 30 yrs; Anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-viral.
If you find out, let me know. I also miss Nirvana.
So #GameofThrones is making incest cool again. You aren't alone anymore, Boone County, WV.
Might as well
They don't -- and I've never understood why. Maybe because they want you to buy travel cups/mugs instead?
Love the NYTime over here in Boston. Keep up the good work!! Follow back?
Well I guess consultants can decline consults.
We're having a great time with our show We are meeting really interesting people from all over the country and world.
Get TAN! *Specials* (From 9a-12n) 40% off BOTTLES of LOTION (ALL DAY) Buy 2 Instants for $39! MEMBERSHIPS and TANNING PACKAGES on SALE TOO!
I agree RT : Music mags make me feel misanthropic. Gets worse when I finally hear what the hype is about. 80% chance of letdown
I can't believe it's going to get near freezing again this week in Houston! Wonders never cease, aye?
Well, yeah. That's what the P stands for.
Happy Birthday makin things much easier for the struggling artist. If u havent seen my BT themed twitter page check it out. 100
the #UHbsb team has spoken tells me that needs to play country since over half the team listens to it!
The things I'm willing to do to her I wish I could a threesome wit two of her
Making mothers laugh regardless of the topic is money.
his name should b blake missing...lol
Gonna go die. K cool fuck you.
Jimmy Johns always plays the best music lol
Breakfast has been served at #rhokmke. Tired folks eagerly getting nourishment...and caffeine.
Well since #Knicks are stinkin up the league guess I will just watch Wesley Johnson play tonight. Loved watching him play #SU ball!
Havin a jam session to One Direction in the car this morning with the brother.
kita had her baby yet ?
I don't
Congratulations to the honorees at the Lortel Awards! Thank you & Lucille Lortel Foundation for your support of The Fund.
“: I will help you pick up the pieces! That's what I'm here for. I love you! #fuckbitches :)” I love you too ❤
Ya boy back on his hustle ya know what I been up to....
Rich Eisen & Director Peter Berg ( of FNL) on Concussion Prevention - podcast... go 16:00 mark..retweet
guess what. it's hump day. #humpday, and know what I'm gonna do? I'm going to drink some scotch
EVERYBODY'S WHO'S SICK: feel better.
I understand. I was trying to be nice though
Not kidding: I kissed the ground when I landed at CRW. .: either fly jets between CRW & IAD or just don't bother.
two minutes to go, Japan on the attack
I told my sister she looked like Jennifer Lawrence kind of.
you smell
job well done on KCBQ 1170. D7 & SD concerns well addressed
Per the norm, until he pissed off some Western white women, it didn't matter. That's the rule.
My head feels like a lava lamp...
I don't mind driving on toll roads, but I don't think I should have to see billboards every 500 feet when doing it.
Super cool that Twitter takes foreign language characters. See past posts in Russian & Chinese. Vietnamese still to come.
any more tickets for the 2nd act?
nanny nanny boo boo stick your head in doo doo. that's what goes through my head every time I win and argument I love winning
I hate it when men whistle at me like I'm a lost little puppy. When women do it, it makes me fearful of my womanhole.
Looking for a place to watch the #Badger game tonight, you should go to They're showing it on their big movie screen!
Watching the lakers game
That's probably the most in-depth, considered review we've gotten so far for the Thx so much! More RT's later…
Women are a beautiful breed!
SASSY PANTS
⌘ + W my tab if to bet this'll be a lot about parkour Feel your computer.
but Taja look Better
time 2 sleep
The "We're Not Going Away" Rally. Noon. Rotunda. You know the drill.
favorites from the #oscarnominations : best supporting for melissa mccarthy!! & pina for documentary feature. i have got to see the artist.
quote of the night..much respect to you, been a fan for 12 years
secret svc cavorting w prostitutes? Raping women for $ is more accurate.
no problem, I got you bro
Uneventful commute.
Aww, thank you! :) I'm doing good, how are things in Nashville?? Btw, have you heard about the new pet at Zach's house?
what do u do all day?
Definitely one of my all time favorite celebs - you kill me!
awesome FF but you accidentally included nakia, nate, and alex. ^_~
Happy new years!
When fat girls say guys like big girls.
thanks for the follow!
You more a fan of: 1) 'White Stripes', 2) Charlie Rose / Art of the Interview, 3) Analysis of Myriad Creative Inspirations? :)
nit too slow on my end tonight. Can't keep up.. RT: Twitter is so slow lately it's like I have an 8088 processor again."
« « Ayee , You’re not ready for your next if you’re still trying to impress your ex.»»
My POL 300 Field Project looks bomb. The appendix alone makes the paper weigh half a pound. If this doesn't secure me a B- idk what will
Went through hell and back for you tonight.
I'm willing to look so stupid till I've had enough
New Years Eve and headed to how exciting! 😁
I want one.
Be sure to ask them about construction data for: Poway, Santee, El Cajon, Chula Vista, Del Mar, Solana Beach, Encinitas, Vista.
Ben throws Courtney off the top of the temple. Oh snap.
SAD! #RT #Wells #Fargo Has Blood on Its Hands: Desperate Man Commits #Suicide After Shocking #Foreclosure Mistreatment
I wish the weird girl that sits next to me in class would stop staring at me
Ugh I hate English vocaaabbbbb. -_-
Stressed at the moment! We've got tickets available at our site- www.elbybrass.com! Also, CD prob. at the end of July- www.3sgiants.com!
Next tattoo quote ideas anyone? I don't have any #selfishmachines lyrics yet.. (:
If only I had enough guts to tell you how I still feel about you. Maybe we could be that thing again. The thing I grew to love. Iloveyou.</3
Yeah I saw that. :(
Watching n drinking heavily! RT : If you want to see unbelievable tension, turn on ESPN2 right now. These last 20 minutes...
Is extremely happy right now:D
speaking at the #140Cuse conference on building software for social.
Yas boo. I'm in NYC anyway, for the Malcolm X event with :)
come through tomorrow yoooo Gaby and Fanelli are coming!
need some love from rep!!!
V for Vendetta
Back into the world of Hammock.
I didn't attend Woodstock 40 years ago but I have gone three days without showering.
I really wanted to come to LA <3 but I will always love and support him no matter what ♥ #MahomieForLife (':
i back the little boy business.
Fuck it's like having 5 Sullis in one group.
RT : Props to Susan Siavoshi, professor and chair of political science, for receiving a distinguished University service.
#LastTimeIChecked I ran the show around here.
lol Jacob loves Swedish Fish
I want some ramen so bad right now.
I am still hoping to make it to Homework, it'll be a busy and exciting fall!
Hope both were enjoyable. Thanks for mention!
Horrible execution on the final play!
she started it...
Cats are often cleverer than academics.
Dear 2010: We had some good times, but you were mainly full of awful. Don't let the door hit you in the zero on the way out.
Im gunna call you when Im on my way home from class...my dad is in town so we;ve been going to concerts.. :)
have a nice & blessed day. All the best to the both of u!
Goodnight world and good morning to others 😄💜
hello there! thank you so much my friend~ have a great day as well :)
Dat bitch be my stuffing like... like we really fuckn
only the wack rappers
yep. A bowl season filled with disappointment “: BREAKING: Well, shit.”
Meet artist hero Lee Ufan. Asked about my own research. Mumble something unintelligible.
my bro sound like a crackhead lmao , ion know wtf he on .
you should have like a meet up at Grapevine Mills mall!!!(:
I hope Taylor Swift's new album is like her Hunger Games songs. They're simply amazing.
Don't forget to sub my YouTube channel! ;)
now everything is good:B
I don't know. Better than just a nose?
"mystery clock" is what the clock is called because the way it works is a mystery. Google it.
There isn't enough cheese in our fridge.
I misplace stuff all of the time but I'm sure I had no reason to take my beeper out of my car.
Flew in to Seattle today for a little vaca then off to Ohio in March for the Arnold Classic!
So I started watching Mad Men. Good stuff.
No u weren't keep it real.. u gotta make a buck, I understand
They have gyms in colleges/universities.
You're welcome, Melissa. You're a fantastic resource. It's our pleasure.
watching friends with my girlfriend. it's so funny you can totally keep your clothes on and enjoy one-liner after one-liner
Student: "I wish I had Glee when I was a teenager."
Final #ff to
Everyone having a good day so far ?
Starting back to school today!!!!
sports ass? You mean ? That's not nice ...
Eek! How on earth did I manage to incur $14 worth of fines at the NYPL?
I'm about to MMA your butt if u don't call me!!!! Hahaha
I don't want to be creepy, but I dreamed we created the Antichrist last night.
come on thunder...
Now that would be kind of cool.
What's it called? I need to watch this.
HERESTOALL who probably could stand a chance on American Idol if they could bring their shower on stage.
thanks for the mention!
Beating balls at the range= playing scales and arpeggios
thanks for coming! Nice to finally meet you and we'll see you at Burnhearts soon.
Locking down schedule as I have a deployment next week. Will DM you openings but always love morning coffee. :-)
tough loss last night, but we are gonna be ok, can't wait to take the bus to Chicago to put out the Fire!!!
#Badgera in position for win!
except Justin.tv only displays in flash and the app costs $5?! Bah! Next time I'm at my laptop :)
i am a belieber
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort. -Gloria Steinem
It feel too good outside
In search for a good book.
My aunt wants me to tutor her in math so she can pass a college exam??
I have really beautiful friends!!!
My cousin refuses to follow me , what a jerk -_-
Oh Okay!
txt me punk !
Our White Peony tea is a major hit with customers!!
yes, definitely. I can drop it off this weekend or Monday. Which ever works better for you :)
jeremy evans
I am from Maryland. What kind of info. are you looking for?
ah. Kids are intimidating but why? If things go south break out the cupcakes.
#Java whyUnoFormat output like I want and not like I program
Thanks you so much!
Our likes are at an unlucky number! Somebody else like our band! lol
No? K y'all asked for it.
Write about your competition. make awards programs--give awards to giant competitos. They'll give u links
agreed but he keeps bringing the ball down on offense; needs to stay high
Here, here! RT Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened - Dr Suess has some wise words!
you should hear she and I conversate lol. If you wanna see heartless... we have you covered lol
ultimate tip… content is king!
Barely made it to class!!
CALLING ALL 21 AND OLDER FEMALE FOOTBALL PLAYERS! INBOX ME OR TWEET ME
honestly, Felix is better with a 1-2 run lead- or none at all.
why dont they put you in the cage, you need to get your ass beat, douchbag c:
I'm really gonna miss my baby sister while she's in Tampa this week
oh my gosh that movie is AMAZING
RT : RT : Hey, #Pittsburgh area kids! Come out to the #Kids Club Sat Mar 3 at 11AM & meet...
RT Creativity is a key property of all living systems and contributes to natureʻs inherent ability to sustain life - Fritof Capra
: lolz well im not a white girl.! Im a latin guy.! ;P
I almost killed my dad and I in the car today 😨 I was so scared
fun filled day with
Bring on the Washington Wizards!...or not...
Really nervous for tomorrow.
Santorum bracelet: "MAKE UP STUFF"
do it.
If The Binding of Isaac came out on the Vita, that'd be all it would take to get me to buy one.
chance for rain on Saturday only up until noonish. Skies will begin to clear out afterwards. Sat night looks nice!
I believe it's July 2. You going to be around?
If you're participating in any May Day activities today, remember that the #publiclibrary is free and open to everyone. #Occupy it.
yep, and there's no *right* way to do it.
The rolled out the red carpet tonight for my friend's son, who has cancer.
oh. turns out the girl that was singing (horribly) was the girl that got "Made" a couple month ago on MTVs #Made. lol.
The Community Cleanup and Greening Act (SB 511) has been introduced in the MD Senate! Thanks to our 10 sponsors, incl !
it's already 1AM ? i always get so deep into movies that I don't know where the time goes !
What kind a phone you got? RT : 4G is nothing but 3G with a label. I'm paying more money and 3G is faster on my phone. FML
": I can't really explain it, I'm so into you now, I wanna be more than a friend to you now."
Its cool doe, I ain't even mad.
I fancy strawberry daiquiris.
I Love You So Much...(:
I had to pick up my daughter..where is he starting?
the beer was excellent.
Passed the test(: this girls getting her permit!
Admire and beware ... The Cultural Revolution is finally in the United States . Please no Mao hats hats
how things with you?
so guess who needs to borrow eve's bayou for real now? (cc: )
When the soul lies down in that grass the world is too full to talk about.” ― Rumi
I would be tempted too. It's so succinct! Though, a report w/ sections corresponding to each frame would equally rock ^_^
I need some sleep
First grader, on my shell necklace: "Miss! Are you the Queen of Snails?"
It amazes me to see big name ad agencies not update their website footer with the right year.
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED WILL SOMEONE TAKE A PIC OF IT TRENDING AND TWEET IT TO MEE!
If You'll Lie, You'll Steel, If You'll Steel, You'll Kill
Procrastination is my game
I have opinions! Have you heard the new St. Vincent album?
On a certain level, I do find a measure of comfort in that. Now I'm just trying to blank the visual of a bleached nether region :/
No, they are the fearful. Conservatives fear any change, retreat to familiar, safe. Fear also makes them easily manipulated.
RT : A5: You have to remind members about the scholarships, which are due in June!
": Where are all the Luke Fickell haters now? #idiots"
Lunch atop bucks elbow mountain-cedar buzzards and lichen and clear sky
Im great! You need a nashville trip soon! RT : hey! how you doing?
was walking to a meeting in beverly hills, & 4 diff cars honked at each other for separate reasons. in less than 2 min. really necessary??
Drink if you see sequins!
There is only one brand of tire made for my car and its $130.
jaden smith better than diggy simmons
They talkin shit behind my bitch back gotta be talkin bout her fat ass!
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily 23
Im glad you did :)
Jason Aldean tonight with my bro, his gf and the hubs!
You can watch the game, you can play the game, or you can change the way the game is played...be a Gamechanger!
No being singular plural is what we are as a humanity under the dominating forces of neoliberalism
I feel like wacthing Mean Girls. -___-
Keep an eye out for for us on your campus as we hand out free magnets and carabiners with our fliers!
#GhostAdventures how I enjoy you so. But I must start hw....nah fuck that
TSOI-NY went to Webster Hall to see of heart and it was sold out! No dice 4 me.
Shes taller than me *sigh
she needs to
nice! And here is an idea: donate to women in detention x mothers day?
Watching the movie "Trading Places" w/ Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroid never gets old.
HATERR!! I Was tired and had to work!
I'd wear my contacts more often but I just don't see the point of needing to see a crow get electrocuted by a telephone pole 86 feet away.
nice huh ?
short form. not ready for prime time. better but no cigar.
Fill in the Blank: I could really do with some __________________.
follow me(: thanks(: you probably wont but its worth the try!! <333
I live my gairy toes
Eric Church is a moron. Keith Urban, Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood & Blake Shelton aren't real artists? Go ahead &Dixie Chicks ur career
"FERRIS BUELLER, YOU'RE MY HERO."
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.” ? Maya Angelou
thanks and #FF back!
she's super cute!! pinch her cute cheeks for me hahah? :)
Its really annoying that my feet don't touch the ground when I'm sitting in most chairs.
THANX SWEETY! I WILL SAVE UR NUMBER..THANX FOR THE VIP INVITE :)
Batmobile? RT : #DramaProm transportation options: Metro, Taxi, Motorcycle, or ?
Yeah. He thinks because you're not interested in HIM you must be on the other team. Like I said, an idiot. (;
Did you know that WALTER BRENNAN won THREE Oscars?!
NUMBER ONE TOP TWEET TRENDING IN THE USA TODAY #PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight Whats 's tweet?
I hope the studying is productive for you. Hey, do you want to meet up for tea sometime?
Awesome flash mob by the skylight opera theatre at the world's lrgst coffee break!!!
It's people nit-picking about line changes and small crap like that.
What should you see in Barcelona?
Shooting a music video
ELITE 8 BABY!!!!
Hey awesome drawings I especially like the Spawn and Court of Owls; Talon Drawing
oh :D
People better learn to appreciate who they have in their life because other's are always looking to upgrade!!!!
shit I bought GSK off Amazon cause fuck Apple.
Didn't Tyler Myers grow last year, he should be as tall as Chara or taller now.... Right?
I'm focusing on the dirty martini to clear my head before I go back to hang myself... oops I mean more boards
All that noise hasn't stopped the #Lakers from finally playing as a team tonight. Finish it out Lakers!
RT please!? Im a huge fan!! :) retweet anything just put my name in it :)
This will sound dumb, but what is FF and E?
Ryan today is the 4th. . . Phnless !!!
Watermelons for practice.
I haven't tweeted in days, such ashame!
I loved reading in Minneapolis. Ian and Euan Kerr thanks for the care you put into your interviews. It was a pleasure.
#bookaday BEING TEDDY ROOSEVELT by Claudia Mills Will be recommending this one to 2nd graders during biography Wax Museum project
Hate sucks Rosie in any form! Think of the bullying you're doing!
Up Set.
why am I in the office today?
Always nice when #KingFelix blanks the other team, or any #Mariners pitchers does that really!
RT if you relaxing at home. -- Destini .✯ ()
Stupid ah females<<<<<<< lol
Game of thrones is, amazing.
the minibosses just came up on a king crimson pandora station. how unexpected
operates the NM office of , which has saved local clients an average of 23.6% since 2008.
Huh guessing I should of done some of my homework...but nah
bahahaha! Oh well! :)
The countriest of bumpkins.
We use the OraQuick Advance HIV1/2 Antibody Test for use with oral fluid. It is the only oral rapid HIV test approved in the US by the FDA.
Please follow me !!!<333333333333333333333333333333
Great stuff at dinner.
Happy Birthday to the best 2 year old I know... Kaya Breckyn. So excited to celebrate w/ her and !!!!
the funny thing is she's not the best the MA Dems can do but it's the best they think they have to do. Kinda sad really.
Don't try to be something you're not, just be you!
hello! Just saw your message. Explain about yourself to me. My email is .
Getting paid today woop woop! Going shopping maybe tomorrow
The author @ waxy nails it: "If Google's search engine dominance started with an 'and,' it might just end with a '+'."
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. ~ Julia Roberts
in Vegas?
ESPN News - No. 1 Syracuse (20-1) upset by Notre Dame, 67-58; Murray State only remaining unbeaten team
You better! :)
Lakers vs. Heat in the finals..who taking the trophy home?
i miss her
You fell for that Twalue thing too?
I miss the sound of your voice <3
wait the front front or the stairs to go into the auditorium? Lol
A jealous girl is a faithful girl.
were so good on the voice :)
>:( I vote you dont go to the Indians game. :D I'll make it up with a Clippers game when you come here. ;D
Lets make it easy for Hey ? #FreeChrisLoeschAgain Stop caving into the LiberalTwitGetsapo !
TODAY 11-2 RAIN OR SHINE Lunchtime Food Truck Gathering. #HHDSD - Trucks:
Ugh. RT Phillies possibly on the verge of picking up Mike Sweeney. Perhaps Howard's injury is far worse than we've feared.
The phrase that drives me crazy: "Any ethnicity except caucasian." Sigh...
common Chris, you know you want to!
Thx for passing along the fix!
its just my opinion... We're all entitled to our own opinions right sam?
more good times at the maritime cabanas 5-10pm:) then pink elephant til 4am.
My old guy rant for the day: People currently working in news don't know what "breaking news" means. Maybe there should be a class,
I didn't realize you had to show up at 9:30 AM to get a pass to see Santa. Wasted trip w/a dressed up baby last night.
Listening to The Madcap Laughs, and I'm not referring to the new Sinead O'Connor album (but I just listened to that too).
Can't wait for some Sunday night shows.
I know YOUR abstract was fantastic. Hope to see you at
nau "what can u bring to your students?" new online instructor - "charisma"
watching the shark tank. I'm fired up. this show has motivated me (to get out of bed and eat a pop tart)
#isastc character building via gaming.
Omw to waste 75 minutes of my life...
Kicking off #techinmotionphilly !!
BBQ, Umw apartment 424. 12:00-2:00 pm. Would love to have you of you're free!
Thinking about an stop this week...
Have an extra shot for me :)
I KNEW root vegetables were the source of your vim and vigor.
Finally getting through my analog Netflix stack with The Great Escape. They seem to really not want to say that they're held by Nazis.
'It seemed... A place for us to dream'
Some old Indian guy has been sitting in his car staring at me every time I go to the parking lot.
I doubt that's going to be the theme for next season though...
Haha. The cost of generic food is rising.
Not surprised to hear baby boomers talking about health care and future of social security.
Lord, I beg of you... Please take the evilous thoughts out of my mind. I am seeing jail time flashing before my eyes.
heading over to visit Kimberly @ Simply Desserts to pick up some sweet treats for a birthday cookout this afternoon!
Sprit of Excellence Health Fair !!
I tried Glogster last fall for level 1 me gusta project, but free version had too many issues, not likely to try again.
Keeping my fingers crossed on this Spectrum/Sonic Boom CD auction on eBay. Almost to the 24-hour mark.
Osu/Duke tonight!
I am sad and disturbed to see equal rights flushed down the toilet by voters. Sick!
right...even you can't be that bad
miss you already
Happy Friday! May it be free of Rebecca Black songs! :)
Nope. Easiest way to keep check >> Visit our website >> 'All University Jobs' >> Scroll Down.. >> Select 'Location' >> Search.
Alyssa needs a twitter so I can tweet about her more officially.
Just about died when I found out were going to be on the <3
I want to be friends with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. How cool would that be?
bo, unless you're headed to Chicago...then YAAAAY! :)
From the Irish word seamrog, meaning “little clover,” the shamrock was regarded by early Celts as a charm against evil spirits.
Let us know if you still want this posted.
yes! Aha
Playing records tonight with and the lovely tending bar 10 til close! (insert obligatory 4/20 joke here)
C should not downsize. I am adamantly opposed to that. FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair needs to resign.
Temp of 104.5. Sick as a dog. Could really watch Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home but SOMEONE won't give it back. Ahem ......
yes! very soon! and hopefully it will be GORGEOUS out!
that sounds all sorts of delicious. Too bad the only one in MA is in a mall. Which is now closed.
checked you guys out man love it. Coming to new Orleans anytime soon? Maybe we can show trade if we come to la?
Totally inspired.
Best line of this movie: "If a man wants to see you, he'll find a way to see you"
It took me roughly 2 minutes to type out 'abbreviations' on my phone.
Easter season is a reminder to die to self and rise in spirit! Fear shrinks and Love expands. May you allow your blessings!
Is anyone interested in playing words with friends? Let's play! My user name is jamiesfc
that looks delish
I highly recommend cache. They were great and lived playing barbie dress up!
Cmon mav card I need you to just work 9 more days!
just told me the drink I made tastes like the inside of a Warhead. Hmm? I guess if you like Warheads that's a win?
and all the other students whose computers don't read D2L files - the word doc for the assignment due today is up. :)
Wheelchair basketball the rage in Wisconsin
Tbh Simon gave good reason why he didn't approach Mariah for the second time. Some lambs smh…MC was not even shading Britney at all.
Still gotta make this bowl
We want everyone to check out its a great program and here at NTA we hope soon we can start helping our cities young talent!
yea we need to get to work
#FF thxs and welcomes new follows Move your way!
ugh I feel so stupid right now
And great question. I have part 2 going up at NPR tomorrow (though it doesn't take up morality explicitly, I should in future).
and all the fans that would show up at the premire!
david dejesus. that is all.
Thanks for letting your list follow us
Done following. Follow me back
Goddamn y'all my reading is tomorrow! Nervous, nauseous, terrified. I may be drinking by noon. It'll be fine.
J.p morgan...back at it again....whos gonna suffer this round......
“ God weed, white wine.”
"She's so evil, and she's only in highschool" in jawbreaker.... so funny!
who's down with JPP?
about to make my 300th vote. #boomsauce!
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
Wow, the Chicago stands are empty. Crazy that we have more people in those sections than the Fire have in any of theirs.
I'm scared and alone in this new twitter world. What a rookie.
webwise it's pretty awesome, we had Levar Burton this morning.
seth came out when he scored 10 straight points for us and never came back in
New hockey town?!?: Round 3 tickets at sold out in under 10 minutes
No tears no shade is my motto
Thank you!
Can music define us?
Follow ! Currently buying back text books!
gettin ready for a girls night out =) anyone who wants to join, text me!!! ->KimBeezy<-
Having a great Wednesday so far! Lookin' forward to new event meetings, SupperClub later!
I do. :) What's he think, since he's a dad? Have you read it?
Oh and a nigga who is 18 that wears glasses.
Story of my life and ur just a turned page...
what's bringing you out??
Thank u so MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME AND TAKIN UR TIME TO DO THT!u made my Night I WILL NEVER FOR GET THIS I EVEN WROTE IT DOWN!!
Hi Rick! I'm a BIG fan of yours, as I grew up watching you. Lol Thanks for the follow!
4 years ago i got shot! went in one way and came out the other! #blessed!
Work was slow with no excitement today bo!
when are you coming home?!?!
One cat to the right of me purring, the other to the left of me snoring.
Mikael: MD Harm'n: assuming one is exchanging a diversity of syntaxes
3 random people called me!!Im scared!!:O
Okay, I guess I'm not going to my game today.... Considering I should be there now....
I use 1 class blog for grad stdts. It's easier for both me and my students to keep track of posts that way, & fosters community.
RT : that comment by that moron is beyond the pale./Totally absurd! They shouldn't have a leadership position.
RT : If you haven't heard, this years date is May 19th (9-5) - spread the word! MTM
i wanna ride a motorcycle
I hope he's being good for you :) have fun!
Ugh I don't like Erica from Bad Girls Club .
#fourpeaks There's never been a better time to make a paper based book.
Bucks come up with terrible chances at the end of an important game, sounds familiar
I wanna go ham at something just once in my life.
Well fuuuccck I should reschedule my trip to Alaska then too haha.
GAH. *Robert* Benchley. It's been a long day.
we'll be at Hard Rock Hollywood tonight for opening. We need to walk red carpet with you! is a sponsor tonight.
I'll bet you were dressed to kill...
Thanks Alexander. Have a Happy New Year too!
Fuck it Im cute right ? nosa JK - Idc I want all the biddies to follow my shit talking
the immune system is evident
Best week off ever. Great friends
Loud for the Ax
Romney and Brown make same weak HCR case. Good if done by states but not by feds. What happened to country first?
Watching Cincy big men and they just stand around when don't have the ball. They find a block n plant on it and wait for a pass!
6 core...16 gig ram...ready to reset.
: shoot i don't either.! Tehe you too & okie dokie, you go mimis.! =) nighty night.
dm me alex. please? ive been waiting since you followed me......... ):
Thanks Corey. I think I owe you a happy belated bday. :)
Possible game changer in Vikings Stadium debate. Watch Sunrise to hear what city is adding its name to the site list.
Did I really just get called an "angsty punk rock girl"
While our minds need order and fairness, much of life is neither fair nor just. Thats a problem for many of us and is a Mojo killer
I want to see heat maps that show the relative amounts of time people spend looking at individual words/lines in poems.
Starting a new painting today, called "echo," echo, echo, echo...
'I Love you' in a relationship
Looks like the "official" Dane County Republicans have finally joined the twitters. All two of them!
Baby anti-monkey butt.
doing everything you want in those six days
silly goose it can be allergies :P btw I miss you :(
fuck it they got the good pussy plus they know some tricks they got experiance
Java time at the kiosk. creek grand ave.
We usually think of what was taken from us, more than what was given to us..
Pressure turns rocks to diamonds
try to chant about #craftbeer #pgh #pcbw #pensin7. Those should get a much better response.
because I'm a psychic. I actually watch that clip like 50 times a day. It's inexplicably awesome. Maybe a little bit hot, too.
I'm not sure I understand the question
Warm thanks for the #mention !
Attend this free webinar presented by HubSpot's VP of Marketing, Mike Volpe, to learn strategies for a successful website redesign
We need the rich people so that the poor will have something to aspire to.
Test was easier than I thought it would be...
“: #FunWestFact I don't really like being light skinned. I love being in the sun and getting golden bronze”<~ SO!
truck them the can look but they cant touch lol trust me some dudes were staring at my sister and whistleing and saying hy girl
Life is 2 short NOT be who u are & NOT do what u love. Don't let circumstances determine ur destiny, never give up on the dream....C J
I go hard So hard !
can I have a follow please? I've been trying for almost a year!
I'm dumb as shit for jus puttin my JR in the bathtub wit his socks on...smdh
Hmm, Red Hook lobster truck is in Ballston today. cc
you should see me today! Yuck! You're always gorgeous!
Through experience I have learned that it is dangerous to make predictions or follow the pros. They are usually wrong and costly.
Happy mother day to all the moms out there!'<3 (:
Yeah right oh well thanks anyways for being you :) !*)
In case you missed it yesterday, Bring Me The Horizon w/ Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, While She Sleeps - September 26!
This morning we handed out 237 toiletry items to our #homeless community members!
yep... maybe chugging some water will get this out of my system! :oP
Seski excited to bring big feet to stomp in Lane County playground tomorrow!
Don't you dare get rid of that get involved shirt! <-- seriously
YOUR vote counts! Send in your ballot & vote YES 4 #oneunion #sagaftra "03" was decided by just 600 votes!!! Dual cardholders get TWO votes!
See ya'll in Ky for your Well Lit & Amplified Tour.. BS is it safe to say your freekin awesome? :D
Whenever God slew them they would seek him they eagerly turned to him again. They remembered that God was their Redeemer. psalm 78:34,35
Perfect! See you then!
I would hate if u liked boys.
r u currently in the southern hemisphere?
love the ode to Saint Slater!
Tomorrow 3rd ward
No I don't think that's why they call it window pane.
Walt Bodine isn't exactly a sports fan but he puts on his game face for an interview with author/reporter Blair Kirkhoff. On live.
Item two (on my 30 things to do by age thirty list): learn to two-step
Excellent trip concluded. Early to bed, early to rise and drive back to that city where all those nerds hang out.
#alliclass will do twitter minutes (by me). Just getting set up. Discussing Practically Radical by William C. Taylor
Thanks so much! I'm definitely blessed. :)
SS excited for Million Dollar Listing: LA to be back on!!:)
at livestrong park last summer. it was awesome. excited for some timbers games too:)
Twitterverse: Does anyone know if Gold's Gym does month-to-month memberships?
Up front and center for Sonny Rollins at Paramount tonight. Anyone else going?
I hate attention whores whose looks are worth Shit! Sweetheart ain't nobody thinking bout you.
Everyone tries so hard to be an activist and to be a good person nowadays. Where are all the assholes at?
where are you beaner dancing lol
Dear immune system: can you please start doing your job and get rid of this nasty feeling I have, before I get full blown sick! Thanks.
Yw! Really enjoyed it!
yea...touchdown!!
Two strikes away from winning the world series. Go rangers!
Baxter you know I don't speak Spanish! Fitting though since we're hitting the Mission: Shotwell's at 9! cc
I hope everone loves their job as much as I do.
lol did you dance on the table?
Is there anyplace we can look up your signing/convention itinerary? I didn't see such a thing at your blog.
Watching Trayvon Martin program on CNN. Hope some answers surface fast. Something is wrong here and this kind of stuff keeps happening.
: IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
Physical security describes measures that are designed to deny access to unauthorized personnel.
done! i just followed them!
its like a mixture of blondes! It dnt look ghetto or anything lol its hot, ill send u a pic! & red! I want a pic!!
RT if Zayn doesn't follow you. I'm giving him a list of names to follow. MUST be following :-) x
We're even more excited to have you there!
i think Neely said he wanted to party tonight
There aint no rest for the wicked, till we close our eyes for good.
“: Got that dub in the first round! Got Sheridan next round. #cantbestopped” 🙌🙏🙌🙏
Sure thing!!!
Thank God for wives the greatest gift of all
Greeting to you!
You are most welcome! Hope you enjoy Theo as much as we do! :)
#no r.e.m this one goes out to the one i love an u no who u r<3
you have some sick profile pics, brother! Nice work.
. So serene and beautiful...
Triple FTW? :p
always lol its hump day and i am going to
Shifman: Buffetts created NoVo to invest in undervalued population: girls.
dont say that. Im 5 episodes in on netflix
Too much news from muted TVs at bars...or maybe just enough. News ticker = Twitter tv.
Happy birthday to the girl who took 3.4 shots and passed out. #$3.91gas
I've lived here in Vegas 23 years and I love this town, too.
make sure to get out there. It was amazing. Nothing like hooking up with packer fans on the other side of the world
Happy Easter! Have a great day!
love drinking detox tea before bed.
"cantankerous" was stuck to the bottom of my laptop...it's up for grabs as well.
Wait...Jaymz is in the midst of playing 3 Irish pubs in 3 days in 3 different cities?....someone please put out an APB..
"Indescribable, uncontainable, You placed the stars in the sky and know them by name. You are amazing God!" Our God is so so amazing!
song=mouse trap, album=nowhere
It literally took all night and a good part of this morning, but I booked a small profit.
Getting excited about PLA!
Thinking about putting #Gettin2TheMoney on what you think?
Weird is good, by the way. ;-)
#MyPaastRelationships weren't what I was lookin for. I want you<3
Can't tell if it's my pride,dignity, or self esteem, but I'm feeling as if I'm not good enough. Going to sleep at 2, can't think while sleep
Enjoyed meeting you and addressing participants with you at You were an excellent on-stage presenter!
“: you're such a babe”
by the way did Crystal think when you told here?
Enjoyed discussing prospering in the Identity Economy with UnBoundID this morning. APIs, big data and run-time integration driving change
#uwgrad ready to lead the official party to the stage for this morning's commencement. Congrats to all the graduates out there!!!
RT : Headed to the Bradley Center for my first game of the season. Monta and BJ gettin us the W!!
In other news - Avengers - still awesome - worth the Imax just to feel the Scale of Whedon's conception - DvL
have fun on your first day! L for love!!
"Put the writings in your heart, and you will be protected... Do you not recall the (fate of) the unskilled man? His name is not known."
Does Christina ever wear pants anymore? lol
So relieved that Zuckerberg is sans hoodie.
I bet you're right :P
ohh:( I had one yesterday..I hope you feel better:)
Headed to get the car detailed..
have to remember that im doin this for two now <3 to my girl C.M.
Sorry, no games.
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
Oh ok.
drawing from imagination this time.
Informal does not mean casual, unstudied, or undisciplined - Dean Feuer
blah blah
: This news just made my night! :)
ohh and no the roomate msg has nothing to do w/ me.i've been living solo for long enough i enjoy it..but the friend would be a great roomie
So there was a random car on fire on my block....
Running the marathon, half marathon, relay, or Urban 10-miler? Yes, you MUST come to Expo at Mile High - NO race day Packet Pick-Up..
haha I always do that! :)
Today is the last day for the #jaws ride at #Universal #Orlando. We'll go and post a #video to our website.
Everybody be safe tonight!!!
That's basically the fake fruit, right? I mean, it's like thanking the Easter bunny for black jelly beans.
is follwing me :O i love Serianna!!
Working 9-6. 'Til then I'm gonna need everyone to regale me with typo-laden texts and tales of whiskey-soaked revelry
So much great Magnetic Fields banter. They didn't play the 2nd verse of a new song to "save the surprise" for when we listen at home.
You say you like me but then you go to some other girl.. I want to say #dontevencare but in reality I'm saying #OneThing ...
I love a good "Court Jester" reference in the morning!
I *knew* there was something I was forgetting :)
Unknown artist? Unload your music for sell...www.whoorli.com
keeps getting #autoaccident/#mva patients. Luckily, under #Chiropractic care, they get much better sooner than going to their MD!
Can get a badge or certificate for that?
Discovering who you really are is one of life's continuous journeys...
Thanks for all the work! Just let me know when its all done, the IT committee will use as test to promote paid version next year
If you'd know where it was, you'd know where it was. -Grandma...
After all that, Ishikawa pops out on first pitch. Ballgame.
got one in the fridge waiting for me (w/cornbread crust). maybe shd roast a chicken just to have it in the fridge?
ready to get in the game
really? Right on! The burger even has kale on it :)
Free for All Friday is here! Scott, Cheryl, and Dr. Jeff will tackle the issues of the day! Don't miss it!
#Bars RT you ain't from russia, so bitch why you rushing (russian) hahaha
Noodle is awesome.
Haha, no I do! And he's real! Not made-up! I have just been really busy lately as you know ;)
Stay tuned, free "lite" version due out soon! Shhh :)
Since I'm about to record my show... any requests? Amy?
Sandra, please contact me at regarding a KWFA Freeling Friday contest ~Thanks! Heather
Always love the Bundesliga, also a great goal by Arsenal in the Premiership.
been waiting since that day...
fed gov like a 10x walmart $ size company that gives away $ and power. Creates different culture. NIH alone is 30 B
m m drink it in.........in a related topic im often told I smell like whiskey and strippers
Just had the most outstanding customer service experience at #Safeway on Hawthorne in #pdx... grand opening, staff fantastic!
I hate this game already.
I actually enjoy your gleeful bbq tweets.I see a lot of anti-veggie stuff here:"Oh, aren't they a tiresome, joyless bunch," etc.
Things to do tonight: drink, write guest blog post, drink, reread novella prior to restarting the draft, drink, tweet, drink, and drink.
twins follow these kids they are working hard everyday
Scumbag Move by Phil Martelli for sure, funny how no philly writers or have said ANYTHING. COVERUP 4 A BUDDY
Do you have a different one for every class? Or a subject-divided notebook? Or all your notes smushed into one notebook?
Interesing that Math Emporium has 4 instructors for help & scores have gone up. I wonder about retention of skills.
MT : Is it bc I'm new? Do natives just accept 's awful service? Do they not know that other cities have good trans?
Be sure to check out the specials, promotions, financing, service and other departments at Griffin's Hub Chrysler Jeep Dodge.
BIGSEAN! i NEED YOUR EMAIL BRO! NEED TO SEND YOU SOME #BANGERS!
somewhat annoyed at mds' memory leaks
Follow me on
oh yeah oops
Hopefully has a great time watching glee tonight!
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
I didn't take a nap today
Casket Lottery killed it last night!
#UVa defense has been 1970s level horrible this quarter.
stfu light bright
When sked how many contacts, connections, friends/followers you have: Over 250 contacts in Outlook. Proves CPAs are very well connected.
Good morning everyone
what can I say - I live on the edge!
you got this! I realized this morning that I totally hijacked your paper last night. Sorry! I do that sometimes. Lol
always, always
Sounds like fun. 3-weeks to train, you must be in great shape already.
Amazing reading the kind words about MCA from every corner of the artistic world.
what is up with that? Staying in Cincy? DO NOT MISS Montgomery Inn Ribs - best ever! We actually ship them.yum.
you're missing and
ha ha Houston/Austin/San Antonio mostly.
wow what a night u had. And is that a Hitachi magic wand there I see there on the corner?
Are we talking jewel case? And how many pages?
Retweet this: #5210 from the Healthy Kids talk at #tedxnashville ...check it out!
My sister's friend bought me a handle of sky vodka.... Bless his heart!
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean I don't think about you?
Happy to be moderating a session on interactive edu media projects coming out of Taiwan.
yea yea yea...like many ppl say, im like benjamin button.lol
Prioritize your life. That's if you wanna get anywhere.
Moving is not fun gives stress like a divorce or a death in the family. I am a professional. Make life easier. Call me. 817.975.9222
I have klout about sweaters. What.
do u plan to upload new pics anytime soon? lol wanting a new screen saver lol (: #AskAndrew <3
well what did u say???
have fun ya dork :)
Ah, you both have great taste! Thomas is also a very excellent person as well as a great watchmaker.
Rafael Furcal with a rather #YuniEsquey play.
“Be the change you want to see in the world.” ~Mahatma Gandhi
wondering if it's possible to sustain the frequency of blogging that I've done for the past week.
You'd need wifi or internet. Don't judge me :-)
nah man no more. They even had a segment of memories at the end of it
Xbox time
Like followers?
I know the home broadcast team is supposed to be somewhat biased, but the guys working this clippers game are just plain biased
Kudos 4 your moving, touching, engaging acct. in SI of how 2 of the world's best tennis plyrs survived the Titanic. Well done!
that was me yawning just so you know
Always a great day when the Bears win!!!!!
wow, that's awesome!
I let Brendon hang out with his boys, I kinda regret it now D:
Music on. Must focus. So much paperwork to do before I leave for the beach tomorrow. Really don't want to get stuck working from the beach.
Watching last night's #Dbacks #Dodgers game ~ hilarious how trashy #LA fans are. Cheering when an ump gets hurt. Those "people" are garbage.
Sometimes, a workout is so tough, I think I'd rather be fat.
Exactly what we're shooting for! RT : I've got one! It tastes just like oreos.
Wrath of Khan? RT : Happy birthday to , the Earthling who banged every female member of my extended family.
wish I could attend. First year that I will not be present
Bed. CCD at 9 AM because where gonna walk around revere? 😖Lmao idk but night. 😚💤
hi hater!
hey! What's the score?
. True, just curious. So that means you believe in mccoy??
#royalwedding...nobody gives a f!
“: to each is own i guess” yes. But our country can not afford him, or this congress, for four more years.
I don't have to get up in the morning
I Love Having 's Song "Just A Friend" Stuck In My Head!!! I Love It So Much!!!! :)
It's a beautiful day! Thank you, sunshine!
@ Paris today!
January 20th its goin down!M3 & Hot TV puttin on a show for the whole 409!EON will be performing!!!!
really ridiculous bcause self defense is 2b be w/use of identical force #TrayvonMartin didn't even have a weapon
hahah I want a bat mitzvah
Reminder: Tomorrow 1st of the month 20 % off your purchase...come to any of our 3 locations and do you Sunday Shopping!
Its on and poppin, the Casey trial down here begins NOW!!!!
“Receive Jesus today with respect and thanksgiving.”
Follow back please !
it's MTV!
and i love how freakin weird you are c:
The moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better then them
Well today was extremely uneventful
---> RT : Dear North Carolina, "sanctity of marriage" is your aim? So, when are you banning divorce?
Haha....silent movies!
lol I've been in a huge project.
Alexis Johnson, a charter student, says her school is helping her in college and life
as long as Giants have a home field advantage in the super bowl I'm happy
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear "I cheated on you."
yes, the waiting game...good luck!
You can do that if you feel threatened. I'm having GoDaddy look at the IP for me. Innocent until proven guilty. You're fine.
-- sounds sensuous and deeply serene <3
Get song " Girl I Used To Know" FREE on their facebook page and while your there ' like' their facebook page! Thanks! :) RT
Happy Easter all
Waking up in 6 hours... goodnight moon
Links Between Smoking During Pregnancy And Autism
If u need something or wanna talk just DM me!!!:)
Electro night at the Davis Graduate tonight
hahaha, very funny. But seriously. They also have Theo chocolate, Cypress Grove cheese and sprouted corn tortillas. Wtf?
really? He's right next to me!
FYI...You look fantastic as a blonde! I saw your #FB page. Wish I was a friend on there! #BIGFAN of
Well welcome! When's the NIYP wrap party ;)
Finally in Charlotte! Whew! What a looonngg day!
Be serious actors who want to do Comedy.
Seriously, dude?! Ur guy has dressage horses as a hobby!! Ridiculous. Come up w/something real 2 complain abt
awe shucks. Still love u :)
Garbage at the 9:30 Club?! HELL YES!
Modernizr exists to put an end to user agent (UA) sniffing.
# real talk
And 50 minutes of overtime
no you said delicious >:)
Thanks for the RT!
#userfocus OK we need some case study examples of content strategy...
Today in 1967, Thurgood Marshall confirmed as 1st African American Supreme Court Justice. Serves for 24 yrs.
Seeing many kids fraying at edges. HS tchrs at end of sem remember: the quality of mercy is not strained.
One Time For For The Follow Go Check Them Out They Got Some Nice Kicks!!
For people who dgaf about my last post.. #TadowSlapbow ya self
What's going on late night people?!
great time at #cherryblossom festival taking photos But it's not hard 2 take good pics of 1 of the most beautiful things I've ever seen
be back later!
Presentation tomorrow for ela, wish me luck!
what up cuz
Oh is that so??!! Well don't I get a flash pass??
I need to get my nails filled... asap
Hoes Want Attention....Women Want Respect...!
Get your tweet on at Advanced Social Media for Journalists Sat. Nov. 13, 10 am-noon at KGTV studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 non-members.
speaking the truth about the #GOP gridlock on transportation.
Yeah can't blame you there! I missed a ton of training because I was sick as hell! Anytime you need someone to box, let me know!
Hey! Thanks for the follow! Tally Bound right?
Thanks SISSSSY!!! I hope I see you tonight. Love!
Thanks, Raquel! We appreciate you!
haha, too cute! I think I would be doing the same! Hope you are fabulous, lady! Miss ya.
Valerie, i'll never meet :'c
The weirdest compliment ive ever gotten is when people tell me i have beautiful hands
I think I might watch this season (:
Hanging out with and wife and the Pagan. Getting material for Sunday sermon.
Only Source of Knowledge Is Experience, Git Busy!!
I actually llol'd at "..and we gotta clean up first" hahaha you're stoopid for that one
being able to just enjoy the show as a show helps a lot. but what do I know. I was a Carrie.
lol he's just now seeing that???
hoodies + skittles + black = "gangsta"? MT Its common sense-look like a gangsta&some armed schmuck will take you at your word
why do you promote race wars just to hold power? Why do You want innocent people to die?
The day breezeways goes outta business >>>>>>> that place should not be in existence
cheese cake left on the breakroom table lol
Love can make you cry but it can always bring a smile
I'm really impressed with the ender dragon
anything going on with "What's Good" #DEATHSQUAD Podcast?!?
TY for RT . So glad to find you & #systemsofengagement on Twitter. # socialmedia
What will Gail Collins be speaking about next week ?
Over all, your teammates are ABSOLUTELY useless if they are AI. Also, camera angles are atrocious in tight quarters.
I'm going back to quad party haha
get rich or die trying? He's a bad ass.
no problem :)
Alex Salmond just got introduced as a touch of class on Craig Ferguson.
seeing our first candiate for the position tenure-track. All finalists are very good !
FOLLOW and RE-TWEET THIS to enter to win the new iPad! Winner will be picked once they hit 65,000 followers.
I never heard of him either.
Reluctance to put people in harms way + big $$ = dangerous gov’t sponsored #SciFi like technologies and drugs.
Let's help #FindLauren... www.findlauren.com
I took my little pug aj to get neutered today :( I have to pick him up at 4. I miss him <3
This insomnia is kickin my as....
Someone message me im bored :p
followed you back !
If you are struggling with your mortgage contact me THERE IS HELP AVAILABLE......
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
SUPER CUTE! i'll be in ATX this weekend!!!! :)
I can think of one in particular who begs daily
aw, thanks Dane! I like Boston Creme.
i'm bout to botch the shit out of this presentation tmrw...
Also big ups to for sitting in with us last night!
Yes I'm serious.
How I Feel, Sober, Alanis/KOL mashup, Ready--please & thank you! :D
#schoolmemories laughing my head off at lunch with my friends..we still do that
Same here :)
I am! Lol at like 7 or so
Thank you to my fans!
S/O To my new follow !!! Dm for my music links
You got it!
Will do.
Suddenly thought about "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" today. Hope the 2012 prophecies don't happen that way. Familiarize us and then destroy us.
#yougottaberealspecial to fumble the ball twice. Way to go Kerry Collins. Go back to retirement.
cause he's definitely going to have a meet n greet(:
Somedody said u was lookin for me...HERE I GO:-)
whats going on twitter talk to me or writ me if you talk to me I dnt know what I would do!
ha. well, I guess not that literally.
I'm at the 10th Annual Senior Ball, sponsored by State Senator Antoine Thompson. More than 700 wonderful Seniors from the 60th Distrtct
I'm gonna fart in YO MOUTH
I will be at wednesday night!!! missed it last week now im READY READY READY!
Sad to hear the news about Really like his music. Hope he's not in any pain.
you're welcome! Im excited for you.
Close... but no cigar. It's a woman I also spend a lot of time with.
The water show at the Georgetown Waterfront Park is back on in the evenings.
hahaha, I barely know any of it & idek how it got stuck in my head
Now, do I get to see what comes next anytime soon or do I have to make it myself? Because I'm prepared to do that.
Hi. Congrats on the DAMS project. Sounds fun!
We're the #eHarmony of #apartment searching. We match perfect people with the perfect apartments. Trust us, we'll take care of you. :)
“: FACT: You cant say the letter "M" without your lips touching.” false. I just did it. Just put ur hand in ur mouth.
welcome to Pullman......
way too many! Something's gotta change here!
what do I need to do to either a) meet you b) play a round with you or c) have a beer with you?
Awesome to hear so many new voices at !!! General Assemby
When someone tries too hard to be funny <<<<< smh stop lol
The tyrant doesn't care he ruins lives. He is simply happy he can do so without consequence.
no problem! You better be cheering me on this weekend against the Steelers!
Special s/o to all the mothers who made beautiful girls 😁😌
Hey, guys, has finished #fiftyshades so you don't have to! go check out her excellent tweets.
: "You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes." James 4:14 Think this through for your priorities.
#HidesUnderBed RT : Q5. There are no secrets here! Which Chicago newscaster do YOU have a crush on?
I hate those people who ask what is a trend that's trending . Like if you don't know then don't ask .
lol ight i been makin plenty! Who be doing yo mixtape cover?
Damn you May 1st!!!! First Yo, now Gamel! Terrible.
look at the natural behaviors of people in relation to art--those all become the basis for possible interactions
What is the worst film to win the Best Picture #Oscar in Academy Award history? 1929 to 2012?
does anybody know who won the pla presidential election?
no can do with me. just hoping to be able to catch more home games than the one last year (#BedlingtonCup)
Okay day at work, and got to kick it with the Mista. Overall great day
More people are finding out bout F and it's becoming like hurricane Katrina.
cool now for Waking The Dead.
Glad you love PeekAnalytics. Josh Mackey (GM of PeekAnalytics) will be in touch early next week with pricing, etc.
Black guy sup with the white guy he ok need him to tweet! Pats fan
Set-up and ready to take the stage @ BILLY'S ICE in New Braunfels, TX for "New Artist Audition" night with the NEW BAND : 'FretWire' *<];•}$
My favorite place to read is next to a crackling fire when it's snowing outside.
all of #STEELER NATION would follow McFadden if he had a twitter account!
If you're interested, please check out the link and call the salon to make an appointment!
If i have to sit through one more day of school im going to spontenously combust
As much as I love learning about the history of car safety, I'd rather listen to music.
irreverent freaks outdoing themselves 2K12
A study showed 66% of people r afraid of either losing or being separated from their phones....sad kinda. I luv my phone being quiet
Just received my first take-home midterm. 8-12 pages? I'm terrified. :(
Thanks for the shout out ! All are welcome to run, walk or volunteer!
:/ hope your day gets better!
Afternoon workout at this great Brooklyn old school gym.
only the most dominant female endurance athlete ever.. maybe that's too extreme?
SEAN MARSHALL IS THE WORST CLOSER I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY WHOLE LIFE I HATE HIM SO MUCH SEND HIM TO A.
with yeah ha in flex
It's Erica. RT : Is your name Diamond or Tabitha?
Swimming laps is 10 bajillion times harder than running miles. fer serious
Good morning! Early one for me thanks to my youngest little boy. 4:00 a.m. is not quite what I had in mind.
You really know how to annoy me dont you.
Hey, gym....yo' mama!!! Great workout this morning. #ain'tnobodyplaying
..hope you had a great time at The Dr's!! I'm sure you were terrific (as usual) !! Can't wait to see the segment in May!
Bob Sinclair tonight get your glow sticks
Let's get our engines in gear for Webcasting from Boneshakers for Indie River Radio's Official Launch Party on Fri and Sat from Studio 13!!!
Wats. Up twitter
the breed is the "unwanted" my 1st 3 from the street, my 2nd current 3, LA pound and one abandoned
watching accepted, i remember when everybody ran around yelling "Ask me about my wiener!!!"
Tired, need to pee and still running errends. Its a day for isles and glaciers I think.
It's a shame so many don't realize the difference between politics and governing.
are you and mike coming over tonight?
happy birthday 👑🎀
#WhenIWas13 I discovered the wonders of Donald Westlake, a novelist who inspired me to write books.
Gov. Brown reported yesterday: he has collected enuff signatures 2 qualify his tax initiative 4 Nov ballot
you rock, dont ever stop!
8 hrs and I'm free
looking good fellas. Tight!!!!!!!
Friday the 13th = quality movies on the tube!
any word from fritolay?
you and me both
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
agreed on achtung baby!
“The people who are lifting the world onward and upward are those who encourage more than they criticize.” – Elizabeth Harrison
u never chat wit me much nemor an i woudda love 2 have dated u but im taken now im so happy <33
Taking naps on the benches at school 👌
me!! thats usually what I wear around the house
Watch paint dry or watch QPR - Aston Villa. Tough choice.
i only smelled it because I was coming home. Now I am too lazy to see if it still smells. :)
Burger King on Northside and Fair. See y'all in one hour!!!
Downtown ChiTown w/ da skyline @ Epic...Martinis :)
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 81F Fair: 81F Fair
Take me dancing, get me fucked up. Play that old guitar and we will sing. -
Attempting to give myself a crash course in social networking, new media, and internet marketing, specifically for nonprofits. Fun.
Already looking forward to getting off work. I may play some ball today but I plan on working out my lower body
#baltz looking valuable for #terps, game looks a lot like 2006
Who has Tumblr? How do you like it? How often do you visit? Should we be tumbling around too? Discuss.
you hated her... I've been your friend for 9 years and you are friends with her again and ditch my party for hers wow i hope you see this.
I want pancakes.
3 of 5 largest US health plans and over 45 Million subscribers use for cloud identity mgmt - find out why at #RSAC Booth 2751
what quote?!
Hate when stefon falls asleep and I'm full of energy
Software like a sushi, it always has to be fresh
No no, thank YOU. :)
Oh yeah and I had an amazing dream with last night ;D
its sucks here I wanna go to LA B)
Writing does not have to equate punishment. Love and believe in the process.
Yeah. Human rust... What a concept.
This #escaperoutes show makes me want to walk out in front of a convoy of Fords
#InAGhettoHousehold their are bags filled with cans to recycle
Breeders rawk.better than pixies.
like one in a million
I don't fall asleep, I pass out.
lmao u a fool!!!
get on a plane. Now.
I def agree. Ive had runners who are otherwise starch free set personal bests by only taking 60g maltodextrin 1 hour b4 race
I liked your 'Pulling Tweets with Python' blog post.
no problem! Thank you! :)
love your voice!
happy birthday! Hope you guys are having fun.
I think I'd rather be dead than listening to mrs caldwell. just sayin.
We love the way music brings people together.
please tell me I'll Have Another was named as an homage to the Omega House in Animal House
RBP (Really big picture) Series on future events. Science predictions based on Sun’s luminosity rising 10% every 1.1 billion years.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live - moreover, the only one. E. M. Cioran
yes i think. :) i think you're awesome. fear God more. fear men less! :) & good's the enemy of great. lol
remember that one time that you tweeted? Ya... That was fun.
Me and my moms texts messages <3
first wedding tomorrow... im nervous >.<
Just wanted to tell ya how much I love and admire your music and the beautiful person that you are! <3
I'll be on the news this Friday giving an interview for SRO. 9:45am on Q13!
"You say I changed, I say I grew up. Maybe it's time for you to do the same." There certain people I wish would listen 2 this
Smh cheating on me already!!! But that's
I wish i could do more to express my belief in my last retweet.
Their gross
You're welcome. Thanks for the props!
Its okay. Dont be sad... Think of Girl In a Catsuit and when she needs you to save her.
call me
no worries. I'll join you in a few hours when we get to dinner and we can indulge together.. er, virtually. ;-)
After nearly 2yrs.I'll be back in the ring May 14th.Against Tommy Gunn for the STPW heavyweight title.I'm ready to let loose.
YW! RT Thanks for the info ! I think we'll drive; figured lot would be full by now. Gotta pay our respects to
That's just how I live my life
": LOL at the girls with their butts on the sink ! :D" got to love those :)
sale will end Monday morning 4/16. Of course you can have one! Which one do you like best?
para comes from "prepare" not "beside"? Fuck! Quickly - the Latin etymology of paranoia. Mind Defense???
Why do people still read her? Ugh!!!
Join me at Docs Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar Downtown Philly on Friday, November 18 noon to 7 pm .
Wherever faith has led me, performance is going to validate me!
My contact is being stupid ad hurting my eye and I have no other contacts or glasses. FML FML FML
RT: The Feds decided another thing I tried 2 do is illegal. Oh well, Tonette is making a great meatloaf 4 dinner.
Finale already :(
I had K+ to giveaway. No idea what they do, but thought it would be nice. We can't go tonight. I am 2 sick.
Sent you guys an e-mail about working with you! Hope to hear from you soon :)
recording features for
Castlevania tonight! Who's down to party! Hmu!!
hi bryan :)
Slacker radio is amazing :O
the holidays were good, over now! How was yours? HAPPY NEW YEAR
Laci made my day with that
tumblr's down and i'm gonna die.
: no you might've eaten me!
wonderful to hear that! Yes, lots of photographers have shot here!
American Reunion with & ! Watch that movie if you get a chance, I Rawfulled so much!
I've really been under attack lately..seems like everything is happening as I try to finish this album. But I'm learning how to suffer.
This is the saxophonist that you retweet! I wrote a track for you and wanted to send it through. is there an email?
I know my mum said mayb she doesn't know yet!
Jason's Deli's spicy seafood gumbo is delicious👍👍👍
going to record a quick toss for you... you can play it if you want. Will send link in a couple minutes to the mp3
It is Sunday RT : Need to get my life in order
When you called her "quim", I gasped, and everyone in the theatre looked at me like I was an idiot.
oxford here I come!!!! And has already puked... See you soon !!!!!
I'm running a 5k tomorrow morning. Took a walk on Monday and I had Subway for lunch today so it's gonna be a breeze.
thanks buddy! It was a lot of fun.
Damn , yins are only in 1st period .. lol glad I stayed home .
so how's Miami man?!?!
I am not a Selena Gomez fan, but some of the people out there need to relax, it doesnt matter if Justin tweets her a happy birthday!
Hm, do you think Lotusphere will be as exciting as CES?
conferences all day at the inter-con hotel Showcases tonight Check out the facebook page the yellow phone music conference
I finally got my iPhone 4S and my Siri does have a little sass to her.
Sell your throw up, I bet people will buy it for big bucks.
3 yrs ago changed my life. Moved to LA to follow my dreams. Can't wait to rock w at the Playboy Mansion 2night!
LaHood says he's never seen a more partisan DC in his 35 yrs. "The only thing they can agree on is naming a post office."
also al the better way to eat ribs
workers of the world unite!
bahaha yes!! Skinny in bikinis at the beach :) but your summers closer
twitter cracks me up bunting Getz or dyson makes some sense bunting butler or hos not so much. Don't act like they r same
check out the song reflect on my soundcloud page and repost if you like itt :)
Im not talking about fans, fans can say I love u. Im talking about this girl who won't Gv rest were just friends nothing more.
Life is too short to be allowing folks to f'@#! up for other people. We need to take a stand against hate in this country - ONCE AND FOR ALL
Amazing game boyss
will it be over 99 degrees again there today?
#schoolmemories dancing with at every school dance (:
Belt holster: diabetic or douchebag?
"Lord I did all these great works in your name!" & He will say depart from me you worker of iniquity, I never knew you. Works can't save you
Hell Naw, He looks like he went to school with George Zimmerman
Cause that's what I am right now. Swole or swoll.
Early Hesiman Candidates by tonight...
There is a guy dougie-ing in his car next to mine on the Grand Central Parkway.
Hannah accidentally used Grace's toothbrush this morning. Obviously that warranted a full blown temper tantrum all morning.
This is even more awkward actually.
man come up here
I remember the days of trying to avoid the rain ruining my hair. These days I welcome the rain!
cuz he's the perfect combo of size, speed and a shot more accurate then an Olympic archer
I will give the best entry a free bottle of OPC-3 as a reward and incentive. Visit www.laskohealthsolutions.com for more details!
I'm downtown
Every major food company now has an organic division. There's more capital going into organic agriculture than ever before.
I see no problem here.
he woke up. We jinxed it
I'm not saying the thesis was awful but....
awesome! We look forward to meeting you!
all day, except for the math mock
Redheads unfortunately aren't loved like blondes in the US. I have plenty of offers to shoot in Paris, the US, eh
your shot with about a min left was clutch. Keep it going!
Don't just keep it all for yourself....INSPIRE!
We sure will!
Well that's just peechy!
I always thought they should add image and link fields that don't count against the 140 character limit.
it was Marlins highlights. Its like they didnt even mention the Bucs winning the game.
That's the one thing I don't know anything about, producing a track. Or finding a track to use without legal shit
; I will lemme get on my computer (;
The best part of going out is the GETTING PRETTY PROCESS!! #Makeup #RainCosmetics #Glam Anyone else agree?
Could this having anything to do with the Boston Redsox amazing start to the season?
People who can't spell and don't even attempt to do it right piss me off.
now I do cuz I told u! C:
Kind of hard to focus on shopping for fat booty jeans considering that some child is being abused by their parent right now.
I feel like eating donuts & then some cookies and after that some coffee😏☕
Just ran out of gas,on the side of the road!Yay!! :/
Man! The #RealEstate Market is hot! Just checked out #LODO. SO much fun&greatness in #DowntownDenver! http:www.laurengardiner.com
If not set admission fees, museums must encourage suggested donations at ticket windows and
follow me back ayanda
You alright?x
Hey long time no see =( lol can we set up a radio interview soon with me & my manager??
2 exams down, one more to go, and move out.. Then summer!!!
loll that's exactly what i was thinking!!
Awesome, i'm in! I'm in search of a leading man, namely URIV:-)
no rain
Miss tweeting good to be back .....gotta play catch up
hey my best friend, 's birthday is this Friday and she loves you! Can you please wish her a happy bday! Plz!
Had a great academic year doing art/design for the Georgetown Voice! Both happy and sad that my time as Design Co-Editor has come to an end.
Oh, Wendy! Tornado redux?! Come to NY until it's all better! I am so glad you are safe! Surround yourself w/bubble wrap & love.
The ziplocks on tortilla bags are the worst ever.
All I ask is that you go out and get some fresh air before logging on the Internet and saying how much this sucked.
Dear Peyton, I was just kidding. Come back to Indy. Love, Jim Irsay
I have Hanley Ramirez who can play there & Robert Andino but I need him at 2B.
MCA has grown more powerful than we can possibly imagine
All those cardboard boxes turned into this? Nice transmutation, dude!
I think Collison is better, but then you move up Collison's backup. I just kind of think Perkins sucks.
“: I speak 4 languages: profanity, english, sarcasm & real sh*t.” 💜💜💜
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
can't wait to see little doug, good luck bro.
Awesome! Crowd cheering anthem at UC with Jimmy singing!
You know Obama didn't actually say he's the 4th best prez as Romney claimed?
Falling in love doesn't always mean finding the light. Sometimes it means finding a hand to hold as you walk through the darkness. <3
liar liar pants on fire.
That lovely moment when everyone realizes how funny you really are... Yeah I live for that " omg she really just said that moment "
BREAKING-AP: U.S. military says 5 service members accused of misconduct at same Colombia hotel as Secret Service agents.
haha what's up?!(:
What can a girl do to get you to notice her?! I know it's ridiculous b/c I am 18 and you're 16 but still. Haha!
- I am a clown you know. So imagine my shoe size and all.
Just heard Tim #Tebow joined Brad Paisley on stage at for a duet & the crowd went wild! So happy for all of you there!
Instead of tweeting about your lost #love and resulting depression, grab a bottle of whiskey and an #Adele album.
Dear get a better profile pic. Emo kids are so 2005
Reason and faith are both banks of the same river. ~ Doménico Cieri Estrada
Excellent! A Farewell To Kings is awesome make out music.
to tweet meet you. :)
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo watch old movies
Nothing brings on anxiety faster than being forced to eat deviled eggs at a company potluck.
Ethan said I don't tweet enough!
did you end up seeing Act of Valor?
That car is so sweet!!Just day dreaming switching gear.. : )
great job on the 1 hour (60 min)
Free cover to any lady wearing those on Thursday (proof needed)
I miss you doll <3
I'm just about to put myself back n skool n do what's best for me n stop worrying so much about others
i'm mad at everyone right now
Eerie fog out tonight. Can't capture it on my phone and too tired to lug my camera outside. Maybe it'll hang around til morning?
I need your guy's Help picking out a new name for my New auto sound @ tinting shop
omg realyy?? ahh i wanna hear it!
I'm with ya!
boehner can't get enough votes from his own party & house is full of tea party idiots, he got what he deserved.
and this all started 1 day ago i think if not then 2 cuz we got back together last night and i am hoping to stay with him
The Most interesting Ficelles in DC will visit FRANKLIN PARK tomorrow. Forecast for tomorrow is 80 degrees. Stay hungry my friends!
Laying my life & my will down at the feet of #Jesus today. Praying for #wisdom & courage to be obedient to my purpose through his desires.
Yep he stopped by work to give them to me. You don't get any!!!! ;)
Ahh thanks so much for the RT! Glad you found it helpful :-)
LOL...you're DUMB!!
i like the reasons
No.. These are sad times. /:
that shits right
I <3 my chiropractor!
Talk That Talk To Me...
Sure, we can do next Sun, 4/22. Does 11 EST still work?
is that a new movement you're trying to start? :)
Thanks for the pass man! Good Luck with the rest of the season!
Hearing from many Goth dating services. Guess it's Twitter acct. name. Who knew? Vampire hook-ups.
I'm craving Starbucks & Chipotle, odd combination but whatever <3
I was so distracted earlier that I forgot to tweet about The Vampire Diaries finale!
Frolik is getting the GWG tonight. He just is.
Consolation Braket and myself are not in the playoffs?
At #redlobster m.....
Well today sucked.
“: i want my blonde hair back .” SAME
Can't wait to hear about it :-D <AB
Thought and prayers are with those affected by 9/11.
So excited for with I'm glad that we're doing this before I'm 1,500 miles away from Boston for 2 months!
This is really bothering me
Thunder up yall!
Me and refuse to fail Algebra 2!
now that would b a blast
that was a good thing
How do you feel about gay Christians?
mmhmm! makes everything! lyrical, club, party, etc! dont sleep on him!
another column today with anonymous quotes. When did you decide to sell out the journalism profession?
It's fake?
lol he gets too stressed out with facebook as it is.
Movement is not always progress...sometimes we go the fastest by slowing down
Breaking Dawn is scaring the shizzz outta me right now.
Just 3 "like" away from 100...share More Skees Please with your friends and family today!
Does it feel any different?
#Senser guilty on criminal vehicular homicide, guilty on failure to notify. Not guilty of gross negligence. All felonies.
Merry Christmas from Karaoke MVP!
I have just completed my lamest-ever #drawsomething drawing, which is saying something. Isn't practice supposed to improve one's skill?
Hm Hawaii in a month..(: heckyes<3
Wake up all you baby sleepy heads
Thankful to c u guys live 5 times this year! RT Happy thanks giving! We have so much to be thankful for what an amazing year!
Time to eat i was STARVING
... LMAO at watched the fuck out of it. Yea, should have known. altho you didn't show it to me, so I figured I'd
I say that every night!" : This came out of my mouth:"I'm so tired,I just want to watch the news and go to bed."How old am I?"
I swear. Some people in class sound like they are high ALL THE TIME.
McCormick Screening Room is located in Humanities Gateway 1070. No food or drinks allowed. This talk is being recorded.
Love new Optimum ad am seeing in NYC where old lady character is tech savvy. So nice to see senior shown as non-doddery & competent.
#Knicks need to play exactly like they did in 2nd. Keep up Ball movement, no chucked 3s, stay physical, play transition d
Best ass?
no dylan listen to me. Shes being mean to me. Tell her to stop. Lol
Thx for sponsoring lunch for #YPWeek event today - so yummy!!! -CarolV, IF Twittrer
May the force be with you! :) RT Does everyone at #MashCon know today is #StarWarsDay ?
Stricker one behind and in the fairway bunker on the 18th.
is making my things-to-do list for today :-) First stop, car wash!
Thanks for the love! RT: BBQ lovers Coop's is awesome it's in Lemon Grove and they have excellent reviews on yelp.
needs to re-send me her bb pin because my phone deleted it before I could add it. Thanks!
follow me alli? (:
#sixseasonsandamovie. . Perfect ending to the episode. #community best.show.ever
Got to go Bucky with &
they are when they're on your hot wife!
sounds good!
i know but hell never cme here
RT I got war money, baby... I wanna show you how I store money, baby.
My heart caves in when I look at you.
Tornado in Forney reported just now.
I don't have a subscription to NYRB, so I can only read the first section online. I'd like to read the rest.
Hahahahahahahaha, going HAM on them pictures yaamean.
“: I love you guys so much <3” we love you too Alex<3
are you playing d3?
Library topic today- how can libraries at large universities connect with transfer students?
Bobby Abreu to Indians could actually happen. Manny Acta is big on high-OBP guys, and Abreu has always been that.
its not hacked if you come to my house while i'm sleeping go on my computer when my twitter is up and go on it -__-
done. Where can we play in charleston?
It is too early for this. It may have something to do with all the Jager last night. Adrenaline is rocking Beale St. tonight at Wet Willie's
my job is never done...off to Glendale....
Making the necessary commitment will demand discipline and determination.
Prediction: fundamental change in education will happen due to a force from outside of education.
okay(: yay. We need to make plans to hang out!
I've read that too.. but also read October
I've seen you use the litter box and now you admit you want to be a cat. YOUR CAUGHT lolz
Ill blog about the whole fiasco tomorrow. It is a classic #business case in total lack of customer focused culture.
:O you have not tweeted yet D:
Great day at the WTR offices - our team is putting on another Rock 'n Roll tasting tonight in Florida, we're helping out charities, our new
bubba! Bubba ! Bubba! Could Phil possibly do any more fist pumps? 1 is enough, 2 is playing to the patrons, 3 is obnoxious.
Turning off the world until my thesis is submitted. I assume I'll be able to print out my diploma shortly thereafter.
Life is too long to spend it alone, and too short to spend it unhappy. Smiles instead of tears, courage instead of fears. (:
Idk what she talkin about im lost she more emotional than she use to be
If SMC wants Cartmenez as consultant, I am available, not paid to provide solution. To tier fees is morally wrong.
Grandma : watsup ? Me: lol, nun under the dryer. Her: driving what. Me: under the hair dryer. Her: all that's watsup , aite .
How awesome! Happy Pi Day! MT : In celebration of Pi Day, we will donate 50% of lunch sales at Broadway & Pine to
This is ridiculous....
The most haunted pub in England??The roast beef was tough!
Amazing, amazing day with good friends. Wish they weren't all in other places for college.
News Trident Solar offers new warranty on inkjet print head- printheads
um it's Lexington market
So excited for game 7!!! #blueandyellow BABY!!!!!!
I'm watching Chelsea - Barca, I'm so ready for the podcast!!!
RT : Fans, 2 new ices will debut soon PB&J & MargaRITA Ice. Stop by for a #free sample & quarts for Cinco De Mayo Celebrations
we were promised jet packs. It's a great song
thanks punk!
aww yea mindy! That's awesome, you guys have fun!
Just got whip out the shop today, thinkin bout tmrw. U there?
We have the talent and EXPERIENCE to make a mark in this years tourney. #Go Aztecs!
remember when sleeping lessons was the song of the beginning of our friendship
I picked 13/16 games right on day one. Looks like I've risen to the house leader board
Warped tour bound and so freaking excited!!! Can't wait to spend one of the most amazing days of the year with ! :)
Yes, 200 Stuart St. Boston!
Will there be fireworks tonight with Colton out?
So long Chi-Town, hello Irene
ill be runnin extra long after last night
Uhh..is that John Locke doing commentary for #TheKentuckyDerby ?
¹³ Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see
Thank you Brandon...
#ThingsGirlsLove when boys try to draw hearts.
#passivecandidates lets talk about your value in the #opensource market
fine self>>>
Cosign RT : So Happy To Have You Back On The Ice Tonight!!!! Great win by you and the team!
It is different for this generation, a shift in decisions on #housing and #schooldebt. #pmc #fixhousing. Janice Eberly
Okay, that's just a scary, scary concept. But you know there's a group of women somewhere salivating for that list!
perfect weather in Vegas
“: Congrats to and on the big #Giants win.” Thanks. Let's figure out wildcard game watching.
Happy birthday to my sisters today!
forever fucking done with you
happehhh; how i now spell happy, captured the word!
We always a have a great experience in your Herndon very food allergy friendly.
nothing going on to much. its gone be slow motion until july.azfter that i may be freed
A twinkie for every hour of gardening! Or just dangle a twinkie on a stick in front of me. Hehehe.
you would have loved this
Follow / #fny2012 for a panel on Expanding #Museums happening right now
Practicing for my debate competition this Friday and Saturday!
#Saratoga loves Hawaiian Poke Bowl! Downtown Saratoga evening market right now till 6:30pm Wed nights!
One hour after I saw videos, I made this account :P
62: 9. You're a cutie(:
I will have to post pics for my loyal fans after I do damage control lol
Hey hon! We are doing great. Busy, busy.... How about you?
Today's post-chemo song: Disco Inferno. Burn that mother down!
Tampa Bay HC Greg Schiano is a class act. The Bucs signed former Rutgers DT Eric Legrand who was paralyzed in 2010. Very touching story...
Amen to that--> RT : I swear to fucking god there has been a full moon for the last three days.
Yes he had a great career but the ending was crazy .Why did he not see a doctor??
Scheduling IYL before trip if I get recs. If you have any for Daughter of Smoke and Bone or Perks of Being a Wallflower, please send my way!
Had a dream that I was a ninja but like a really horrible one and I was hiding under a blanket and Alex found me and kissed me idk i like it
Between the Lakers and Heat fans they always have so many excuses ..
Mayor Rahm, Make Chicago The Greenest City In The Country. That Will Bring the City Jobs!!!
The supplemental reading to the Creative Brief assignment is uploaded to D2L. Hopefully it answers some of your questions :)
I JUST had them today - you MUST plan a visit to have them. Only 170 calories a piece - totally worth it.
mad props tonight fun set deff a wet one!
"what's your favorite kind of porn, jonald?" the kind that doesn't need to buffer. #straightstreaming #ayo!
LOLs from all when when she said everyone attending brunch is some kind commissioner.
Attending the / / show tonight at National Underground in downtown Nashville w/ Jennifer Cooper!
It's all Beastie Boys all night at Nomad.
get ready for wet republic to open! Bring the crew!
do u think that's a good or bad thing?
tweeting in class... take tsk~
When someone puts a tweet about you then they delete it right after . Shows they not to what they sayin to you
Spinach smoothie: spinach, banana, red grapes, cayenne, cinnamon, vanilla, and ice. Holy shit this is delicious!!!
Uh Oh! Saints is marchin in... What up Alex Smith? $1Million in the bank, what you gon do wit it?
ha ha ha..so true!! Even tacky non-wedding ones too!
1 MONTH UNTIL RACE DAY! Time is running out. Register TODAY & receive $5 off w/ Referral Code ONEMonth. Please share w/ your friends!
RT Who really wants 2watch #TheGame w/out Melanie or Derwin? shouldn't have renewed this show w/out them! >I don't! I♥Mel
I miss ya twitter lol :]
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: N’Keil Nelson ⁰Rising 8th Spokane, WA ⁰Travel Team: Spokane Select Warriors ⁰Point Guard 6’0
Excited about tonight--youth from all around #WestATLunite !
just hangin with my bro Postal today. needed a brother to talk at..
For my 100th tweet I will reveal who I really am wearing nothing but a tube sock. Shit I miscounted, guess you'll have to wait till 200.
It was my pleasure! Glad u guys enjoyed the visit. Safe travels and talk again soon! Keep me posted on BBM!
Got to do better,life is too short...
I haven't taken Claritin D in a week. Hopefully a big burst of pollen isn't on the horizon.
are you going to Toronto?
Finale of shameless...
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Don’t sweat the delay, simply make that task the priority tomorrow.
Yellow laffy taffy >
If only I knew he wasn't true..
whats good hun? Heard you are going to be in Pittsburgh at #Blush in May. See you there
thanks sorry i like havent been on here in a while!
Every company needs to embrace it imho RT : Social media isn't right for every client #ComDay it's a tool not the end all be all.
this is for me this is for you our fuerza our strength & our truth
thank u!
My wife just got me a Islander MT-4 ukulele for my early birthday! Add that to my Kala and Flea, and I'm pretty sure I've gone Uke crazy.
back atcha! Looking forward to next time.
Have a great evening.
Or Maybe I should put Snow tires on the Car hmmnn. I'm a Damn Jamaican for crying out Loud. Look at this clowns car spinning out next to me.
Necessary to make sacrifices now for the future..
sometimes i see the world for how fucked up it really is, I tell myself I'll be the one to make a change in it.
NEW SATURDAY SPOT! "CLUB ALLURE" 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
Just saw the dunk highlights (which weren't many) on #ESPNEWS. That looked like the worst dunk contest ever.
love your work, Juana - just beautiful! See you at #NY12SCBWI (and I want a postcard! :)
Hahaha! Like that'll ever happen. I think he's actually sponsored by Hostess.
Thank You!!=) RT : Happy Birthday, Angel! Great shots! Xoxo
New Years Eve Rock & Bowl tickets are selling like HOTCAKES! Get yours ASAP Boston before they sell out!
Nice move but the reality is the WA AG is a paper tiger good thing the diamond guy didn't know
I still laugh my ass off everytime i see the phrase "Adolf Hankler"
The only purpose in life is to decide how you want to think, feel, and act in each moment...your choices create dreams or reactions-decide!
Yo this I kidnapped twitter just to say...#kawalaPussy...lol phone went dead nobodys safe.
The problem with spurs is the wackiness it wreaks on regular service. I like the map though. Perhaps add some WeHo service?
well he did start un-following high school girls once called out! I mean, what else can you ask from a guy?
you know u gone have to slide me that picture you.got.on ya default
The Eddie Izzard bit on this is to die for
Home From Cheer! Just Ate Sonic... Yumm.. Shouldn't Have Eatin It,, It's Too Late:/ Ohh Well!
What's the Role of Literary Agents, Given the Changing Publishing Landscape? #authors #agents #publishing (via ) #fiction+
Dude flip your phone.
Can I just say Coke zero tastes JUST like regular Coke! My mind is still blown!!!
another NY gathering. Apple Affair 2.0
Ah the hidden beauty of analytics.
and you are a douche
Without good K-12 education, college is irrelevant.
I'm mad I'm glued to the tv right now. lol watching cartoon network
We're not all like that :)
“: Brilliant! RT : The "earth" without "art" is just "eh" - Anonymous”
Happy Hour is in full force! Come join in on the $5 features!
Nice game ! They can't get you out!
You still fanboying..?
ha! That's awesome. Have you heard of Torche? Been jamming their latest all week. Awesome stuff.
"Dedicated to the pursuit of excellence."
14 YEARS. 14 LONG YEARS ARE OVER. CONGRATS, CATS ON #8!!!
Its fine by me, if you never leave. Oh its fine by me. .
Just saw the spread for the game on Saturday is 40, yeah 40
He's a career .280 hitter, I have no doubts about him turning it around some. You'll appreciate his defense. Was a fan favorite.
Oh man... starting to really feel the burn to get a Blu-ray player.
Kathleen Falk is talking about cuts to education at Wheatley School in Milwaukee.
's got a gift for picking hosts. Big thanks to
Playing with Aaron Carter and Ryan Cabrera May 31st at the CrockRock In Allentown Pennsylvania! Stoked ha
Four movie productions were going on here in Pittsburgh in Fall 2011
Let me get my spoon n dig in RT : I'm eating Nutella straight out of the jar with a spoon.
hey bo thaaaaang c:
that's what you get for sharing such delicious meat. I know sharing is caring and all, but prosciutto is too damn valuable
Fuck it ill drink.
bet that's was good, what els you got going on til then
THAT was a good long walk. And also more evidence I'll go a decent distance to recycle (I took a compostable drink cup to )
Anyone going to the Selena show in Salem? September 5th. No opener. ugh.
There's a good turnout for the 's Rethinking Cities panel. Good to know there are other urban policy nerds in
These white girls are going crazy in this warm weather diablo it aint that hot.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 7
seriously if your not big enough to tell me who wrote the note then dontwrite it cause it shows i much your a little b**** ...
Generally it's publishers who place place restrictions on depositing works in repositories. Some repositories are subject specific
i'm there!
Just working really
should tour and bring his cute ass baack to texas, baby. :)
I need to find more people with the same music taste as me. I like a lot of music.
I am sure he'll survive. Fame and money and supermodel spouses seem to excuse some embarrassing moments.
Cleveland! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Hi.eben.....your my number one favorite idol..in american idol.......it's ok that you've lost.....you can still be famous..
crackers gonna wait
Really looking forward to the gym💪
Thanks for sharing. So many good #littlehouse childhood memories!
I picked your two favorite (to look at) golfers this week
Brewers beat Cardinals 3-2, avoid sweep - Columbus Telegram
It sucks when you're ignored by the person who's attention is the only thing you want in the world.
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Clothes? Something slightly fancier than he'd buy for himself.
I have a Fav on Nicki new album (drum roll).... #15 Marilyn Monroe
IM TOO STUBBORN
a rock got stuck inside one of the wheels so they can't be used anymore..its a hard subject to talk about
I feel that the #republicans are in the dark kind of like when you email someone and they call you back instead of emailing. WTF?
My friend was driving going 78 in a 55 mph zone, when a state trooper coming the other way pulled around and pulled her over. My blonde f...
come over slut
Gym gym gym gym
Angela bassett crazy as hell in this movie
Geez, I need to start tweeting more often!!!
yeah ima admit I said yeah in my head
excellent weather in Pittsburgh.. but I can't fight the urge to ski. Anyone know of any good deals in the Pocono Mts??
greatt right when i come back from break i have a science test and i havent even filled out the study guide and its hard
Hi Randy, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Fave quote, Lady Astor: Winston, if u were my husband, I'd poison ur tea. Churchill: Nancy, if I were ur husband, I'd drink it.
No its not, you drinking the wrong brews lol RT : Beer is gross
I seriously love college.
The secret iconography on Rice's campus is well thought out. Those interested should search "rice walking tour PDF"
The Easter bunny is coming to #Brookhaven , more details soon!
my last RT ok
Side by side or miles apart, you will always be close to my heart.
SO frustraited with #Ikea in Brooklyn I want to scream! How F@$&ing hard should it be to re-schedule a delivery? Ha?
Anyone know of a 40" automatic die cutter that can handle 9mm chipboard stock? That's some thick stuff! DM me if you do. www.BRAUSSE.com
"It's insane to dislike something because more people know about it,
The only thing worse then trading down, would be to draft tannehill.
follow us on twitter! twitter handle:
FUCK YOU JUSTIN. Why do you have to look so damn hot on that fucking motorcycle. MY OVARIES
Shut up everyone....
crazy night. are all the people in the MIA as crazy as this???
I can chug an entire drinking glass of vodka. It's my special talent. If I was in the Ms America pagaent... That's what I would do.
Never liked the pink bats. After the Komen-Planned Parenthood spat, I dislike them even more.
Catch the Mammoth @ Rochester game live on at 11:00AM MST. Let's Go Mammoth!!!
of what? im not 21, i cant drink yet bro, come on now smh
Join and TODAY at 3 PM EST for #CommsChat! Topic is "Making the Business Case for Diversity"
Looks like this reduces the Frankfurter to one location and Pizza Haven to zero, eh?
Free screening of POE [..and the museum of lost arts] Fri 3/9, Harvestworks Media Arts Center, 7-9pm. Please RSVP to
The average American eats 150lbs of SUGAR a year!!!! Try substituting w/ fresh fruit (raisin, dates, honey, maple, xylitol, stevia).
Found file w/ pgs from H.W. Wilson listing all the titles indexed by each of their indexes in 1990. Wonder how many titles still exist?
Thanks, Melissa :) I really enjoyed your song and also learned plenty from all #TRMA585 Counseling students
So I leave at 10am tomorrow and I still need to wash all of my clothes and pack...
#Contraband was much better than I thought it would be! #TheDevilInside, on the other hand, was pure garbage.
yay! Can't wait to see you guys!!
Thanks man!
“: My cat raps. His name? Wiska lifa.”
Lesson learned: Don't take a drink & read 's tweets at the same time. It's not pretty, friends.
4 days without tv or internet!!! Fix it time warner cable....you are seriously the worst!!
Getting through this work week then heading home for a relaxing weekend with the entire family
that makes me want to throw up. $43 million in 1 month. There should be a cap on election funding!
Just don't like the vibe here, simple as that. I can only deal with it on occassion, but not on a every day level.
Meet Jack Black
Dreaming of my next vacation. First person to send me a pic of a hammock wins a free HOT DOG OKC t-shirt!
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
Mercury- you are causing such a scene.
Stating the obvious
Of all the stuff in public restrooms that's motion activated, I still have to touch the lock in the stall. I might as well shit in my hands.
glad you liked Get the gringo, I play the secretary!
Yes, I will be there. I expect you to be there as well...
How have you never been to Chipolte?? They are pure deliciousness.
can you tell me what a "preferred walk on" is and how it benefits the kid? I've heard that term a lot today.
I'm done(: adiosssssssss
“: Hand with freshly painted fingernails grips invisible hockey puck” cc:
What?? No
Oh, not intentionally! :) RT : you left me off the #dctheatre #rollcall list...
The Goat is hosting a benefit for Paige Haas, a close friend w/ Leukemia Sun Oct 25 3-9! $10 entry gets you food, drink, music, & more!
TGIF!!! come in for some great drink specials all day and night long..
Happy SPD to you also. I want to get drunk from ur big ass >:)
I'm glad the demon dogs from Ghostbusters got another job in Hunger Games. They've been out of work a long time.
- don't get me started! ;) No Rex, you've not, and will not win me over it appears...
I signed up, got the app and had no clue how to connect my perk to the account. Shame too, looks like a cool app.
Trend? I'll Have Another. Stay Thirsty? I'm looking for a horse named "It's on the House!"
Just finished Brian Doyle's Mink River and brain is flooded with adjectives. Will go with lyrical until I can get review written.
Mom jus came in my room w/ a oamlet & potato skins! day startin out good
I fear that i have ingested well above my normal amount of ritalin.
As the view is to the body, the reason is the spirit.
Doc gives up 6 runs in the bot. of the 5th thanks to a grand slam from Brian McCann and the game is tied at 6.
why wasnt i following you? i know i use to follow you why did i get deleted
Work it!
Thanks for the follow. I'm compiling a list of fav #travelmemoirs. Which book gave you wanderlust?
Thank you for coming in for the palooza! You know how much our team loves the librarians! ;)
thank you!
and their shall be a war that engages ps3 gamers vs xbox gamers and see whose best O_O PS3 PS3 PS3
Total BS!!!
No clutch hitting. Zilch. “: Pitching settles down, offense remains AWOL. Your 2012 Milwaukee Bi-Polars.”
Cold as fuck. unless indy changes its mind over night lol.
- sorry for the late response, was on vaca. I got that question wrong in my interview too, so I can't hold it against you :)
do you keep a record? I'd like to be that kind of person.
hopefully, i'm dragging today
“: Justin Bieber's voice makes me melt. #BOYFRIEND”
Morning Oregon!Great Day to make some quick cash for junk cars today!
Have a need for speed? Experience indoor go kart racing at ’s Hollywood, FL location!
Having a tiny adventure researching a set of color prints from 1900. Chicago Printers Row, St. Louis World's Fair... hit me up & I'll share
I woke up soo late .
#NowWatching: "My Fair Lady". I've never seen this one before. It's a Audrey Hepburn classic.
I'm having a jolly day!
he ain't been sentenced yet other cuz wit da dreads keep sayin he wasn't da driver so he tryna fight da murder charge
not that I know of but there are two employment fairs coming up in May that will be in our next newsletter coming out soon
yo u up home skillet
As I roam through my old Facebook messages, I noticed we argued like we were married. I miss you. Should of never let you go... Oh well. :P
I need a #WendiDeng chick.
Happy 16th Birthday! I hope you have a great day! I love you!! <3
them beats you sent are crazy... got a few.
local Caps fan about to win another Alms race for Getting warmed up for 24Lemansrace
there you are! i love the picture. sing it!
like i said the heat ain't for nun
How many can follow me in one day? R U up 2 the Challenge?
Come for drinks after turkey! We open at seven
Already Wednesday I thought yestaday was monday smh
We're all gonna get matching tattoos that say "Dirty Chai Life" in Papyrus.
"..wanted to say how excited I am that the Kings are staying in Sac. Now if we could just get that horry shot back.." amen!
When your brother eats your food<<<< 😡
"I was so lost. I looked left and right to no avail... That's because I never looked up."
This reminds me of the Victorian era when fashion created major spinal problems.
Yes Love ♥
that's actually pretty cute.
What ever happened to Sizzler's
Having a blind dog means never rearranging the furniture just for the hell of it.
That was so amazing! Ahh, love it!! <3
I think your picture is the most awesome thing I've ever seen. I too want to be a ninja warrior diva :)
o...waiting outside of work for someone to open the door
How could you not? So obvious RT I really do think college presidents are realizing the scam the bowls are perpetrating on them.
Being good isn't always easy-- that's why I don't try. :)
Makes me want to be a wedding planner
Thanks to all of you who made our work possible in 2011. 70,656 meals served & more than 3,200 guests provided with case management!
aww, thank you. We're having a blast! Just ate some great pizza. ; )
Thanks to Greater Abyssinia Baptist Church + Dr. Rev. Caviness for not making me leave when they heard how poorly I sing.
Great beach pics on your daily blogs. Makes the reading of them very easy! I am a beach lover, too.
Yeah, it's going to be a sick album. Stoked for All Stars Tour!
Gen fund. We are spending maybe $50-$60 million (have to confirm#) so as we spend this amount we fall behind another $30-$60 mi
I've posted his work before. Love his Benjamin being pursued by a bear. Gordon & I have emailed w/one another. He's witty.
Hi Swanee, thanks for the follow. Magdalena
#IADMIT I need to move on
Happy Thanksgiving to you and all of yours!!
also theclymb.com has had siege headphones twice since ive been a member for 50% off. let me know if u's want an invite
I work for you now. :D Yay! :D
Filming more #2minutesWithTheCurator this AM Here's on the camera! These will be in the gallery soon.
A week of being sick again & still making it out to the gym for a 3 mile run & weight training. Half regrets but hate being non-productive.
YOu're expecting a feedback form for ChemSpider Mobile? Leave the comments on here for me and
Happy Birthday to ! Love you twin! :)
Peplum tops, dresses and skirts anyone?
good do you miss wowp?
“: On the plane going to Augusta with !”enjoy!
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love
You rocked it today in Hot Topics! Very brave and incredibly well-said. Inspiring!
should have taken an instead of dealing w shitty cab drivers
oof...Oh Sleeper is nuts! That sounds like an awesome show!
Haha. That would be good
Do Tarantulas Shoot Spidey Silk? Clues suggest the arachnids can shoot silk from their feet, but some scientists argue it's not true.
Go Bulls! Miami feel our wrath.
u sure did get the brisket mrs.ImInHeaven
Thanks Alison! Good to see you online again post-CALICO
you worked on O.A.R's music video? awesome dude! I'm gonna visit sometime!
My sister made a piece of heaven <3
Recipe for a perfect fall day: + + with
Trying to add new recipes to my rotation. Today I made a kale and red cabbage salad. I know not too exciting. I'll try harder next time.
Cmon, I gotta pay $300 for a nosebleed to see the pack????
Because I'm pre-ordering at the concert!
How many apples are in one apple seed?
So tired 😣
Is it ok of me to have a picture of my ex and i on fb when im in a relationship with someone new????
When you stare in my eyes I'm in another world <3
RT : So these Girl Scout cookies might as well say "Serving size: one box."
You want to be friends? I don't even want to see your face!
love Sibelius, use it for all my charts.
Hi Phil! Saw your post on #Explore - I'd love to chat with you about #QR codes and how we might be able to help
After you pledge to become a member at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com, help us out by taking our survey & start shaping YOUR co-op today.
Ya know... i was singing that all day long. Just that line... no others. Just thought i'd tell you.
you should have talked to Richard Spangled more! He was great. (Im his granddaughter and am so proud.) thanks for having him
TIL you can continue an #OS X installation where it left off if the original installation was halted by a power shortage! Thanks #Apple!
#NoLie, My cat has been laying down watching TV for about half an hour, So I turned off the TV, and he stared at me until I put it back on.
Holy s!!! Did u see what happen to
It is the sign of a week mind to be unable to bear wealth.
#DuckDynasty oh no. Jana. Guess that means I'll have to be next!
...Attending the LATINOS AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF ARCHITECTS Austin committee meeting 5/19/2011
Just want to get today over with -.-
I get more ass than a toilet seat
“: Blackshear was a pleasant surprise tonight Kyle had problems with the uk length again”
OMG I'M SO EXCITED, IT'S SNOWING OUT!!!!!! :)
"we could hang around this town forever making plans but there won't ever be a better time to take this chance..."
"It's not about who gets credit; it's about who gets help" Sen Barb.Mikulski talks facts, doesn't pander
Why not rent a flute? In the U.S. there are places where young people can rent or rent-to-buy on contract.
First time my friend heard Much Better- Jonas Brothers she was all "make love tonight with you, woah jobros gone dirty"
OMG Did Whitney Houston really die??!! I hope its just a rumor :(
If u love me.. this how u let me know.. don't ever let me go.. that's how u let me know baby!!
I will go great lengths to make sure you know you are the center of my universe.
second question who did tito beat too win his LHW title and how many times did he defend it
Cardio done, chest done, abs done. Great morning start with my one and only
got hoodwinked into swimming a local LCM meet next Sunday. all sprints 400 Free, 400 IM, 200 IM and an easy 50 back
<sigh> dude just about everything you say makes me miss PDX. Really hoping her tour hits Indy (more likely I'll catch it in Chicago)
Obama? That is cheesy!
I have family up there. Need help? RT : My husband's stranded in Irvine with no gas and no cash. Good times.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.  Mother Theresa
Most women will never get what they want in a man... Untill a man realizes what he needs in a woman...
Omg, we have become... the UBERCLIQUE!!!
I'm already reaching hun : )
Free Joe Lang
haha, nope just black and white for the most part. We're due for a beer.
LeBron hogs the ball, and the team loses. What a surprise. Selfishness
Yes! Online business may seem easy, but it actually entails a lot of trust from both the buyer and the seller
lolwut I've had someone tell me they're gonna stretch my lobes with their dick.
Another Day To Be Blessed🙏Not Tripping Off Of Yesterday!
Thank you for your support. The campaign is still on!
Self made money
HILARIOUS, that's what I just ate
I know the #Caps can recover for game 6. I'm not sure whether I can. Oh my heart is broken this morning.
alright, this is getting ridiculous.
WOW. Super surprise tonight. brewer's night's special guest: the infamous failed batch of BB XXII. ZANG!
Total RT Best male R&B Group of the 90's ???
If were not friends its for a reason . .i get along with EVERYONE
we will be looking for the best As Seen On TV products to talk about on our live show Tuesday
Fine, pillow barrier!
7 AM: get tickets for in NYC...looks like I'll be back up here on June 9th. Can't wait to finally see him live
Say what you want re: Madonna- she looks great for her age- any age! Who cares about lip syching. She can teach the young ones a thing or 2
What happens if you look at the Endermen through glass?
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Have no talent, but have a great publicist.
I got a lesson in flood planning, as well as neighborhood organization at the WNA meeting today.
#God #Loves you for #Who you are and #How you are, not who you aren't and who you ought to be.🙏 #GodBless and
Lol! You were the best #9 seed in the history of the GPAC..You guys were like the 2011 St.Louis Cardinals just running thru teams
are you serious...
SEARED SCALLOPS Fontina Risotto, Escarole and Apple Brown Butter
Yes Officer She “Is” Underage” But It’s OK… She’s Here To Do A Report For Her Social Studies Class…
What is on the agenda for today for all you fine folks today! enjoy the weather happy Friday!!
...following, now follow ME!!!! 8^D
u either
Twitter > School
RT : Fun fact: An estimated $41 billion worth of gift cards went unused between 2005 and 2011.
My mom has taylor swift lip gloss. She's so hip!
thank you:-)
lmao I'm a slick talker when I want to be. Overall we were good to go haha! Love ya queerbait!
are you on instagram? if so, what's your user name?
i actually thought Roc looked fine without the blond :/
Something Worth My Time, Is Worth The Wait. Must Be Patient.
in other words: our players suck so blame them. Is this Ben taking his turn on Bobby's side to even out his support of Pedey?
whatever it is, claims she will defend it.
Omg I can't breath lmfaoooo 😂😭😂😭
Why are you harder on family than friends?
"A woman's polite devotion is her greatest beauty" - African proverb. Happy Mother's Day
Rob, as the picture says. D. C. Everest HS not schofield, wi. It's located in Just a little thing
<3 <3 thank you sweet sweta. when are we seeing each other??
love my alternate fridays of all processing, all the time
Presented at "Preservation Matters" event at Nat'l Archives this weekend. Great audience w/lots of questions. Preservation starts at home!
ya, are you?
Happy Valentines Day from DWC!
I got money hoes money and hoes
lets collab asap
If he only wants you for your breasts, legs, or thighs, he needs to go to KFC.
Happy St. Patricks Day tweeps, don't forget to wear your "Green" Bay Packers green today!! ;-)
wait, did you take all those pics?
My first gettn my name tatted on him lol :)
Dont i look like that fish from spongebob?
im mex. but live in oklahoma!!:P
following wow? plavaja? i dont even no her lol
Shout out to the whore bag bitch as poon native mo fucka cant even catch a buffalo! :)
Mr.Rizo will you be my sugar daddy?
I want to be an a capella harmonica player.
hate it when it turns into a "not in service" bus. seems like it's all the time.
Is it sad that I just stored her # in my phone as Bud Light?
That's awesome, it's a great car. Enjoy!
RT : Stress is nothing more than a socially acceptable form of mental illness. ~Richard Carlson
IM GONE CHILL OUT TODAY
.... so im up watchin' qet rich or die tryin'
Would love to chat with you about Hipmunk Partnerships and some ideas I have. Follow and DM?
Just got my train tix to #BWENY. Woo hoo!
that's ok I love your tweets.
yoooo!!!! Like I wish you could see what the heck is going on over here lol.
What's up Carl!
So close to being done with this new album. We can't wait for all of you to hear this. RT if you're stoked!
Those are 3 of life's staples, guess it was inevitable :)
Long day..relax mode
Just paid $3.03 for 25 oz of water.
Hey! Thank you so much!
Mrs. Kirsch&#39;s World History: Nations of the World - Animaniacs
SAVE THE DATE: Help Green East 103rd St. Community this Sunday at 11am!! Plant trees, play hop scotch & more! RSVP
Dear student: You really have no idea what this question is asking, do you. Honestly.
Video shows fight at Penn Park. Fight involved a basball bat and one gun. Video shows people fleeing as shots ring out
I'm going to see him the 19th
RT : RT : Don't allow laziness, doubt, negativity, fear,stress or the past to rule your life! Move forward and LIVE!.
Had a good night of practice. Routine = achieved.
Heart broken :(
Hahah thanks for spreading the word. We appreciate that.
haha im sure hed love the compliment. Follow him!
i love that I just came out of a black out, inside Poto, only down $50, and yet still knew how to get my unknown companion back to her car.
lol, its a ratio to who your following and who's following you! No worries with all of your help we will hit a cool mil! :D
Stuck in this math tutor room until Fiona is done. Someone text me puhlease.
...and back to Chicago!
It's still January and I'm already sick.
Give me a five nigguh. 
SHOOTING last night at Circus Bar in Daytona. There were no injuries and one person was arrested.
wicked and charmed! Yes!
I forreal am giving up on you
Nick Foles. Some what mobile and prototypical size white boy QB. Only question is who gives Philly a 2nd rd pick for him in 3yrs.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions :)
That'd be great!
HOLY KASJDFKJE, IM SO FREAKING EXCITED FOR YOU TO COME TO CHICAGO! I LOVE YOU
I found that radio on is a good cure for the blues.
I'm a cop u idiot
I've seen every single episode of and I could still pick your brain for hours, after I got past the hair of course
...gaiety and life to everything. it is the essence of order, and lends to all that is good and just and beautiful." - plato
Pitching some of my songs for a movie.... Let's see what God does!
Stress eating - Go Patriots!
hockey night in canada announcers are the shit
hahaha just kidding bacardi mojito is the best D:
I used to watch it but it got so shit, i watched about half a series and was like DIE! especially when they <
Going the extra mile flying just to make me happy
Awesome lead in to Nuggets/Lakers article... nailed that one :)
Happy Friday, Tweeps!
squeeeee, I'm so excited.
Hey. Been meaning to email you. VERY hectic, but still no excuse.
Just passed a business called "Lots of SLOTS for Fun!"
Oh Okay But Are Serious That's Messed Up ! /:
Depends upon where you live.
fingers crossed!!
Hands down, #TheAvengers was absolutely amazing!! Can't wait to see it again!
I see that is a true Drake fan! :D
ahh.. I recorded it...soo I watched it when I woke up., because it came on at 6am&that was to early for me! Lool.
FYI: George Zimmerman's defense attorney used to be on MADTV
Hi Leah
But with my eyes closed all I know is the skyline, through the window, the moon above you and the streets below.
yea me to those throw back slow jams will get you in that one type mood
it's almost the same
I think I have finally emerged from The Food Coma. Wow.
and 70.3 planned for the summer. Thinking about Looking for summer #race suggestions in
dam c chek me out got much love for you
all that matters is that one person who would do everything to be with u
Happy Mother's Day! Love you!!!!
We never were!
If my mom gets mad at me for not going to church cuz I have a horrible stomach ache that's will be just retarded.
Big "sorry dude" to the guy I whacked w/ my umbrella on the parkway this morn when I tripped on the sidewalk
For those who like me, raise your hand. For those who don't, raise your standards.
A wise said when things are going well bask in it lol.
Free documentary tonight at Krankies about Trail Angels, the kind souls who leave food & drinks along the AT. Fimmaker is a W-S native too!
Hope to see you, too! I'm in and out though--under deadline.
Had to log into the company twitter real quick :p
My cousin says the darndest things in and out of his tweets Lmao..
wearing fake glasses so you can look hipster
Just think, if the #Astros had read the writing obviously on the wall in 2006-07 or so and rebuilt, they're probably competitive now.
Thanks! It's an awesome class.
I know I'm L8, but how bout my Cats @ #1!? 19-0 right now, gonna kill some Gamecocks 2night!!!!
I miss the OLD woe is me.
Finished the ALS baseball! Trying to decide which stadium to paint, going to research the Angel's Stadium.
Grilling Snowball burgers for the SuperBowl in Fort Worth Texas!!
interactive galleries, artist sign up free for 30 days and upload your artwork. w.zanbeelart.com
Ozzie: "It’s going to be a very difficult moment for me. I ask for forgiveness with my heart in my hands, on my knees."
Don't know how a baby can have a unibrow? Me either, but I've seen it!
I really really really wanna see The Artist!
And one day will be on that list of nominees!
Thx for the hard work this week! : Out of here for the weekend!!! Woo! Have a good one #AMNewsers”
the computer in mckeldin WOULD shut off while i was in the middle of my exam so now im locked out and can't take it. FUCK EVERYTHING.
good night..xoxo
nice to make your acquaintance, Queen.
All you gay marriage supporters are going to Hell. Those of us who hate the poor are going to Heaven.
I don't have any weed, but I have alcohol
RT : Kathy McLean: "Wikipedia has shown us that there is no permanent knowledge."
; what the fuck is you laughin' bout back there?! :D
Oh okay(: Just send them in by April 18th (:
The Bra.San Diego's Hangover(SDCTA event)bra is held aloft by council member in bed. funny bit. Bra backstory now revealed-digging deep
it's not chilly its beautiful out!
well done Shay 
your face is disgusting an immoral, god is ashamed of you.
Thanks! Much better today!
So my aunt wants me to run her liquor store up in Noblesville, idk if this is a good idea.
hehe jah I would also really love my new york I stirred <3 :)
Castells - learning together will pave the way for theorizing together
cool, i liked you on fb. Do the same for me? Let me know if I can help you with your web presence. Good luck. Steve...
Thanks! Got new tenni-go-fasters.
Do you think Ballard would hold up against the run better than Casey?
I still can't believe it. So sad right now. R.I.P.
If she look fly and her kids raggedy SheAintWifeyMaterial
I have new-bike fever!
Miriam Posner (): faculty, stop saying there will be academic jobs; students, make better school/program choices
thanks man and yeah I'm doing 100 and 4x100 for the running part
#IanEastwood and #BaileyAnderson 😍😍😍😍😍 assfghjkl; they're just so cute and hot lmao
hi alessandro,i'm your english fan :) u are amazing......
4Any of you w/ #websites, it's always good2 #network w/the #searchengine #experts. Just sayin' :)
she did sign to emi
Hey ! Happy #OpeningDay !
Ugh! All this damn drowsiness. Maybe if I eat more it'll ease up....
Google&#39;s Sly-Fi Network
Comcast CS, why oh why do you keep hanging up on me? Don't you want my money? Fix your darn phone system if you can't transfer a call.
um I have to think Lol I don't know I'm not shore if they are singers or rappers? Idk! Wat about u?
Do smelly people realize they are smelly
tomorrow a big party #YEE got to look fresh
Also, graph view has also recently been updated with progress bar during load and some minor graphical/functionality upgrades.
yes! What are you naming him !
you we're in the parking lot... I was at bdubs.
Delicious meals being served up by volunteers right now
But again they blogged dismay and apprehension
Go Lacy...lol.
Historian, archivist, tour guide Jennie Benford will discuss cemeteries & what they say about the way we live. 09/25 12:30pm.
Things are coming together the right way!!!
All these questions on The Subsitute are so easy .
ok, you've just made #winestorming our new favorite word! Good luck - can't wait to see the results!
Happy 100th Birthday, Phoenix, and your 300 days of summer (with yesterday being the exception).
no, going camping, then baseball and state fair on sunday. Are you?
try and bob oshaughnessy
Seriously give it up with the skeleton made of old McDonalds. Or portraits made of skittles. Basically never tweet about food.
Im the type lf girl that my love cannot be bought although i do like to be spoiled from time to time
a ham sandwich is what I'm eating
No to directors cut. I always felt "meh" about those songs.
Loving the music
Don't you just hate when clients agree to events & shows on their own, then want you to back track to be sure it's a good look!
When am I ever rude to you?
the fact that rowing completely ripped up my hands <<<<<<
That was probably the saddest and most emotional funeral I have ever been to.
then get on it. Two glasses
That's what Cece said too!
she really don't! What's funny is that she is not even in school, talking about im taking a couple of years off -__-
The trade is official & almost complete. Seattle gets the awesome in exchange for #OKC getting the Sonics er Thunder.
Thanks, Ryan! That's our #1 too! On a different note, this tweet reminds us that we still owe you an email!
10% OFF all concentrates tomorrow at Farm Associated!!!!
do you do roof billboards in Dulles flight path ?
Thanks for listening to buddy!!
What a little bitch!
“: 12:04 and one last #FF. My friend who wrote a book on women in the Civil War ." Thanks Doll happy weekend.
Never thought I'd say this: I'm seeing back-to-back Antonio Banderas movies. First was The Skin I Live In, this Friday is Puss in Boots.
its def a sport all its own, isnt it ? Sweet!!
Good luck, lady.
I'm looking to cast one more supporting role in "Last Breath" must be hispanic/female/21-26 NY/NJ Based. *fluent in spanish a +
Any old school ? :]
MoneyMakingBrit: The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday .
Lmbo the conversations we have at the hair salon hahaha
Dunkin Donuts coffee is so hot that I have to wait like 4 train stops before I can start sipping it.
I was in an interdisciplinary program. Who do you think was at that panel?
There's some major political news brewing! More information coming up on at Noon!
no one gets remembered for the things they had, its the things we do, everything around you is future-trash, love more, do more
Clippers don't play that
-- Not sure what firing a first-year manager on May 9 does for a team ... Valentine has little effect on Boston pitching
A special thank you to ALL of our new followers!!!!
Early golf at Bent Tree tomorrow.
oh sshhhhtaaaap it!
I hate drama. Really you liked my tbh status and you didn't like that I was honest.. News flash bitch TBH means To Be HONEST get real bitch!
or westbound... BWHAHAHAHAHA ; )
no way. That was his. Don't let him try and play that off hahah
email blast just went out to all registered for DC! Let me know if you didn't receive it. We're ramping things up. 5 days..
Kings have looked great in these playoffs! RT Unbelievable! St. Louis swept by Kings...
WOW--you knew I was getting married!! How I wish I could click my heels and have you appear, DJ J-Flex.
No. Don't have a Stickerman yet!
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun and fall in love. Regret nothing and don't let people bring you down.
Gotta check it out for sure. Looks like fun.
"The new library is in a scary neighborhood! Bad things happen there!" Uh, all the neighborhood kids smoke pot at the current library park.
well, come on~I've an extra room ;)
Thanks so much to Media Mikes for posting about our film!
But drupal is great. We love drupal! drupal, drupal, drupal!!! (there's a lot of drupal love here)
The Chairman is being arrested on Hawaii Five-O!
Navigating too much #snow and too many #advertising #media options today? Consider a 1-stop planning partner to help with any OOH, anywhere.
yeah, one of the stadiums is in my city too, pretty cool.
may the 4th be with you
would you and ever do a song about man purses and man skirts?? 😄
thank you both for your support of the Heroes breakfast!
Forgot wallet yesterday. No problem. Bought lunch with their mobile app and paid for parking in DC with
Got my salad in a Tupperware!!! #bombdiva :-D
My jersey is now hanging in the closet between my jersey and Rickie Weeks jersey. #FavoriteAthletes :-)
Just watched In time!! Really good movie!!! Is so hot!!!!! :D
listener response chart is a good idea horribly executed -even the basic concept of clear display has been ignored.
Just heard the good news that a friend's open heart surgery was successful and he is out of the ICU. Happy.
I can't think of a single reason to ever wear Crocs.
...Or is there something like CALIPR for non-Cali folks?
well all my natural hair sisters may be out of this giveaway.
Mizzou really needs to improve their parking
and there's the popular you tube video "black and Jewish" sung to the same tune!!
Weekend is here. Indoor soccer. Bengals playoffs. Putting up pictures and new china cabinet above fireplace. My life rocks!
So far, lots of talk about WHAT needs to change, not much on HOW...
and naturally have the street sections be paved new where the houses were. Makes sense. You're welcome ;)
Bring "em" by. I will be here all day except from 10-11
#YouKnowItsARecession when your at the gas station making life decisions
If intelligence was directly correlated to bowling skill I'd make statements like this more often.
we cant chill here cuz my moms bf is gonna be here inna lil. So where
Woke at 4 am and couldn't get back to sleep. Apparently PPV is showing a movie called "Submissive Sluts" Seems early for that.
I agree that paras need training in ABA but so do the general and special ed teachers who should be guiding their work.
and so much less fun when it's not working!
Why not let help you power through your Wednesday!? Flash your Zipcard between 5 & 7 to receive 10% off!
What about a star or two been traded?
The truth is all that I can hear every time you lie
dont tell me wat to do
Things r finally getting interesting! Its time to go for broke!
that looks so awesome. What's it like to shoot that?
your reaction to me stealing your backpack today was priceless.
"I just want to buy a fleet of horses and name them. if you give a horse s cookie"
I am, in every thought of my heart, yours.
just finished the sample page of the new site check it out my email is on there. www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com what you think of the logo
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
I'm also not going to SXSW. But if you are, and you make "effeminate lemming" the hashtag/catchphrase of the conference, you win a prize.
We're in for a long & stormy spring. I follow and to stay informed about the latest weather alerts.
Easter=travel day. Missing He is Risen!
for #SMWSportsBiz ... Free Brooklyn lager... Classy!
wonderful lighting!
I went from having back-up plans for back-up plans to having no plans at all -_-
Can't help wht I got . Gotta make do w/ it
#YouProbablyShouldnt going sky diving without a parachute
Great season guys!! Congrats on making it to the finals 2 years in a row.
Ouch Phil! Looked like somethin off Happy Gilmore!
And Graham makes it look easy!
Hanging out with a cutie tomorrow! I said HELLO!!!
And for Halloween im a sick dude.
We're back in this!
RT : Weigh ins about to start. How many of you #UFC fans is this your first time?
This ADHD though...
Love the open space. Curious how the type works with the gutter though, was anything lost in translation when it was printed?
For the record, you guys are twins. Matching t-shirts, matching projects, and matching lack of shoes...?
lmao at struggle cake! I miss you too woman!
miss you dude ! Good to see you ! RT“: Man I talked so much baseball thinking about it I missed it”
im her martin,she's my gina (:
or how exactly diverting public funds to corporate share holders will improve learning outcomes
Taking the kids to Dollywood this weekend.
Bergen St F/G station has a serious rat problem. I saw 7 tonight, incl big 1 at my feet on platform. What's your control policy?
Oh Thank you. I am not sure about season 2. But we will always have Brighton Beach . S prazdnikami vas tozhe.
Wait, what? Already? MT : BREAKING: ZWK IS CLOSING. Kitchen is closed IMMEDIATELY. Wine Shop open till Friday-50% OFF EVERYTHING
Well i guess im gonna go watch Toy Story now. Game's over
Please dont apologize,ur hilarious! : i know you get updates so, im sorry that i kept tweeting...
Okay you guys caught me I'm not a serial killer
the long walk... and not the stephen king novel.
Upgrading your business mobiles? Make sure you get a quote from us! 0844 880 2010
just received #superbowl update from host committee... only 66 days out!! time is flying... is ready though!
lol that's my favorite song to.. :-)
Tyler Fernandez was arrested early this morning and is suspected in a rash of residential burglaries on Green Bay's west side, police say
We'll give it a listen. Thanks for the mention.
outreach svcs brings books; I do readers advisory, teach them how to download ebooks, find PEOPLE in our databases, etc.
"The eyewitness said he didn't actually see it happen." 1st line of 's A Wanted Man, which gave him the idea.
I can honestly say when I was little I thought by 2012 our world would be like The Jetsons
I LOVE blueberry pancakes! With whipped cream.
don't forget to count before hiding ;) take a picture of them first if ur counting skills impaired Hehehee
changing the company name to Gossip Troll
The admin stylesheets make me cry sometimes.
Swarthmore peace collection very helpful. Took over 200 pictures. Not bad considering it was only 2 folders
hey buddy hows everything??
I wish you'd picked a better institution to bank with.
we have never felt so much love. Thank you for blessing us charlotte. It was inspiring.
no why! I don't wanna Chicago to get eliminated to =[
DONALD'S IN THE FINALS! YES!
Mixx on Brighton Ave = easily the best froyo in the state
#1ThingAboutMySelf I don't like many people. So its really hard to catch my attention.
7 Things you didn't know about roses: #7 Getting a bouquet of 13 roses means you have a secret admirer.
♫ I discovered Kasabian when I was using on my iPhone
#imagine Austin;I wont stop until i find my runaway love You:well you can stop cuz im here. Austin:*smiles**kisses you passionately* -anna
Tell us what's on your mind, the naughtier, the better!
CaseCrown Map Slim case with Front Pocket for Acer 15.6-Inch ...
I'd love to act on SNL and put my impersonations to work!
Anyone got a pool? I got sticks on deck!
Had a good morning with the boys! Went fishing!
I used to pick those all the time when I was little. I'd do that on adventures with my cousins.
Right! Forgot about that. Hope he does. Interesting guy- met him at Pacific Conf annual meeting few years back.
you too man, welcome aboard!
How did Firefox go from the fastest, coolest browser to the dead-last slowest? I had to switch to Chrome.
Commissioner Michelle Spence-Jones, Attorney Roderick Vereen, along with Hip-Hop Artist Briscoe will be at #1000Strong4Trayvon !!!
#FF because there is no fantasy football offseason, people!
Blessed is that man who makes the LORD his trust, And does not respect the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies. Psalm 40:4
Somebody to love, Queen
I'll never understand how a woman can leave her house in the AM without showering.
Greatest thing about living Uptown. Marigny and Bywater haters gonna hate, but we have the best trees.
do the lion king thing with jojo
White Mountains loom above hills N of Fairbanks Pilot John points out permafrost line atop ridge
Where did you hear or read this?
The 900 is fun. I recently realized I could give it verbal commands. It has yet to respond to "Empty the dishwasher."
W.tntfightscancer.com I'm about to be auctioned off. Check it.
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true were really true, there would be little hope of advance. - Orville Wright
is this a lyric or real ..lol did her dirty
Wow...relaxing now...It was a wonderful weekend.
Good Morning Ficellenians! Today we'll be at Half st & M for the Nats Home opening from 11-6 Play Ball!!!!
Arrived home yesterday after the Big Trip to find the #Alpocalypse waiting for me! Thanks ! You've outdone yourself...again!
I am sending my first tweet - TWEET :)
New Orleans won the Super Bowl. The Who lost.
Ok, I'll go to bed now...
Best.Tweet. RT : #Yahoo got their CEO from eBay? And he wasn't quite what he said he was in his description? No irony there...
Next week :)
my engagement ring is here!
#Echelon3000 tonight tho! We going in for Dj A Plus & Dj Blaze birthday! Ladies *FREE* all night! #TurnUp!
Insane. It's great to be passionate fan, but things like this are just so pathetic. End of the day...it's just a game.
pants suck.
Spending the day with Idaho educators discussing the Common Core Standards and Total Instructional Alignment
Rolling up w/ my bruh
I just saw ya on espn
I know! Working on a new project :)
Thanks for the RT, Jared; it's greatly appreciated! Let me know if I can ever help you.
Love the Love/Hate, but did it get cut off? No hate in the NL West other than Latos?
big fan of dania londono in that she's pretty much running train on the secret service at this point. i'm happy when people get that chance.
your sexy ass is going to be on my tv.
Yeah, it does that sometimes. Thanks though!
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps "Someone Like You"
OH DELANIE! OH I LOVE YOU HOAR!
WebMobi HTML5 Based Pre-build Application Templates for Forms, Surveys, Landing … - Jay Williams - Social & Web Strategist...
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing. – Eugene Delacroix
Way to go #cardinals the lou is proud of u! #worldchamps n style n class. Great 7 games!
Great crowdwork, you are charming and hilarious.
that's insane!
oh no! that's not good. i hope you're alright darlin'
Karolyne likes getting her hair pulled every weekendd(;; Lmfao
Afte all of my ex's have BROKEN UP WITH ME. They all begged me to be with them again. Haha
Today is the feast day of Saint Nicholas. St. Nicholas is believed to be the inspiration for the modern day Santa Claus.
its a herb . Lol
Yay! Murder by numbers with my sexy Ryan Gosling :-)
Typo: Nurses CAN'T get enough influence...especially with the % of caregivers they represent. There are almost 3million in the U.S.
How dare the President suggest something that, prior to Boehner's turn as speaker, was always a mundane bi-partison non-issue!
just had dinner fine dining
Ah, Dark Horse, my home away from home. How I've missed you.
Al was right,it was about getting shots for Melo.Hope D'Antoni has the guts to sit Melo and A'Mare.Trade A'Mare for Josh Smith!!!!
Have you tried a bit of white toothpaste?
RT YOU KNOW A NIGGA DISLIKE THEIR JOB WHEN AFTER AN 8 HR SHIFT THEY SPEND 5 HRS LOOKING FOR ANOTHER JOB • LMFAO !”
#amwriting after having a few glasses of wine. It doesn't work for me . . .
Next at #GenieFair2012, Guha Shankar of American Folklife Center on Methods, Means, & Best Practices for Oral History Projects.
it sounds like you need a hug!
My mom said happy mothers day to me. What is she trying to say...
WHAT AN EVENING!!! We had an awesome Kirtan Workshop tonight
Oklahoma City we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Follow my besties , and ;)
We are short camera ops 2x monthly/remotes only...unless "volunteers" are put to...er "volunteer"!
I got your profile pix hanging on my living too wall. It's,a,DJ painting
I want more salad with a side of vodka..
Bless your hearts, all of you. Hang in there, Melissa.
lol, I have a booking on easter sunday in NYC
Youre chosen and selected to be first. Youre not an extra but a headliner! You were cast in this film before it went to production. Live it!
Can we be the 1000th account you follow? Please <3
Off to Geneva, OH for the "Unrest in the Midwest" stoner rock festival! We're looking forward to see the #LTDArmy out in force!
Tonight will play at 7:30pm. Who’s going to the concert?
Now begging this blunt to please roll itself...
Police searching for young males who jumped MBTA driver behind the wheel. Bus slammed into building in Roxbury. at 5:30 on
Yeah, but I had to pay for mine... and no one has even noticed. lol!
Couple in front us at Black Keys left way early. Likely dirty bathroom sex in their near future.
slider by Patrick Robinson is sneaky good. Life of a ball player on the cape for the summer
finally home from Ikea and ready to redecorate the design studio!!
would love for you to join us tonight!!!! Have a great show!
#InCoopWeTrust GO BOBCATS! Sweet Sixteen here we come
same. lets skip out and go. #yolo ; )
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically.
I LOVE a Man that's ROMANTIC! .... Do they still make those kind of guys anymore!?
Ready to board a plane for home! EuroTour 2012 was another great Oakbridge experience!
I'm exhausted just thinking about it and he is going to be in Victorian dress too boot!
“: Shout out to #JohnKing we are an hour into the #cnndebate & not one question on high gas prices. GP
Regal Car Sales and Credit - Muskogee in Da' House!!
I'm getting on the Last Train to Clarksville tonight. Meet ya'll at the station.
happy mothers day to all the awesome, loving moms out there, including mine \o/ - and to the rotten ones: snap out of it. that is all.
#TEAMNOSLEEP ! ? … kidding my mom will kick my a* ... night everybody...
Just joined the iPad revolution.
Lol...thanks! :-) I think there is some Irish in my family, along w/ German & Cherokee Indian...lol. Why do u ask?
For Garrison, I think the average age of downtown MKE went from whatever it normally is to exactly 64.
jay is the one who said he'd look!
This is it, the moment officially became capable of buying and selling me.
“: Your subconscious mind is 30,000 times more powerful than your conscious mind.” NUTTY
Shout out to our friends over at , hope you’re doing well!
SHOTS FIRED PREMIERES MAY 19TH @ THE PORTAGE THEATER...get your tickets...FUNNIEST MOVIE OF 2012..
I just really need a hug
What going on people?? Comment me how are you doing today...
forgive me I think some twitter accounts have been compromised. I am not sending you any messages personally.
Rayman Origins for $15 at Gamefly? This is why I never buy games full price anymore; I hold out for deals like this.
<Now Ur Mobile!!!>
Hey hey hey How are you sis?
Early going today we have plays posted from 87 cappers so far with a consensus on the side in both FB tonight More to come
1 good thing about death-you can take your secrets with you. morbid? true?
Yes I am back and I want to make a trip to Eugene! When should I come visit?
RT : Tweet 1000 goes out to my fellow #comicnerds. I hope to see most of you this January at the
#Celtics look to deal #Rondo for #CP3, #Pacers mentioned as possible third team #Granger, rumors say CP3 won't take Celts extension
Confession7:i dont like girls that give it up on the first night
Ha! That is good. I think Sting would concur!
Just smile.
I am hungry
Humidity. The ultimate #southerngirlproblem. Unfortunately today it´s also a
My #Klouchebag score is 6. I won't brag because I'm a "nice person."
Finally home! 1st track meet tomorrow , I'm so nervous yet excited , let's see how it goes !
Massive changes about to occur.
RT :Mayra Cansigno everybody loves you and wants you to have a wonderful birthday including me!
This is right in step with the model privacy work you are doing and even here in Seattle
BASE Camp is Mobile! Please text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you want to donate to the number: 27138!
#genomesolver #curenet anne rosenwald from georgetown univ: site is well rec'd and idea of tweeting is too.
I miss my girlfriend o y'all thought I was single LMAO :0
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
did i get that right? is farmville, like, the most-played popular game ever.. on FB or everywhere?
Quick follow up. did you check the email? lets get to jammin!!
FB followers interact with ya girls send us your topics for discussion....today we are discussing FB groups!!!!!
what picture did you think it was?
It's hard enough when you BLACK and can't find a job but now you wanna raise taxes. Keep raising em & ya'll asses aint gone have sh.t
Is it really necessary to repeatedly blast the car horn outside the apt. building at 9 in the morning? Really?
can't help u with the money, but maybe could help doing it with less. Done plenty of that because of background. (NY based dp)
Wasn't he supposed to go to the packers
Performance clocks in at 5 hrs and 2 mins and 48 seconds - let's see if we can get it under an hour today!
Good idea. Also, get someone whose presentation is more visual--easier to follow while eating.
RT : #Virgo children are intellectual and artistic. They love to figure out how to make something, then make it beautiful."
what r Pobs?
heading out to NYC at 5am so no fun other than the Wilco for this boy tonight.
Aloha DC!
Callers with personal stories about bullying.
Your cat doesn’t want to take a pill! Let us put it in a cream to rub on its ear – it’s that easy! Call 412-681-6400 – avoid CAT ATTACK
"I intend to fight obstruction with action." The coming season.
Haha okay maybe not...
#Elvis is in the house!
Thank you and you're welcome! :)
hope u all had a great wkend songwritn n singin in Nashville, LUV IT!
Every boat owner should read this! Last summer we watched with tears in eyes as a tuber tore up our glassy bay for hours!
Latenight munches:D haha love it
Every photo bears your logo or brand image. Through socially networked iSnap, that photo will reach hundreds of friends and family members.
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
we would love for u and ur family to visit us!
I am reading Janni Lee Simner's Winter Faerie! --
“Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing”
Follow me<33
Listen to the spirit of God- Jesus... He is calling you out in the storm... Continued next tweet
Wine plays a role in holistic health. We love your events and specials & I enjoy visiting from time to time! ~Linda :o)
Happy birth-day to - Brandon Uttley's new shop. I'm sure it will be a huge success.
please follow!
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. – W. Clement Stone
RT “: Ima ride for u whether u right or wrong. It doesn't matter what we go through ima always be there because I love hard”
To look like a buffalo?
Good night all!
Funny. Maybe DeMaio was there after all, speechless.
2/2 2) Sneakers are works of art. That said, is anyone out there preserving them for the future? Is there a sneaker museum ?
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. A. A. Milne
Clearly I DO need more coffee.
preciate it,,,b sure to check out sum mo of my Muzik,,,WingzOnaPlane
Congrats & Happy 25!
Gotta get up early and teach tomorrow & Sunday at the Mt. San Antonio College Writer's Weekend. #booklearnin'
On now: Original Sin Cider, Rust Belt Peacemaker Imperial IPA, Great Divide Yeti Imperial Stout
thanks! Refueling with lots of beer!
Does wear a helmet ? B/c somewhere an #NFL player is - LOL.
is it 2010 again? That's how you run an offense with Ryan at the helm. Turner was big. Then a deep ball over the middle to Roddy.
oh still cool af
I was out 22 days at 150 diff places and unlocked 6 badges in the past month! (via )
We love our job!
have a blast brother!!
Mondays, two a day wrestling practices! >>> exhausted
dyed the hair blonde today. super cute and a whole new me.
Each other week
Poor Pinterest. I just got a message that they're servers are overloaded and to try again later.
Got two huge projects at the end of this month, really need to tie loose ends on lingering projects to really immerse in these new works.
More like low rent than Lohan.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!\|
RT : Army started using SM for recruitment, now using for active solders to share and engage with families.
i really feel sorry for mrs. herman cain...i am not sure i could have endured it all. sad.
I Want A White Tattoo......18 Should Come Faster! Wanna Be Tattooed Up. lol
Why does always gotta happen to my homies, Im thinkin in my head man is god really judgin me
Thanks! Stop by and see us in Vegas at #4041!
Ugh i need a new bookbag
Cure #caseoftheMondays with our #trivia and $9 fried chicken dinner. Nothing better.
absolutely agree w/ your statement! Both parties full of corruption. Almost too much 2 overcome. Looking carefully Libertarian party
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Whether you like tacos or pickles (or both), we've got you covered tonight
ok “: Apparently I have been told...if you love me you have to follow my best friend You have no choice.:)
Productivity at school reaching an all-time low
What an AMAZING day i got to spend with Cory&his family. I'm floating on a cloud right now. thank you for a GREAT time babe :) I love you!
you watching this?
Oh honey boo boo child you know I's headed back to Sassville m
Cold in California!
How is it that you ask someone to be your mentor?
REK in town tonight. Finally checking out ACL Live.
i like the Halloween/Michael Myers movies and the Child's Play movies ..... PS check out my myspace
harry potter fucking ended! why?!?
Glad to see you like our sense of fun. We are doing what we can to add some fun back to flying here at MKE. Happy travels!
This Junior Seau stuff is sad. Guy was a beast on the field.
Had a Kindle since Christmas and only just figured out that there are FREE books on Amazon that you can just HAVE, without a Prime acct.
You should come join us next time! It'd be fun!
Later this month we'll be doing some give-aways on the Small Town Living Blog. If you want to get a jump on other potential winners take a m
RT : Barely a mention of boxes at Dell Annual Industry Analyst Conference #DAAC in Austin. You've come a long way baby!
In the news: Chicago investor and philanthropist J.B. Pritzker - Examiner Scion of a prominent American business family, ventures backed
Adobe Illustrator RT : did we ever find out what used for the #nyscate keynote preso? Felt like prezi.
Why is the man who invests all your money, called a broker?
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
Thanks to the #oah2012 staff for the Advil. My morning heroes.
Look forward to hearing updates down the track. Please keep me postd. Good to be back in touch!
If all else fails, sleep with your sources. Worked for one of my former journalism professors.
i-i've been feeling lonely
r u here my love?
his downfall more to do with body breaking down? That swing, all the torque, too much on back and knees IMHO
Laptop, phone and ipod get taken away. My mom goes downstairs for like 5 mins, i take all 3 back and she doesn't notice
Time to finish off the B's
Morning all.
#50YB Flacco has a fairy tramp stamp
Hell yeah!
It seems we are having some bold and beautiful brides this year. I am seeing some vibrant colors from hot pink to turquoise. I love it!
of though and we're so cute together!!!!!!!!$$
Star Trek Anniversary and my wedding anniversary are the same day… coincidence? Well, yes, but still pretty cool in my book.
Do your thing!!! I need to go to bed too, good nite
you're not alone! A return tweet from him is my sole goal on Twitter : p
I want to thank Carole for noticing that I had the incorrect date on my post yesterday. The seminar is Thursday, May 3, 2012 at the Pfister…
my teacher is such a bitch..
#FF Check out these great supporters of ROCK!
The vocal editing on this new Usher song is horrible. Stop trying to emulate
why do you love me
&& sometimes it doesn't.
Madison's Hardest Trivia hits Thursday at 9pm. It's free, it's fun and it's backed by PBR, which you can drink from 16oz cans
lmao come out here this weekend fam
. Amazing. Just... Amazing. Bravo. Thank you for the solid laugh on an otherwise hard Friday.
Gearing up for a fabulous weekend!
Legs: heavy and weak leg
Bummer! Hope you feel better! Love you.
R.I.P. Adam Yauch
USC has a marriage counseling program through rossier
the Downtown Y! Great Group fitness classes & instructors!
tired but im too congested to sleep ugh
Going to try! sorry you're so far away! will raise a glass to you. cheers!
Halo Getting a Live Action Webseries
I got a perfect 450 on the math part of the cahsee, wooopwoop 👊😊 Check me tf out 🎓
We have a family pack of ticket vouchers for tonights Sesame Street Live show tonight at Santa Ana Center! FREE just let us know 881-3449.
Let's put it this way. Kelly Clarkson's 'Stronger' album is my third favorite album of all time. Every song is great.
Sounds good!! Ill make sure she is hungry. Then she will walk circles in the kitchen :)
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be
i wish i had friends that hungout with me.
Bynum's shorts would make a good snuggie
“KILL HIS ASS , OBI ONE !”
OpenStack: Moving From Inflection Point to Business as Usual
Happy Thanksgiving! What's for dinner?
You choosing that over me.. Alright there's no argument there! Enjoy!!
Great to meet at #TribeFest and discuss strategies for using sports to achieve social change in the areas of her work
Lmfaoo you mad
We have to blue our loads all over that arena.
I really want to rant right now... But I won't :) gotta sleep
Some serious storms around. God is pissed about Amendment 1! ;)
Thank you! -sent via Pony Express
gobble gobble
"Powered" by Intel Centrino.
“Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.” ~Melody Beattie
I don't like shitting in the woods.
Don't move too sharply, Jennifer Lopez- your boob might pop out.
Back in LA. After great conference of linkshare in SF. Impressive number of fantastic client they introduced Pixspree to! Thx
I passed the eff out on Kane's new bed
It's called Scalability and Programming, and he touches on the work done at VPRI on doing radically more with less code.
Nathan Sykes from The Wanted looks just like Christian Beadles just an older version (: MEGUSTA
I'm a birth defect with the scars to prove it.
hahaha nevermind found it....You genius you!!!!
cuz I'm Amy that's why , and can we DM , this is long lol
Still got room in our restaurant for our traditional thanksgiving dinner... you know, in case of any last minute kitchen disasters ;)
There can be only one.
I'm tha Diamond in tha Ruff that ain't been found
Why hello LONGEST DAY EVER. I'd like to be done with you now.
Wow #tigers breaking this one open. Crew needs to do the same tonight!
Ouch ": All Missouri golf courses are now only 14 holes...they never play the Final Four anyway."
hey twitter ♥
I can't believe the Justin Bieber concert was rescheduled! :( I guess i'll just have to wait till wednesday and hope he's better! :)
The Daily Aztec is independent from us. But scanning the archives does sound like a good idea!
and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
Me n sleep are Always at WAR!!!! I should be the new spokesperson for INSOMNIA!!!
why is Oliver smilying
Private Practice, Grey's and now Scandal. Good stuff!!
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO YOU FUCKKKKER.
what happened to my report/block spam option?
Took a breastfeeding class Mon. Teacher told us we should cheer baby's poopy diapers to build self esteem. She's the 1% we should protest.
Should Come To My House And Be My Present . <3
You haven't heard of DMB? Oh the youth and how they need to learn the ways of live music, I wish I had an ICS.
Does iDVD not exist anymore?
Tiger Woods's stinger 3-wood out drove GMac's driver on one.
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
they do according to my not so smart phone
right now?
Dental care Personnel have to watch for this kind of scenarios and listen to their own gut response in such cases
It's so funny watching march madness and seeing sitting at the replay table. Where is the orange tie cheese?
Great turn out at today's GPPCMA meeting! Looking forward to a great program!
If you dont make a constant effort to be with me or talk to me I'll lose interest in you just saying.
My baby just smiled at me for the first time! #HappyMothersDayToMe :)
you've brought this on yourself to be honest.
Keith Fritz Furniture is now on Twitter! Please follow!
Another hurdle has crossed my path. Pesky things. Shall I - yell, laugh, cry, go get french fries, or crawl into bed with Game of Thrones?
I had to send it twice because I messed up in the first tweet! Haha gawd!
1 month till tour begins. This will be a life changing experience. Let's make the best of it man.
Radelet: "Instances of violence has actually fallen in the African Countries we consider as developing and democracies."
I don't hold the Bible in the same way that you do, apparently.
yes why ??
Not sure about that - I'm far from an expert and feel like I've spent much more time on the golf course :)
RIP and thank you Steve Jobs, always the King of Product in my world. Incredible vision , uncompromising quality, art and tech.
living life to the fullest. kisses to my haters u bitches are my motivators!
Good heavens!
This Day in History: Agatha Christie the famous English writer of mystery novels was born. What’s your child’s favorite mystery book?
I just saw this! What kind of things does she like to do?
Leverage social to drive mobile traffic - let your users review you - friends trust their friends reviews more than ads
I'm a sucker for a baseball player
BITCH nigga ypu got mhy money i dont got yours so watch how the fuck you coming at me . its been how long nigga ???
Thanks! Now, to help you find a few coat hooks....
#VHP collection 7% of total archive is female vet experiences. Of that 65% are women WWII vets
lmao who is that?
Road trip to to see my sister's a cappella group in concert.
I'm so mad at the world right now... To think I was thinking about harming myself or worse over this a few days ago... WTF?
Idk how I got this way I no its not all right so I'm breaking a habit
what time that party startin ?
Happy #Leap Year Boston!!! Any plans on your extra day today??
;) They are so awesome guys! Ready to see a preview of another one we worked on!? RT : whoaa concert weirdos new t-shirts!!! :D
So sorry to hear about the Getty staff cuts. We love that place..
I had a short stint as a serials assistant where I used it a little, but now I'm back in public services
I'm bored at work
You can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever be simply whelmed?
#Scandal is good, but getting weird... a good death?
My boy is riding w/no training wheels it's a big day in West Allis!
That sounds nice. I need a hammock. LOL
Yes I realize my tv should be used this weekend for the Superbowl. But I'm not transporting it to you, dad....
<----SHE RIDE ___ SO GOOD:-) ...My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things lol
Hi All We are over here wishing everyone a good rest of the evening! We will be here GET AT US! LETS MAKE SOME MOVES FOR OUR FUTURE!
I'm just gonna tell her I'm not playing and than just show up for try outs
thats good ! and just because just ready for a break or sum
I don't understand the whole shout out concept. I don't mind giving accounts shout outs. I just don't understand why followers matter?
Bow ties are really cool this season, just make sure they have lots of fun colors in them. www.southfloridaalerts.com
JUST USED MY NICKNAME ON TWIITER...IMA BEAT YOUR ASS :p
those are the solid, numerical facts. Perception is great -- facts are better.
What?! It's too early in the day for stalking. I'm networking! Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be hiding in these bushes.
Hometown show tonight I will def be at Rivertown prior.
Why ? Cause she cause she got that BOOMERANG pussy !
soo I loved sleeping with baby, & Waking up next to him ;* yeeeaaah, good morning!
it's sprinkles! Who says jimmies?
if youre coming to see us tonight at HOB, GET HERE NOW because we are playing in the cambridge room at 5:15!
I'm going to bed! Goodnight :) Don't be mad at me! See you tomorrow.
hahaha RT : SARAH PALIN, Y U NO RUN SO WE CAN ALL LAUGH?
Finally going to bed, got a special boy on my mind.
Sometimes in football you have to score goals.
Send me tax reforms and I will sign them right away!
I did!
ok, that will do as a first instagram from L.A., i guess.
let me guess, Miz won?
#40thingsaboutme 39. I have really old parents...it's kind of weird :) haha
totally in!
Please tell me you've already written one called "You Can Donut!"
hungry and mom is no where to be found
...typically it's up to pr profs to enroll their students. I'll check the details tonight & send you and more info!
Best bday ever
In the middle of no where :3 oh joy! :D
Thanks for the mention!
I think you are awesome
Derek Morgan and Penelope Garcia ❤
Up High AF Eatin Noodles Lbs
Nice!! Who done it?
He Had Addias On With No Socks -__- .
Yayt brother and his gf is here right now!!!
Hey! Everybody really needs a #businesscoach & #lifecoach...I'm just willing 2 discount. Wow...better email.
What would Buffy do?
Dunn played bass on Otis Blue. That's really all you need to know about how awesome he was.
good thing we never had mood swings
8:30 on a Friday night...got out of the shop early!
Coming soon to a print book near you: LE JAZZ HOT is going to PRINT! No date yet, but have the cover art!
RT Was Awesome!! what bout urs? HOW WAS UR HOLIDAY??
thats a good thing! no work today? thank god for mlk day!
Yes i cant wait!! And yea ill be there! RT : yay! Excited for sat? U going the taco spot tonight?
Hiring a 3rd guitar and/or piano teacher for my mobile teaching studio. Good money, training provided. Contact if interested.
Be nice to people on your way up because you may meet them on your way back down. - Jimmy Durante
The guy at the table behind me is such a whiny bitch I'm surprised he gets any sex at all - what a loser!
I don't need excuses for it, I need the flopping to stop. It's bad basketball and I hate watching it.
oh ok
so far I'm digging it. Lots of opportunity here for me. Which is awesome. But I'm gonna miss home.
I got back to seattle at 10 pm and it was a small plane so we had to walk outside and I thought I was gonna freeze even tho it was 50°....
hahaha! message boards. You aren't a fan if you aren't actively boarding
Great to meet you at the NAGGL conference! Glad to see our popcorn was a success! You may say that we popped the competition out of the bag!
I honestly can't remember the last time I was completely healthy how sad is that
Two words. LaMichael. James. What if.
Getting ready to party at the dragons layer nightclub I will be there spinning all the latest hits. So come party
Oops...thanks
I'm so glad I can actually consider Anderson an option now!
Entire Michael Aram Inventory is now 40% off!!
i can`t getting my phone taken away.
I'm in bed
Someone give me their iphone please
Met some great #RockStars in my Resume Building for Emerging Leaders session today at #Illinois #CommunityAction Agency conference in Spfld
In the kitchen with Axel Rios-Bonilla, chef/owner of April&#39;s Pie Company
Purging old files and getting a bit nostalgic. It's amazing how many great projects I've been a part of I love my job!
This graduation was so ratchet
going to see Bruno again!!!
well we have no choice, shop :) lol
I was so close to calling the front desk and reporting them. Then I looked at them and most of them were overweight. They need it...
have to hand it to Kansas... made it a great game.
Who is stoked for our show this Saturday at club 156?!?!
talk to me when you're not an egg. What? Do you got a bug on you or something?
is not funny, i can't stop crying. she told me so much shit, my nigga i feel like dying, im not even kidding.
Join us for happy hour today and check out our new FREE appetizer buffet!
YOU STARTED WATCHING SHERLOCK THIS WEEK? ME, TOO!!!!
you're the best! <3
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having, a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Twitter definitely makes it more interesting!
TU letter to Editor: Opposes Anti-Discrimination law because it discriminates against people's right to discriminate on 'moral' grounds.#???
I like how is wearing a Detroit Red Wings cap while talkin bout on NFL top 100. C'mon man show the #Caps some love
In the market for a mid sized SUV but there appears to be no good deals or incentives for consumers to buy..let me know if anyone knows one
. that's your government ... making your life worse in small ways, every day.
Brain is in overload trying to follow both!
QUOTE - "A desk is a dangerous place from which to watch the world." John le Carre. No Kidding. Get off your rear-end and do something.
Pauli :D
I thought one of my co-workers was pulling my leg about a mexican latte! They are definately worth gettin!
Oh hell yea my favorite #Boondocks episode is on
Oh HAI Seattle :)
Joss Whedon is a genius. That is all.
welcome back to the Burgh.
intern for the magic? They're definitely using you as the scapegoat for Dwight leaving
You ready? Our brackets need this.
some of my favorites. GM to you all.
question from who notes we're moving away frome single version to authors who want to have all versions ready
Sometimes i wish i could just drink to where i dont have to wake up to this bullshit world
Thanks for letting us help 'stache out your fleet! We had a blast with this project!
Adam. Hey baybaaaaay! Me and luv ya man.
Im falling apart by the second.
Percy Miracles was the best.
Kitty ripped key off of laptop. I was able to repair it. I feel useful now. SKILLZ!
Try to snap a Union Rags photo if you can. Been in love with that horse since the Champagne last year. Thanks!
Good morning to you!
also in the middle of debating adding two newish songs to the CD to make it 9 total instead of just 7
👏👏👏 Thank god somebody did; I can smell the others through their tweets lmao
We'll miss seeing and reading you. Best wishes for whatever is next RT : Leaving USA Today. Thanks to all
she hit puberty, which is why she and my mom think it's okay.
Your pocket tweets get more RTs & Favorites than my carefully constructed, obsessively rewritten tweets. :|
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!""""
I hate the Yankees.
rock on brothas!!
I do not want to work today....
I do but the school is a really good chool plus my crush is going there
I want to kill everybody in the world.
hey the app isn't working so hmu on here okay ily :)
idc about lebrons choking ass. My question is why does one team have 24 ft n one have 5. It's the playoffs.
Wtf is going on my body??
I'm at the Pavilion! Come out here!
Having alotta fun
i'm sort of doing the same. i'm in downtown philly. nite life is good down here. people watchin is a good thing for me
is that mr 0 for 4
Key Committee is still a very young band. Any suggestions as to how we can be a better band or who to talk to to get the word out? Thanks!
my weekends are more part of my work week -> I'm starting a new #art work #NightRanger #MasterofROCK by himself
ugghh I have met my share of those before
Thanks for all the support! xoxoxox
Hopefully today is better then yesterday
If I didn't have the man above I wont have shit I thank you for everything
hey Ms Karen good day to you
I hungry for some ritz crackers right about now
Work in a museum or like them? Follow #MW2012 and #MuseSocial this week for interesting and thought provoking tweets. Pls RT
This talk right now at 's >>>>
Tired. starting another 48 tomorrow hope everyone has fun and stays safe this weekend
We loved having at our West Suburban location this morning to test out TRX!
Cause we like to go BALLS DEEP on that bitch.
It's a "hint, hint" RT This is the second or third time Obama as pointed out that he got Bin Laden
srsly you complete us
iknow right but its so funny sometimes!
I don't even know you any more
grateful for small blessings and miracles alike. happy friday.
not jk mirena is the best decision I've made in my adult life. I haven't had a period since 2007
nothing like a bit of Reggatta De Blanc to get your morning moving
right on dude!!! We don't put up with that crap! :D
Scarlet and grey looks good on #urbanmeyer ...go #Buckeyes !
Grow up. #fuckEx's.
YOU ARE THE BEST!
WHY VAT
The most EFFECTIVE+EFFICIENT way to produce is to work intensively 4 70-90 minutes & then take a REJUVENATION break. Rinse & repeat.
I cant after six because the bitch will be here.
Do you mean right click? I am on a Mac. When I click on it, it just lets me change the name
Some people come into your life as blessings, others come into your life as lessons
#artsed #nyapd #f2fconf pd for arts educators should have expertise coming from the educators and be engaging and fun
RT " thanks for the follow,if u need ideas for latinamerican markets,let us know! greetings !" Absolutely!
I will be in St. Louis Park, Roseville and Forest Lake. Need a window cleaning estimate today?
Appreciate it, Coach! Miss yall! Hope to join you for some golf in a few months!
Happy Sunday and Happy Easter! "I am the resurrection and the life." - John 11:25
Out of $400 NLH quick. Got it in w 67 on 257 / 6 turn vs 2. OK w my decision, but was a tough spot.
ice cream+Switched At Birth marathon =great night
RT Trendeh The awkward moment when Diarrea is a trending topic... proving that the TT's really are shi.......never mind.
RT : Lawd I done forgot I was watching #Whitney's funeral, we in church! Preach Pastor WINANS!
Who do you think will win the NBA championship this year?
Hey guys, please follow my friend !
Thanks for the love for #WaitingForLefty! Hope to see you when you're out here :)
Gabba gabba HEY! RT Today I'm shooting a scene for Californication where I'll be playing Joey Ramone at a CBGB's flashback!!!
aww I'm sorry! Yeah thank god I got over my sickness this weekend.
I'm doing a karaoke marathon myself. Wouldn't it be funny if we were in the same place?
« Lying to my face is equivalent to spitting in my face. I will punch you in yours.»
as soon as my dad gives me my laptop back
play date my ass!! Jaja got a laugh out..
Well, some nights, I wish that this all would end 'cause I could use some friends for a change.
Congrats to one of my best friends on signing with the #NewYorkKnicks. Very happy for you brother, go get it!
Audit sampling is not only boring but also confusing. I can never pass the CPA exam with the rate that I am going...
#nyy #yankees No teams puts a more pronounced shift on TEX than Tampa (Madden actually was the first). If the situation calls for it..(cont)
The chilli cheese fries I had earlier from the philly cheese steak place were da bom !!!
Want us to follow you? Then tweet about us telling people to check us out and we will follow you :)
Please add a search box to the new designed home page of WMT for agencies....new thumbnails make it a slow scrolly process. Thx!
Short Girls Run Shit !
Lets just call it myspaceface!!!!
Hey & #rockcenter thank you for the stupidest story of all time a stupid French person his unicycle & his commute
Yup. Things seem to be going my way :)
i just killed ...... A FLY! THAT IS .. omg ... i'm like so proud of myself. that's pretty big.
MT : Over 700 educators from over 70 countries are coming together to celebrate innovative education via tech.
“: It's not your fault for hurting me. It's mine thinking you wouldn't .”
editing. JAWS marathon on in the background. nice headband!
AnaCJohnson thanks for following me on Twitter!
But cutting a degree program like CS that so clearly benefits students is shameful, regardless.
Have you seen the 1871 space yet? I'm hoping to get down there soon.
TGIF! Not a moment too soon.
Go on asking all them. Question
Ed can go back to the UK now
Where my followers at
sorry, we don't have that functionality as yet, but when we do we will let you know.
Home and happy with friends and wine. See ya next year,
they were mice? or little people
I would like to add that I enjoy your Twitter feed very much most of the time.
Pattie sees us as a normal fanbase. Scooter, Jeremy & Justin know that we're a little pervy. But Alfredo knows how we REALLY are.
againagain!& don't forget what we talked about !;D
When we linkin up Supreme Beatz??
love the new website!!! makes me smile when I'm there :-)
omfggggg no you don't !!!
EVERYONE IN THE CLEVELAND AREA GO TO SEE MY MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK' @ REGAL CINEMAS (RICHMOND HEIGHTS,WILLOUGHBY,OR ELYRIA) THANKS YOU DO IT NOW!
lol in bed horny
I just had to hit Mason the anatomy of why girls aren't into him right now and into my best friend Richard Jacobs..
no no no its not like that :p
lol. No problem.
a month now -__-
That awkward moment when some guy who's at a before prom dinner with his date winks at you. o_o
Fans of use the code"JordanArkaik" to get 25% ends sunday!
Nothing Much Bro! Getting ready to get in some Morning Cardio!
Capped off a busy day by serving dinner at with staff.
Attention nerds : stop what you're doing and see Cabin In The Woods. It is our mind's duty.
Stuffed French Toast for breakfast
Dear 6 AM Monday meeting... its not you, its me... Coffee and 8 AM are really more my style. Nothing personal, just a compatibility thing.
Good morning peeps! ROCK the week!
WHOA on Horrible Bosses, boss! I liked that movie!
oh well theres a Mexican bring it on one haba
ugh so much laundry & cleaning to do before gets here tomorrow, can't fucking wait!!
word....: If only the Knicks had played the other games like an elimination game."
Good Morning! :D
Day 2 Next year I'm creating our display inside a huge genie bottle.
What would you do?
#goodtoknow RT : The lethal dose of caffeine for humans is ten grams, or about 100 cups of coffee consumed in 4 hours.
Hate we didn't get amille but ill take the class we have as is. Good luck with the dookies
Hey Guys! It's great to see some new followers! :) ♥
OMG I would be so excited to go! I lost 12 lbs this season of and was so inspired :-).
Starting the journey to Austin today with a stop in Dallas. Mom says I need a good home-cooked meal.
thanks for spreading the love for us!
"Forward down the field!"
pulled pork sandwiches today!
And you wonder why i dont do anything outside the house!
bite me
those were the days
I hate wearing pants that are likee loose , cause they look weird on me . ehh oh well .
Scary huh?! If we were a state wouldn't that make Vince Gray Governor? Kwame Brown Lt Governor? Oh my...
Sounds like one hell of a journey!!
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
UW extends the 5-year contracts of Bo Ryan, Mike Eaves, Mark Johnson,and Bobbie Kelsey by another year.
": Decisions are the worst!! Popcorn or icecream?? Lol"both. Throw popcorn in ice cream
she's jerking your chain bro! We saw you at The Raleigh. Sick set xD
I should have said that I saw , Staind (), and in Belton last night. Great concert!
Looks like that fixed the issue. Everything is looking good now.
What kind of stuff would you want to win?
hahaha.. “: My internet bride got delivered today, she's the WiFi always dreamed of.”
Just got home from NYC.
Only in Canada
Thinking about him <3
Today at 4:30 pm in the Gate, First Floor Lounge-- You've Got a Friend in Me. FREE PIZZA!
Happy New year everyone! First meal of the year is midnight snack of toasty baguette w scrambled eggs and robluchon cheese!
So much damn jet lag... -____-
zap!your pressing my follow button:)
I had a beautiful Marroccan sandwich at Casablanca on 1st avenue between 61st & 62nd street in Manhattan. Great service, fresh and gorgeous!
great job!
Whenever I hear "do you think I'm sexy" @ work I grin. Images of Scottish men
This might not be news to some, but . . . Seau is the eighth Charger to die from franchise's 1994 Super Bowl team. All under the age of 45.
Vin Diesel has been a major fashion influence here
Cognition & emotion go hand in hand.
"ultimate urban oasis" Can I get that on a T-Shirt?!
Hey Brenda thank you for the follow!
A cyclist was just struck by a truck in front of my house this afternoon-and he was obeying traffic laws. Why?
Final line for Pettitte: 6 1/3 IP, 7H, 4ER, 3BB, 2K. Standing ovation for the veteran even though they trail. Says something about him.
what, are you drunk?
watching AMAS! crossing my fingers that wins the favorite tour headliner and favorite female artist! she already won one!
#digitalindia traditional and online distance ed models differs widely. What do the institutions and users get out of them?
I know when is online cos my whole page fills up!
Clearly, you bought the pogs without skulls, snakes or kaleidoscopic tie-dye. RT No one likes pogs.
I'm not sure if we have time for the Biebs. But maybe his people could call our people
Looking forward to the NCAA Women's Lay up shooting contest tomorrow.
It's SO hard!! Thanks for the kind words! MT I find it hard to just go with the flow, but it generally turns out much better
Waiting for the insurance guy to come assess the hail damage to my car. I've never filed a claim before, I hope it goes smoothly.
So you can rake a guy across the chest and arms multiple times, and no call. But brush against his scalp and it's a foul. Okay.
big city dreams :)
Where do you find this stuff mike lol
My 300 tweet s/o goes to waking up at 10 am like a normal college student, not 0450!
well veteran gasol not helping at all. Laker fan but not really a good team. Okc might sweep them.
oh that sounds wonderful!!! Can we share? :)
R.I.P. Don Cornelius
I'm probably an alcoholic
#GRAMMYGlam really cool site for Grammys fashion- meets music.
well now thats depressing :( I thought I was easy to follow..not to be confused with 'easy' in general. Um, yeah. Hope you can. :)
SAME DAY DELIVERY SOLUTION FOR ALL YOUR COURIER NEEDS!! www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
Wanted to know if you would be open for 2 events at UJ, the CPC Crew and another one...
here's a fun fact, that's an old fackin song from Philadelphia Eagles 3 the mixtape that meek released about a month ago
thank you!
People all over this country are answering calls for help! Thank you to everyone that has contacted us to get involved! You are all amazing!
in everything you see the necessity of effect.
Looking forward to Friday!!!
You around thru next week? Would be great to catch up. you must meet our social lead on site:
& Lauren: #MtVernon was the place to be tonight. Thanks y'all.
They Can't Fuck With Me On #BlackOps And You Can't Either And Thats
I also had cockblocker no2(my husband is no1) with me so...yea'
I've been lagging on tweets. Working on lyrics. Hitting up the gym. Devouring a lot of chicken. Saw Where The Wild Things are..so good!
so thankful for the rain. Don't let rain or heat ruin your event have it in our indoor grand ballroom.
Just looked it up on IMDB and disappointed it's no-names. Original had Swayze, Sheen, Ferris Buller's sister, Caroline in the City
I'm working on that part now...I think it's Roman's Oasis at 9:30....standby for more details
": "Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same" " This was amazing, I love you Steph
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
works for me!
I wish I could forget some things off of my mind for good, it'd make life so much easier.
How can we be so close on some things and so far apart on others? I'm confused.
I'm in SoCal with the fam! aww sorry, that would be so fun! You gotta come visit sac sometime tho :)
oh i get it y pies conque seas feliz me too! ^.^
Going to see Hanna with my step-mom. The last film she saw in a theatre was Vanilla Sky.
some times Ppl can't look in to the future and I don't think she can see past what he has settled for Jojo
Way too cold I promise you'll need some Theraflu !
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
I still need to write it. Not sure quite yet which direction to take.
woo! i'm good with that
Thanks so much! :)
Why do men resort to calling you a bitch when you're more clever than they are
Our meetings are open to the public, so feel free to stop by! We'd love to have you.
cop a shirt and ill throw one in free and you can use my discount code to get 10% off and free stickers/lanyards
start with tho.
I have a shirt here for you! I sent you an email to get an address so I can send it to you with a note to express my gratitude
Same here! CostCo is cheaper by about .10c I believe. That's where we both filled up our cars.
And thank you for helping us track it down! Enjoy Sundance! /cc
welcome to Twitter!
glad to hear that! is a visionary and a paradigm-smasher of the first order
You know your a real teenager when you remember the lyrics to '1.2 step' and the dance moves. hahahahahaha <3
Thank you! Very glad to be here!
Anyone hear any news lately about Tweetie 2 (for mac)? Waiting and waiting for that e-mail from Macheist about beta testing...
Clippers score at beginning of 3rd qtr. Miss the extra point. Colonials 7:6 Clippers.
no. Still got two others and a bass, but I do have this one available
Imma be playing Diablo II up in this bitch
I think his tractors sexy, it really turns me on.
break a leg
She is being such a brat
sorry for the delayed response just search for
can't wait until they index it by name, tho.
pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. ITS THE CIRCLE OF LIIIIIIFFFFE.
Two more days then roadtrip to Vegas baby!
Next is French :/
That's not really young..? :P
Papers to shred? Bring 'em in! Or, we'll come to you!
So much packed into this dlc #ForcesOfNature IS GONNA BE the best one yet
I wish people were like money. So you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real & which ones are fake.
I wish Denzel Washington would get a twitter
For a minute thought you were giving a #fashion forecast. “: Go green! Go white! Go Orange! #michiganstate #Syracuse #NCAA”
Lol, Some People Think Because I Haven't Did What They've Done, I've Done Nothing. When I Look At Their End Result, I'm Glad I Didn't. :)
Don't take people's word for it, live your own life!
I just wanna sleep.
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
Don't u hate it when therz nuthin on the radio then when u don't hav time to listen 2 da radio the the most awsome song comes on
hi! Follow me here at much more active on that one now.
He chose to love me, when I felt unlovable.
Good for you, Laura!!!
In FAHRENHEIT 451, every citizen was forced to have 2 way TV in every room. Turning TV off was crime against state! NVRMD - Drones r here!
aww thank you!
I have a DM to send you so follow me damnit! ;-)
definitely. They'd have to let him in.
Love this jam
thanks for my invite....#dick :)
"The great use of life is to spend it on something that will outlast it."
my Rookie of the Year!!
5 Reasons I'm still single: ✔ Liam Payne. ✔ Louis Tomlinson. ✔ Harry Styles. ✔ Niall Horan. ✔ Zayn Malik.
No, but I could possibly arrive Friday and leave Sunday, just to meet some folks.
damn you just sang my fav part☺
Only think I don't like about being single is feeling lonley.
can I get a retweet from the hottest model on twitter?
Yeahh! Next Year I'm Gonna Be Voting 35657867645657887907 Times For You!!!!!!!!!(:
#online and
If you're going to spend $175 printing the flyers I recommend that extra $75+ to get something designed worth printing.
Steve Blake should be the guy who holds the Dixie cup and says, "If you have spew, spew into this."
This dude did not just say hes valid like salad lmfao!! Omg haha
SENIORS receive add'l 25% discount off entire thrift shop purchase Thursday, May 3, from 10-3 pm - must be at least 65-yrs young!
This is for my nieces HAPPY BDAY JUSTIN! They are MAJOR FANS #neversaynever retweet 4 them please
and Geoff probably wouldn't be too happy if I went around bragging again that We're 81-54 and Baltimore is 53-79 :P
Monica - Angel Of Mine
RT : I can say that no matter the outcome, I'm proud of the Pens. Don't think I can say the same for the refs or Flyers.
Cool. My mom still isn't letting me drive. Why is she being tht bxtch?¿
ok call me tomorrow night
Doing some research on website designs using CSS and Joomla! A lot of new things to learn...
AP todays my 24th bday can the biggest Viking fan get a RT?
Probably true. I find organizing circles to be a blast! Best segmentation tool on any social network.
Like “Chunk Light Tuna” In A Blender Set To Puree …So Are The “Days Of Our Lives.”
I think I might make Bag next on my reading docket. I just love it. It's been a fabulous reading year so far.
I think I might call it a night
Congratulations. Great people in the NICU, but a stressful environment. Enjoy having Giana home!
u jacking
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
#osamabinladen We are researching here to figure out why buried at sea? speculates it was to keep from him getting exhumed
he averaged less than 4 ppg for his career and 12 mpg at UofL? Who by your standard isn't a "star"?
Just checking! Haha then that's my suggestion for a story.
I just washed my hands with dead sea salt! They feel so smooth!
World press freedom day today. How do you plan to celebrate?
S/O 2 MY MOST RECENT FOLLOWERS!! THANK YOU! U GUYS ROCK
Back from Mexico!
You're retarded. Dragonscale is light armor anyways, so they're two different classes.
NBA IS BACK!
Glad to have you stop by!
thanks for the #follow!
You'd think there would be no way a deal between the Broncos and a former Colt could result in the #49ers screwing themselves. And yet...
“The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.” - Rollo May
L IS A L...SOUND LIKE A BUNCH OF HATERS YEA WE GOT BEAT BY 30 BUT YALL SUPPOSE TO BE THE "DREAM TEAM" THOUGH RIGHT....SERIES OVER
sounded awesome on #SNL :)
Omg, are you at LOEX? I'm so jealous! Was just following the loex tag and saw you here!
4 more songs to do THANK YOU LORD!
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Amazing! Client down 43 pounds in just 9 weeks! Way to make the choices to support your goals!!!!
you can do it!!! Too close to fail now! Nice job! 👍
Happy New Year to you and Mr. Z!!!
Go on, hide behind the tweet screen. That's what the angry do nowadays. Peace :)
I know!! We are going to talk about the issues it raises, focusing on surveillance and technology. You can start us off.
Oh, I like. Obviously, applies to me as well. Would've been nice.
do you have a lot of people calling you garden supplies?? Must be a fetish
Aye brah can I get a shoutout
We are constantly invited to be who we are. -Henry David Thoreau
Rest In Peace
Lawson has a bright future in the League though.
Come on Vandy! Don't let me down!!
Got a little trivia going on over on Twitter... want in? Follow us!
my mom is molding you in her image.
How old are you and the sister
have now scored more goals in the first 6 minutes than STL goalie Elliot usually allows in a full game! #GoAvsGo!
stop airing political adverts. Quite possibly the most deceitful messaging I have ever heard.
Making the best of the "My First Rails Project" which I've just inherited.
Conservatory students: we've now designated the MNL Ground Floor areas as priority use for those using the Music/Media Collections.
Mr. Do you have any advice on hiring web programmers/designers that won't steal my idea?!?!
yay!!! Thank you!
when dean became a wimp, his sensitive side was pretty sexy <3
Hey , thanks for the 4 free songs from :)
Happy Tuesday!! ;)
where are you going>?
I haven't been able to turn my 4g on all day, and my 3g is so slow. WHAT IS THIS TORTURE
I've put off my essay long enough...time to get started...tomorrow ;)
We really want another brunch place...Skillet is always so busy! Neighbor Lady is probably not going to be family friendly.
Nick Delpopolo will be participating! See the top competitors from the USA go head to head w/powerhouse teams from Canada, France & Germany
#Wisconsin does like its politics clean and smart. After we #recallwalker his pandering cronies will be able to go to target practice/golf.
Who wants to the golf range with me?
thank you for the RT!
haha I hope it is
that sounds bloody brilliant? YouTube evidence?
No one can take away what they haven't given you.
#WhatPelosiKnowsAboutGingrich He is actually "Xenu," dictator of the "Galactic Confederacy"
holiday season 2009 coupon coming shortly. we don't do many specials as we are already 30% cheaper than most of our competition!
nice (~);} Y did you think of me? Is my halo missing again?
Follow me and find out more about my book
End of Day 4 in the Sony Service Watch and still no call to schedule a service call. We'll see what day % in-store tomorrow. Just Terrible
oh how I miss those boyzz
I have to give props to Del Park's poker room....
come back to the question! damn Barack, you blew it! you didn't come back to the question!
missed you today!
Annual checkup done!! No blood tests!!! Yay!!!
Can't wait to see our wedding singer on tonight! Be sure to watch
needs to focus on getting the laws changed in FL if they defend those that kill other people in claim self defense.
To all christians all over the world. We must embrace of salvation with enthusiasm and excitement everyday to win to lost souls.
All is well my brother..just staying focused. What's good w/you?
If I hear somebody else blame lack of promotion/relegation for our Olympic failure, I will throw up in my mouth.
Aromatherapy from watering my Oakland garden: pineapple sage, roses, Meyer lemon, oranges, and more I don't have names for. Ah time & space.
That #Caymus will go good with a filet. Enjoy gentlemen!
No one really knows about her?? I guess no one in the kid's 5th grade class...
Sunday drive with Miles Davis on the stereo.
just trying to find out about what's been happening while I was gone(: what about you?
back in the saddle.
We have a real old fashiony turntable set up in the shop. Right now playing The Beatles: Revolver, on vinyl.
got it will get back to ya in a bit
So somebody hacked my fucking Facebook and changed my fucking password, thats cool...
Country music is a beautiful thing
Full house at Ashland Coffee & Tea for the Boxcars--great Bluegrass music.
“: The average winery vineyard holding in BC is 29 acres #BCWine #BC” Interesting. I'm curious to know the ave price / acre.
Hi Denae! Doing well 2day! Had a rough Mother's Day...first 1 since my mother passed. But...feel her presense near :) U?
The more research I do.. the more I realize how valuable a personal blog is for selling yourself
great choice! we know you'll love it. RT: bought a piece of yours on excited to get it!
Ah! Where are you off to for three months? Exciting travels, I presume.
you would like the softest team in the NHL
#LilMan ok I'm actaully workn in a software program that measure room for sound quality lol!
10,000 words, 2 finals, and one sculpture until I get to read the Hunger Games!!! Oh and graduate
crazy cold outside if u dont have to leave stay home warm in your bed :)
I can't wait to say...hey hey hey Daddy
Today was the last day of spring break. I don't want to go to bed because that means break is over.
HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certification VERIFIES that all Coaches & Players can IDENTIFY & AVOID bio-mechanics that lead to CROWN impact
Ogden Nash~ I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. Perhaps unless the billboards fall Ill never see a tree at all.
Lumpy says "r-ow" in return.
your song titles are some of my favorite things ever.
My girlfriend is at a party and I'm on tumblr...... I need a fucking car .-.
I'm pretty sure that if I put up my vision board in my office I would most probably resign by the end of the week, lol. Food for thought...
I've read SWAN SONG. Loved it. Don't know if I'd say more than THE STAND, but definitely on par at least.
Rt You might be a jerk if...you openly walk around the office asking people to join the football pool & ignore all the girls
Ballin's not a hobby, it's my occupation
I love this!!! So true...
hell yeah I just didn't wanna take that shit at tech.
who should have worn at the #Grammys? Barbara, Mick, Gwen . . . basically everyone who wasn't wearing a leather jacket
If I were to pick a secondary word, it'd be painful.
I'm having the same thoughts. RT : Nice read. Just told my wife today no football for our son.
#Novak can't miss
Dj Paul X will be dropping the needle @ 9pm at Tequila Shots so come on by and enjoy the best best with the best drinks
hopespin is working on gettin her permitt next month yall! so excited.
presenting at the #NACC conference today - discussing the need for increased presence and visibility of women in peace-building NGOs
Spray tan seshes are a blast! One minute you’re pasty-pale and the next minute you’re a bronze goddess!
thanks so much for being a customer! enjoy and have a GREAT day!
You send it in email?
I didn't even need nearly 140 either! Thanks! :)
You'll have to translate that box for me,
your right it probably wont. ICE AND ICY HOT AND ICE AND ICY HOT. thats all i have to say love bug
I'm backing Tucci up on this one! It's true
would love to great what you hear re: social and HR. I think we're "lagging adopters"
LOL okay :-) I had to stop using mine until I have a dishwasher. Needs a non-detergent run & don't want to take it to my parents
RT Kids are so irrational and illogical. I just want to punch them. Have an adult brain, loser.
This dog wants to go outside. Too dam early and too dam cold...
i like your version, too!
wouldnt mind seeing hunger games ;)
Wow. Weird, weird dreams. Told a childhood crush I crushed on him, stole cookies from a woman who lived in a train car (it had wooden slats)
- This was one of your best blog posts, Josh. Let's go kick some ass in 2012. I'm fired up.
Well that was definitely an hour of my life that was wasted.
it was so bad. Ah atleast she's trying Lol
its not that bad lol
#dmac2010 non-coffee drinkers: electric kettle in the dmp for hot chocolate (byo), tea (in dmp), or anything else you do with hot water.
Dinner at Alterra: $30. Fiddler on the Roof tickets: $40. Spending the evening with Miss Reckzin, Frank Abignale Jr. Style: priceless.
RT : Thanks to for setting us up for the draft ! Had a great time and really appreciate it. GO COLTS!
There's no movin' on, cause I know you're the one.<3
Secondhand Serenade - Fall For You is trending lol this doesn't make any sense but ok yes good song<3
Tip 1: Use the 9 iron
"Twitter will always be a wire service of sorts" -- at #OPrint panel.
Well after all that anticipation. I am going to go and get some goodies for a personal celebration. Congrats SAG-AFTRA.
HEADS ARE GONNA ROLL Y'ALL!
Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Me !! I Will Follow Back
Thanks so much for coming out yesterday to the #sustainablefeast! You guys were great! I'll be into visit soon.
A confident person doesn’t tell you that they’re confident (i.e. they don’t say “I’m confident!”). Instead they show you.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
Getty this week?? herb ritts awaits
Patron asked me if I wanted to become a librarian once I finished high school. I guess my braces confused her. lol.
And I'm not even moving 2 miles...good luck getting to a completely different part of the country!
my sisters are still laughing at justins tweet to mariah, they're 20 and 21...
I might go the 29th...still thinking about it but I really want VIP so..
RT : you did not disappoint, we'll be back again for sure. you're 'black magic' cocktail, especially delish.
I <3 Wizkhalifa but he's entirely TOO SKINNY haha Amber Rose tripped out on that
#ItsNotARealRelationshipUntil you leave some clothes and/or a tooth brush at each others house. Yall know what I'm talkin 'bout!
How's about you make me?!
JUSTICE WILL BE MADE. R.I.P TRAYVON .. BUT EVERYONE NEEDS TO NOT GET IGNORANT CUS SHIT COULD LEAD TO WAR AND EXTRA SUCH AND SUCH
The whole episode left much to be desired...
yea hehehe:) so what r u gonna do for valentines day???
Haven't watched "Only Angels Have Wings" in years. Thx for reminding me!
Obamacare "the one bill that brought me into the race"
listening to audio about scaling your business by outsourcing. great stuff!!
There's one cry from green Rachel! We only need two more in the final hour to reach the over.
Good news to get me through working this summer!
Uggghhhh wish you just lived here still.
best place to go in New Orleans ?
Hey wassup everyone, Heading out to Spin & Hydrate in Boystown and would love to see you there.
give me back my phone, or you'll never see your computer again.
Pretty. And pretty creepy at the same time. Make sure there are no congressmen lurking about...
yes it is bad
I didnt do it. So asshole is doing it.
ah, can't wait to hear what it is!
RT: New post, "Clearwire Enters the Gateway to the West Bringing CLEAR 4G to St. Louis – MarketWatch (press release)" -...
I considered that. Something about the way it looks on the page stops me. Alec Freemont. I think he's an Alex.
Chicago sold out!
Rivera's been great in the postseason..but it's not talked about enough how he blew Game 7 of 2001 World Series..kind of big...
The difference between a successful person & others is not a lack of strength or lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will
absolutely! This extra-judicial war on wikileaks is a worrisome development.
the premiere was Monday!
you gotta have Faith
real good actually man. Well, not as good as your Indians!
join us March 5 for our Reno bus trip. There will be drinks, food, and plenty of fun! Above all, your $$$ benefits our program. Stay tuned!
Fa 12 hours trying to make it home
Reminiscent of the 60's is it too late?
Let's please make this happen. I have at least 3 books to get thru. It'll go way faster w/fun people & truck food.
When people look at me and say i'm weird No No your just square and don't know how to live!
...need to restock my fruits and veggies to make smoothies
Listening to Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist while driving...95 is such a boring highway.
Maira is a dear friend of mine. I recently told her you two need to talk. Ping her. :-)
going to sleep and praying will make a full and quick recovery
Our name is big :) ...but our footprint is small. Proud to be a small business on Small Business Saturday.
yes!! it's so god!
Already put my Christmas Tree up :)
TEDxDU is kicking off! Follow the action
(c) the last year of my life. Love you all<3
Smoking cigarettes is gross.
I know, right?
of course we are hopefully sometime this week
Just saw a transcendent #TinyDeskConcert w/ It's like there's no sound he can't coax out of that incredible violin.
If TuPac and Biggy were still alive would Lil Wayne still be considered a rapper?
RT : RT : Thank you and bless you, Amy Goodman. ()
I have a bunch of tests too. Oh well, if they help me get good grades, I'm all for them :)
yayyyyyyy 💓 let me see if these people are going forsure.
presentation went very well. Good Q & A after, and lots of good discussion
You can and WILL! And I'll be here to help you! :D <333
wow that's a bit doughnut
When the head aches, all the body is the worse. ~English Proverb
channeling our early conversation to reach Zen - we must do that more often :)
more missions to come
You really think I have it done?
Make sure you are dealing with a contractor you can trust. At Mr.D's we provide you with Referrals and a solid reputation Con Lic
My annie trippn , bitch give me them dam keys
shut up! I'm mad at you because you couldn't drop Jessica off.. and you were going out anyways. Suck it.
I.had to log off Facebook it was getting distracting
It's been April for three days and I'm already at my NYT article quota for the month!
you are muy annoying
- Idea for album - Keith Olbermann's greatest rants =Platinum
can a buddy get a follow? <3 Brock
I Am Not The Kind Of Girl Who Should Be Rudely Barging In On A White Veil Occasion...
Thanks for the shout out!
i dont get how the laser makes the noise v #confused at the moment
totally missed it the first time lol. Clever.
love your style!
Lol got nothing to say? Aww that's too bad cause you liked to work that mouth before I called you on bull
I need to get a poster board for spanish
I'm imagining vials of insulin and test strip containers floating in on silver parachutes.
Aw bitch stfu !!!!
Listening to on right now.... :) He makes me happy!!!
yo Skip Stephrn A will Be the DJ wearing a Tebow Jersey singinng the Remix All he does is win!He's a baller shot caller!lol
I'm down(;
Make sure to check out one hot #MilwaukeeDJ tear it up at tonight at 10pm - Madonna MDNA album release party!!!
pretty active! 2 yeast packs look nice.
I can't sleep... dammit
$10 buckets and free pool today!
totally just failed at tweeting you so i'll try again... OMG DID YOU REALLY JUST WATCH NEW GIRL?! Glee was amazing, btw.
No Hands by Rocka Flocka Flame
": His smile. His eyes. His lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces." <3
Actually... not Thursday... that's taken. :)
OMG I'M WATCHING IT TOO! I'M ABOUT TO SHIT MY PANTS LAUGHING, AHAHA.
nice job, Skippy!
How u finna be mad at me ? Smh
Booked for a Cinco De Mayo party. That is going to be interesting.
Oak black hole is scary lol
“ “: Bout to scoop up some condoms from 7-11” ctfu”<=instant stds
Soon lovey. Miss you! We must talk soon!
Karoubi FB objected widespread arrests & asked 4 the immediate release of all detainees, and reparation of their reputation
I'll take what you guys dont want LOL!! Donations Please! aha : )
I'm going dollar bowling tonight at 9. Hit me up if you wanna join
christianmiller: slowly working through the pile of tasks built up last week while at #sla2010. summer semester seems like it is already ...
"Before hiring Delmark, I had asked two other companies to give me quotes. I would recommend Delmark to anyone looking for electricians"
I need Hulu! AND an Ipad. And New Girl. And to redo my pony tail.
I got a lot of loot an I ain't lookin for a lady u can never play me I'm from uptown baby
And I want to get tatted for my bday!
nice, our captain played @ Wall. Tom McDonough
can you get me some more followers please ? (: <33
Do not ignore importance of continually training your people regardless of field, industry or professional. Reducing training costs more.
My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks
I've tried, it won't let me :D
Not Believein Nobody Today, Don't Lie Ta Me .
There's always somebody that's watching your girl that feels he can do better
Hey ! If you love SOCIAL NETWORKING like FACEBOOK and TWITTER try Mr. Info's Social Network at mrinfoguide.socialgo.com
So hard to get noticed by these days... It's because of all the mahomies!
It certainly had a unique odour. They could bottle & sell it in the college shop as 'Eau de UCL.'
I'm assuming they are for rent right? My landlord is giving me the option to move out in a month or two...
Dick Clark is gone??? I really can't imagine the 1800's without him!
It's only natural for me ....
Just watched Fringe on Hulu Plus.
You should have gotten the big one, lol.
Thank you new followers,,,,,, !
I just discovered the solution to the health care issue. Bring back Arrested Development. Ive always been told laughter is the best medicine
Making plans for #saa10 - excited to see all my archivist peeps!
we need to get your picture set on here.
Thanks to everyone came out to the SFTA event last night! A special thank you to Peak 10 who put on a fabulous panel discussion and FPL Fib…
Damn, fast big band 2nite. Soloist after soloist, but the rhythm section keeps chuggin'. Drag is that I'd like 2 do tons, but... time flies
Thank you nielsen for the two bux. I spent it on beer, and no... I won't send you your quiz or whatever this thing is.
u is an ass haha. And I'm alive and kickin woohoo
Honestly, I'm jealous as hell. We've got Ellie Goulding.. But that's about it. :P
happy wednesday eve and friends
It's funny how yo' "homie" that you kick it with everyday, is the same one doggin' you behind your back . Practice what you preach "bruh" .
Who wants to bring me a pack of cigs to my work? Might go postal without em
Basic generalized sports comment that everyone has already said
Fuck what y'all think.
Hahahaha! Oh man I just seriously laughed out loud!
I GOT THE CRAZY HICCUPS!!!
not with louisville. It will get worked out. A Kentucky vs Indiana challenge would be cool. Purdue IU, Butler v UK UofL and Murray
I'm in Cabo!
I feel like taking 2 pieces of bread & making them chomp together & talk. Then, I will put a smiley face on it! mhm, brilliant.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book. - Northrop Frye
the COLTS man
Well, to be fair, that's the imposter Sin Cara. So there is still a chance that the real one will.
#AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect and to be loved, but in return she must treat the guy the same way.
thanks buddy!
#Fortune500 Searching for PLANT MANAGER candidates in Illinois contact
i have Sat school tomrrow
You can do it! Chop its balls off!
Horseback for sure!
it's understandable how hard it is for Joakim Noah to act like a human being, considering he looks so much like a monkey
If you may build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
oh ok, what year were they on?
Lunch patio open busy day. Summer smells creeping through the air love Milwaukee
RT : How was being super hillarious in world history! omg lol
Thanks for the props!
Remembering (not fondly) a partisan democrat I heard say: "The problem is that we're not partisan enough. If you're a dem, be a dem."
Looking back on my facebook timeline I realize how much I have grown.
Okay. Thanks for letting me know. I haven't made the switch yet...I probably should...
So many books and not nearly enough holiday!
So I figured I'm giving twitter a shot. and so far I get nothing out of it. what am i doing wrong?
Hey! We R at #SoCo2010 too. Would love to meet you. is working our booth. Stop by 2 chat. Have FUN!
Flora Edwards~ In helping others we shall help ourselves for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
Follow me that's right.....you never know where i may lead you lol
RT As the #1 Jagr fan in Pittsburgh since 1990, it would be awesome if followed me.
#AskBieber In 20 years, what are some accomplishments you want to have?
made it home to tennessee from california in time to join the family in the basement for the tornado warning!
Greinke on-deck.
thunderstorm in #Minneapolis right now yes
of course! Thanks for the opportunity and the $80 in credit. Looking forward to digging in.
He'll follow you one day. isn't much of a fan follower.
S/O and lotz a luv
2xIPA now on draft.
RT : #FutureOfTV game changer: 500m connected TVs will be delivered by 2015 – blurring the lines between TV and the Web.
we know it's true love cuz he bought me a bowl...lmao
ready to get down and only been standing for 1 hour and 10 minutes
+eleventybillion RT : I guess you could say Joe Ricketts's chickens have come hoome to roost
they have a nandos in DC... Wanna go before your gig on Friday? :)
Was really hoping to not have to worry about Champions League qualifying after today, so much for that.
In with the new, out with old. Check out my new site: www.calixtrostudios.com
Hey, leave alone. You NEVER leave #j202!
awesome thank you so much! Hope your friends dig it too :)
eep RT : MT : "it's on a hard drive, in a vault, and we're crossing our fingers" not preservation for born-dig materials
The Lord is good to those who hope in him, to those who seek him. It is good to wait quietly for the Lord to serve. Lamentations 3:25-26
just turned on ... Is Z Bo hurt?
I bet you have a happy wife right now.
#Icant wit these dry nappy hair cuts
i gotcha pimp gotcha by tomorrow
Existenz in my pants!
I will agree that
Gym flow motivation--Remember When
Thought I could do it...but it's not gonna happen.
the only reason u have a twitter is to keep an eye on me. I have one wish in life...to be happy.
Volunteers needed to sit at Nola Jitterbugs info table @ Cornet Chop Suey Stage Sat/Sun! Email me at:
Hopefully it's there. Great way to follow your team without spending big$ or switching to Direct TV. Fun to follow for FFL too.
hey sweet tea we don't care,we'll continue to annoy you anyway.
dr.who...the original
Listen here mister....
#np Reflection Eternal - Talib Kweli and DJ Hi-Tek. Not cause we're closed, but because it's damn good.
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big - but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Thank you participants! The correct answer was F.C. Kerbeck! Winners will be notified. We will meet you back next week for more
It's a beautiful day. We are camping at Harrison Bay for the week. I hope it doesn't rain for a while.
Im going to bed yall have a great nite
#BlackPeopleGoogleSearches How do I unlock this Iphone I just stole
alight, when I get out f work at 2;p
Not even on YouTube?
Let the fun begin!
Are you in need of food for volunteers? We would be happy to bring by some pizzas.
Despite the inaccuracies, you're both in the "top 30 to follow" and both trending up. :)
#1111 Icon:1000 Ur sopretty and It's fun tweeting u and I know Austin is gonna follow u nd ur cool but we don't talk much but it can change
hm maybe playing with your car or some games will do the trick to get your mind off things! /hug
Good Monday morning to our fans! Are you finding beautiful things that inspire you today?
There's no need for revenge. Those who hurt you will eventually screw themselves up. And if you're lucky, God will let you watch.
So BET gets them LUV and Mid of Nowhere after theatrical run?
yeaa mugs just really get cut off
#congrats on a great #HOF career! Hope to see u playing next year
Mfs just got pulled over .... I swear to God I hate the police
Oh sweet mother of Jesus.
Today I learned about PBCore, a standard for audio/visual metadata. I WANT TO PLAY WITH IT.
Geography snob!
Like a damsel in distress....
I'm just laying out in my front yard and an unknown neighborhood cat comes and lays next to me. Meow.
Capturing and sorting footage, then I'm having the rest of the day off!!
Thanks! it was quite production
Gess what my phone backround is and win a shoutout and a follow:)
I Just got my internet back! Thank god! I missed my friends on here and my friends back in New york! I wanna go back! :'(
its so sad, you need to watch it
Nothin In This World I Would'nt Do For You..
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Sat, May 12 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
Heading out... sunset dinner in Coronado! Have a GREAT weekend!
... have you all read 's tweets lately? ...
"it was on this great day 100 years ago that the hand job was invented! This masturbation technique..." mom hit pause.
hi alex, today is my birthday my name is yanet reynoso, love you! Thanks
Thanks! Glad you like the prize!
Let's eat!
Thanks For Liking Our Vid! :)
hey kelly I'm hungry too
haha I blocked a chick because of the 1st one last night...sad part is she is older
looking for a CREDIT ANALYST candidate in Sarasota $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
while being frustrated, help double efforts to preclude it from happening again
anything monster can eat or drink to become 'human' .. such as 'i'm not human until i have my coffee'
love love that color !
haha ohh that's no bueno :/ I am good I leave Tuesday so I am gettin anxious!
I see that all the damn time
ok. Hook done. Verse done. U wanna put one of ya folks on the track or do u want two?
I know I'm biased, but the bikini bootcamp is still my favorite workout.. just did it with a smile :)
I see a Cosby Show marathon in my weekend future #clairvoyanttweet :-D
How's your neck and back? : (
Happy Earth Day!
I just considered getting a life coach, but I should probably get a life first.
Even I am not heartless enuff not to acknowledge this tweet! That's whats up fam! Miss you too!
I Am An
And another work week begins, I forgot the part of working FT where the weekend never lasts as long ;)
From what it sounds, Taj is likely 2 play tomorrow which is a good thing
Honestly I have like some of the best cousins
aww thx that was my uncles name but he passed away
21 jump street was so funny (:
not a good day at Ohio State, being a Michigan fan I am saddened and always want to beat the best
Support 3rd annual Final Friday Fundraiser this Friday 4/29 at 1150 Vine St from 6-9 PM! Enjoy good music, food, & drinks!
Thanks for the follow - glad we connected. Happy Easter!
Its almost always about
When I'm feeling blue, of COURSE I think of WITHOUT HIS SHIRT.
Happy Trivia Tuesday! Of the 92 natural elements in the earth’s crust, what does Gold rank in rarity (what #)? No Googling!
...as chicken-hearts bemoan crisis -- historic victories have been made over poverty :)
New this year, Compact 4wd Tractor Pull!
Beautiful Hotel and very friendly helpful staff.
Great show! Kyt :j
like 1- I don't even know who your talking about lmao and 2- I can't believe you just wrote that lmaooo !
Good MORNING WORLD! Time for me to catch up on national headlines!!! ♥ What are you doing today???!!
i KNOW someones gunna get me soon.. i can FEEL it
The rationale is based on balance, but in practice, it's about increasing tough choices that don't serve users well.
One second I'm fine then the next I look up and start crying, thats never happened before. Everything just hit me.
Hey bro
No Meetup Thursday. Crew is in NY for Pitch.
any UX training suggestions?
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. Aristotle
Tomorrow at 7pm Baltolug meeting. Topic: what do you look for in a Linux distribution?
It's all your dreams that never came true cause you're too damn scared too try.
And creepily enough... it was May 6th, 1997.... 15 years ago to the day
Hi Jason, Thanks for the follow :-)
The Element has had many looks thru-out the years
Without the need to literally run back and forth to school anymore, I have joined a gym in which I can do my running. （＾ｰ^)ノ
going to see in concert with Colleen september 6th! i'm so excited! <3
you guys make handsome #sparklers :)
Groovy! Have fun!! Thanks for the retweet!
The bank is open on Fridays!!!!!!!
“ looks like baby simba”
I love the smell of old computers.
They pass like weather systems, so long as we don’t attempt to control them. Ten
this assembly gets me out of Math...yes
You need to climb a mountain.....I'm just saying.
Sitting here with a stinger in one hand, The Gentleman's Companion Vol. 2 (Being an Exotic Drinking Book) in the other. Life's good.
hahaha! Put your elbows away!(:
morning my favorite spicy latina
And that was 's #FF mad libs edition. Join us tomorrow with your bike!
no :( but there was a bunch of yankees drinking beer and they were drunk after like two cups lol
Alright we will!
Tonight It's Live writing staff currently in peace talks with booze.
Listened to that interview refreshed my work ethic. Now back to the lab to create more tall tales for your reading pleasure!
Still time to get this delicious deal 4 Piecoras NY Pizza! $10 for $20 worth of pizza! Pepperoni and olives anyone? htp://bit.ly/SeattleDeal
Always Messing The Mood Up
hope you have a good day
I didn't know she reply back !
YES! “: coming back to the Untied States of America!!! Look for it now showing on The Weather Channel!”
Awww it's okay...I'll be making another trip down there soon!
The high school league is played in Newtown Square. The next session starts in June. What school do you goto?
sorry can't help maself ya just such an eyecandy ;)
Why is Microsoft so terrible at so many things.
thanks for the recommendations dudes, checked out Kassab's... it was killer!
About to cook somethin to eat.
thank you so much, I was waiting on hearing back.
#Clippers Vs
hopefully making some new music for us <33 :)
Pink haired guys that you yelled jkiehjuijeuih to XD
WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org check it out! Sign up for our newsletter
The Giants will get to meet Obama at the White House, while the Patriots will get to meet Newt Gingrich at the Waffle House
I think my two biggest girl crushes are Scarlett Johansen and Carrie Underwood
List also included & RT : Congrats to peeps who helped City be a "Social Media Star"
The awk moment when fran has a bf and thinks shes gonna marry amanda's sexy ass brother...
I'll switch you places, girl. Not having to buy groceries & manage finances would be great right now. Enjoy it while it lasts.
Of course - and I knew that! What can I say - foiled by a typo.
Have your Frosted Plastic Business Cards in NYC printed with a full color process at an undeniably easy price! Perfect for business...
Filming a Video this week wit for "Benjamin Anthem" ! Need some of yall to come out!
Just bought $CLWR
going to kansas*
Just hit the 70 page mark of the thesis. Geez oh man, this baby is going to leave hella stretch marks.
Been using for 6 years...love it. Whole biz runs through it. Raising $200k now to build healthcare app on force.
Q: What happens if you cross a midget and a computer?A: You get a short circut.
RAA's "Illuminate", installation exhibition will premier Saturday the 10th at the Jazz Gallery! Also up for Gallery Night and Day!
Playing tonight in NYC @ Sullivan Hall featuring the Wild Magnolias and Houseman!!! Honey Island Swamp Band opens at 9pm.
Prosody Live tonight at Ice Bar...
Yup, got my kids working in the warehouse too!
To anyone who cares, Jan. 1 will be my 39th birthday. And no, I wasn't the new year's baby for 1970. I came in 3rd in Milwaukee County.
Food for thought. RT New musicians: "Not getting paid isn't the enemy. Anonymity is the enemy" -David Herlihy
yes.. Bullpen can't seem to get the job done these days.. Vargas did well.
Good flick RT : Hubby has just switched channel to a movie called Diggstown. It's chilly in the house right now.
send the survey link...sorry we missed your original tag.
Ask him about when he said he's a better writer than Cormac McCarthy.
Just finished season two of The Walking Dead. Really, really good thus far.
Say again
I hope the latest post presages an announcement re. the much awaited (and lusted after) iOS app. Seriously.
Alyssas yellin at Phil for something he didnt say.... Im so mad.
Congrats pretty lady!
wanna jump in my car, go wherever you are cause I need you by my side
haha not sure the next time we play since we played recently here
Sorry for the delayed response -- we have a free orientation on Wednesday Nov 9th from Noon - 1 pm. Or call 246-6900.
can i get a ff for a 25 yr vikes fan here in tn, screw the Titans lol. I stay true
Thought it was a pretty good welcome back episode. Just enough movement in the story to get ya back in to it
thanks for sharing the event and court theatre!
I had the greatest time comparing you to with !
motorcycles!!! <3 going for a ride.
EXCUSE ME DOUGIE... I'M JUST THE MESSENGER... ;-0
RT : Congratulations to liberals; you've become as awful as 1950's conservatives when it comes to policing the language. What...
I just tried Aussie shampoo.
Wow. 's feed, full of RT's from Wikipedia malcontents, is killing me! Amazing how many ask WHY? when the blackout page SAYS why.
I'm wearing sunglasses tomorrow cus I miss wearing sunglasses.lol
Good morning everyone(:
Garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage.
have you heard it you might not like it:)
I love when I cannot log into Twitter. Hopefully the problem is fixed!
Don't forget to follow the Sociology of Emotions Section of the ASA - Good stuff, I promise
It's not that I want to be serious. I would just like to be taken seriously.
Last final at 1
Thank U 4 the prayers-we r constantly praying @ this end & those prayers include u & all the friends I have made on Twitter. :-)
Yu wayy to sexy to ever be shy!!
Bronsonarroyo's place
I LOVE Hayley Williams!!! 💜❤ Like you guys don't even understand how much! I would prob die if I met her! Seriously..
when you coming back to Chicago?!
Q: How do evangelicals react to politicians who wear that religion on their sleeve?
Thanks for the rec Aaron! RT : Go to Paesanos RT : Best places in Sac's midtown for a casual dinner?
Thats a wee bit of an overstatement
Yes! Even after our landlord put another layer of soundproofing between our shared bedroom wall.
Tomorrow is back to my even more hectic schedule. Work, rehearsal, practice, and the gym.
I never knew that dreams could come true
The new servers are using Firefox 10 and Flash 11, which should be more compatible with more websites.
I cannot express how much I support
Why do people not understand the Revolutionary War was really a civil war?
Hey...I'm not the best at Twitter, so I missed these posts. Sorry about that and thanks for the support!
ok I hope so!
Eddie Murphy Delirious a close second
of our white castles we imported from Kentucky and drank all of our beverages!
First time trying Persian food!!
attack on pearl harbor
Happy Anniversary to The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall aka William & Catherine aka Wills & Kate
I just found out I'm in the very last middle seat in the back of the plane next to the toilet. I'm about to go all up in here.
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day ladies.
thank you so much!
Follow me Bailey please please please! 🙏 I love you &im a big #RNGeezies (:
Messing around with Qik still!
you know i'm right, and shut it joseph.
...and now Meatloaf. Glee is tugging at the heart strings of my childhood
Would love to see another stalker walk out on #Lakers court and yell "Where's Luke Walton?"
"Everytime I hear the term "Torn ACL", I get hungry"-Hannibal Lecter
rock and rock and roll radio let's go!!!
u got 2 repost camel toe thursday on here my dude
dem party of wis taking action to recall of republican senators.their careers in the balance yet they will take a knife for walker
And oh the way your make up stains my pillow case It's like I'll never be the same oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Congratulations Giants! Hell of a
It's go time! Party people Peoria it is Tonight!!
I have seen way too many "bronies" at #PAX east 2012
Hi, Donald - thanks for the tweet! All is well...hope you are too. Happy Friday....YAY!
LOL did you just punch the little guy in the chin?!
Time to bust out the best crew shirt.
The padaass is king of all things. The pada-ass and the acklesface. They are the gods of my idolatry.
Nandito ako wa just playing now in the radion sung by David Archuletta ..
I've been told that I look like Snow White way to much.
Kansas Gov Brownback and DOC Jones-Sontag are both ass's. Emma Sullivan is OK. Read the 2nd Admnt.
Haha I am great!!! You?
if only things were that simple
Y U NO TALK TO ME LOVE?
I get "Adam" as in Prince.
It's a activity and a dining experience. I've never been there but went to the Tasting Room once when the chef did a demo.
welcome to Twitter ma..what do ya think?
#pupuplatter wasn't as good as I remembered it 25 years ago
Lol when the pirates score 2 or more runs they are 13-5. That's laughable.
My first internal, department wide presentation on Friday :) RE: Tracking projects with #SmartSheet = Sweet!
very welcome.
No excuses, No apologies.
Me n my granddad about 2 go down town...
11 puppies? *sneeze* OMG that is amazing!
With Red Sox banning alcohol and rules about spring training now in effect, you'll see a whole new Sox attitude. Francona was an enabler
I'm fli-fli-fly, I'm flying high, aint got time to talk, just HI&BYE
Cowboys fail. Better yet, Wade Phillips fail. How in the world can this man keep his job.
wish we could, already have plans. might be around, not sure yet. Next week maybe?
...Notta Worm. Very effective when the bite is tough. Apparently never caught on, though.
looking forward to it
Rhymes too, which is always a win.
RT : WHOOT! WHOOT! Coalition of the Willing wins Best Short Film at SF Green Film Fest. Congratulations everyone!...
match.com is where I met my wonderful wife! I highly recommend it.
First Day Of School walking into class and u seeing the people and thinking " I'm screwed /: "
excuse me I'm still on my period.
btw. Hate the Cowgirls
at work, hoping for a good day today... very busy week ahead of me...
I'm trying (: Where you ben ?
Are you going to Sacramento?
beer in his hand on all three pictures,funny as hell
Hanging with and having a really good laugh!
Hey, this is almost Natetastic... :P
Creepy maintenance guy working in my office breathing awkwardly heavy and making all kinds of weird noises 😨
who's had a worse month,the vikes,giants or jets?
Right on!
Say what you like about suicide bombers, at least it's a job for life
Lolololol RT : RT : Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.<how the fuck do we kno that, c'mon now.
is now !! Dear Followers: I've slimmed down my username for ease of use in a character-constrained world.
Dear work...I'll have a hockey hangover in the morning. Please have the coffee ready. And fuck you Rangers!
Thanks, and it was great talking to you again.
I know...hate me if you must...
down, down, down
My understanding is that we don't really know how large a guy he was, but my wife and like to think he liked food too. Heh.
That's a very compassionate viewpoint. I'll work on that.
You funny
:-) I like the things that you are thankful for. I like the card. Made me smile before going to bed. :-)
Yeah Definitely!!(:
Most women dont know shit about sports so i dont even bother debating with them
Begins to pick at manuscript, pours a drinkie-poo instead.
#MW2012 I'm confused by your website. Can I register online?
#Bo7 #Alone I never understood why people think it's strange to be fine with doing things alone !
NOO ur way charming, flawless & ur sweeter than the sweetst honey on earth:)
You know who had an epically bad night? Rafael Addison. 0-for-6, 5 fouls, and a turnover in NINE minutes.
ugh creep
like really cody.. you couldn't have just gone to san diego? you have to skip over it? really?
Attending the #unitedway Public Policy briefing.
Ray: "I'm so full, I can't even drink!" Aimee: "what's wrong with you???"
Every time I explore another corner of the globe, I'm reminded not to sweat the small stuff. The little things don't matter much.
Airport #1 = Fargo... Passed security check now waiting to board my first plane of the day!
reminds me of great Bradbury short story The Veldt. Worth a read! Similar situation.
One freaking direction. <3
No photo appeared. Can you post it again? Merci.
Ate here yesterday, now just meeting a friend. Still, deeply contemplating a plate of mahi tacos. (@ Sharky's Mexican Grill - Cahuenga)
Sounds good! Hope to see you soon! RT : State Fair this weekend, but I will come in!
It's very difficult to argue with that based on the first term.
I got something for y'all this week!!!!
poor Canada, no respect. "Canada! America's hat!"
1405 words written - I only need 1000 more in 9 hours
My phones dying, I'm tired, want food and get laid.
Starters tonight foie gras special and classic onion soup. Then scallops and duck confit with truffle risotto and squash as entrees.
Wondering if Twitter will ever stop asking me what I am doing. Can I take this seriously? - Yes, took another sip of coffee. Typing faster..
Indeed! Somehow I missed "dickweet" in my high school German grammar! My day is complete, for I have learned a new thing!
Marchers south bound on naito
House of Consignment, Chi-Town!!
So, I'm about to lead the opening night Q&A with Will Reiser and Phillip Baker Hall.
good to hear from ya...keep fighting the good fight!
Blehh :/ you feeling okay?
God Bless America as we move to the next page in the story untold. www.rickeyleewatson.com Where tomorrows America is in today's Children
#oldschooldays Afros and vagina fros....you got a hair pick for that bush momma? Sollliidddd...
I love italy
#Roger Ebert's tweet about Ryan Dunn was inappropriate and wrong. But he shouldn't be censored...
yes! She's my lover
One of my kids finally noticed that I don't appear in too many family photos. Dad with camera is like the Keyser Söze of family members.
is my favorite band because...oops i will exceed my tweeting limit
hello (: I am mentioning you.
can't believe you're not going to be in town for the Fitness America contest. I'm shooting at it. Would like to have said hi
I don't know why but my dad got me into them<3
Happy Birthday ! You are my role model and inspiration! I Love You<3
Shirley Mount Hufstedler~ If you play it safe in life youve decided that you dont want to grow any more.
ive been busy, alot i never thought it was this hard to make money
thanks for the love world
Living it up in the UK together someday hopefully :) if all goes as planned :P
Wat tha hell is up wit fat girls wear short ass shorts these days
My mom and me. Spanish film. We didn't know the plot. Minutes later, on the screen: two men fornicating in the most graphic way.
Thanks, Julia! Glad to help out #DIC. :)
and like he somehow transfers godlike powers to D-Rob while he recovers
Chris Virginia Elite and Elite Showcase Basketball Classic saw the program about your career on ESPN.
Standards higher than kites.
I hate this job.
hey you
Hey Lady. I really loved your Bentonville video.
He was super nice and took time to sign and take pictures with EVERYONE.
You shouldn't call LeBron a #DelNegro, that's racist!!
right back at ya (;
That's not a boy.
blech. ...come on November, you need to cool the fuck off!
my weakest point is relationship
Goodnight everyone. When I wake up I expect to have about 100 followers! #Make it happen!
might as well cancel the show
“: Zombies: people who are eating with you and checking their mobiles all the time”
I want to get a kiss on the cheek by <3
Just saw Hunger games..One word AMAZING!(: #Hunger Games
Hope to see you today for $1.50 Mexican Beer. Draft or Bottle. Also kids eat free today!!!
Spread Ya Legs Arch Ya Back !
Awesome. Look forward/hope to meet all you!
Texting someone all day and night never gets boring when you really like them
Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in #healthcare, other places to drive #adoption,
Death ends a Life, but it does not end a relationship!
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - Buddha
Feel like today gone be a good day..... Hope so
Pool n stuff.
Great, great week for FSU. RT : Go Noles! First UNC, now Duke!
NEVER SAY NEVER.. BRAZIL SAYS NEVER SAY NEVER
I love that! RT : Padres accidentally won tonight too. MLB.TV is the greatest thing going.
revision overload
Some of these chicks today have no class what so ever...like one of my teachers said young.ladies have to set a tone that mean hve standards
RT Having lunch and talking about the value of data #deduplication and
Watching my CU Buffs on top of Okie State by 4 pts. at halftime. Or am I dreaming?
KG just got off
Is Robert Morgan going to grad bash today?
yeah but i don't get what it's showing..
great talk - looking forward to future #citizenengagement #gov20 discussions
"I love Christmas music!"
"I want to dance, I want to win, I want that trophy."
Ready for the day! Happy cinco de mayo!
not even, haha. Just a homework essay driving me crazy!
let me know if you're looking for testers!
“: Buchholz is really upping his pitch count with all these throws to first base.” Any conferences on the mound yet?
yu have a nice pair of tits :x .
Thanks for #oceangiants This is so great!!!
Welcome to the party Mike Irwin :)
your welcome :)
I told papa I was ready for church but I'm in bed tweeting.
Bust it babaababyyyy
You're welcome! :)
#NP the boy is mine glee cast
Chuckie!!!! we must hang when i return back to nyc! Hope all is well
Minneapolis friends! Hit Entry tonight to hear ... Don't pass this up.
Portland is my friend. :-)
ah. Dont listen to them they probably retarted or sum .. :D
I was in Napa for several days. Did I miss anything?
Getting out of bath, smoking, going to bed!
big show at tonight with a bunch of our favorite NYC bands ~ , and ... dig it
I hate cigarettes wit a passion but have nothing against smokers
ayee I see!
Nugent for the game winning kick!! Bengals win!
Coleman Hawking~ If you dont make mistakes you arent really trying.
so sorry for you & your family's loss.
Not to good I'm sick
go to class for a hour, come back #SportingKC has a new forward. Good luck Jacob from the James Gang
Omg lmfao dirty work Wednesday was so hilarious today
Ha ha four double plays love it
Great seeing you ! Wasn't a fantastic speaker with such valuable content?
- clever - wish I had thought of it!
It's we girls...not us girls.
Memories of local reporting - The National
Lookin better now.
I am so not ready to be awake yet.
hahah i remember target was so strict about clocks. but its on to the next one 🔥house aint ready for adizzle
I love swimming
Product simulations allow learners to get in on the action from anywhere, any time.
Poke, Poke. Too lazy to sign in to FB just to pick on ya : )
right back at ya
ew.. my brothers gonna be home soon.
-- I don't think that really matters with 7th-rounders ...
$2 meatballs subs at Subway!? I get excited about the little things.
@ 500 startups for demo day tonight
whenever u touch back down!
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
I was MIA.
says nonsense just to get a rise out of ppl. There is no way he can be that ignorant and clueless.
Not one person at the mobile MTKG event has a feature phone. I only upgraded a month ago.
When guys are too scared to ask you out.(:
"President of CEO Foot Locker ... U.S."
I'm impressed with the ingenuity of individuals who can maintain a shaved mohawk without a barber shop.
I am. It's just so...unexpected.
Woke up and found out my #Celtics won
If you live in Madison and have low water pressure or no running water, let me know where you live. #waterproblem Thanks!
Remember: life is a string of interruptions. Enjoy them.
P90zzz for sure!
CHAD GRIFFIN! :D
hm! Bookstore too expensive? Looking for #CHEEP BOOKS? HAVE NO FEAR! bookholders is here :D
Keene State softball, lacrosse teams gear up for Little East tourneys - The Keene Sentinel
Hope you pencil in sometime to hang out while you're here.
Need. More. Sleep.
no i wanna make my own money and by it myself
sarah my best friend
was one of them Grave of the Fireflies?
I spent the whole bus ride making a little origami trophy after my expected hwf victory.
freezing drizzle* and west*
I do it every year the best of both I get to hunt more and help out people that need it
You never made sense to me but that is part of why I love you.
Because it has TOEs in it!
I want to see the pictures when you do--I promise to RT them LOLOL!!
Good luck in the drawing today! If you win, we'll see you tomorrow right?
Message to world: This is America. We are rebuilding the Twin Towers better than ever-- while Bin Laden rots in hell. Don't tread on us.
Tune in to #GoodDayAustin on #myfoxaustin at 9:40 for great #fengshui tips for #2011! will be giving some great advice!
oh man! God times!
Justin sucks live....:O & in everything else.
Why would Bank of America do system upgrades in the middle of the day on the first of the month?
Oxy Mo: Numbing sensation... (kinda how I feel right now)
I just read it and thought it looked cool... I guess I was wrong.. All that information is crazy
you r so pretty....
been eating choc
What we do stays between me and you.
Funny bc can't read because he said "4:19"
My fortune cookie: "One must dare to be himself however frightening it strange that self may prove to be." pretty much sums it up! Haha
RT Great cause! Thank you for supporting so many great local orgs. >> Amen to that . And, Thanks!!
Hey I missed u at tonight, thought for sure you'd be there. #:-(
Tweet tweet tweet, Facebook Facebook Facebook
HisStory/Island Def Jam...Nice ring huh? Well Congrats to on landing a Digital Distribution deal with Def Jam!
ME!! RT : So who else is looking forward to #beerclub field trip today??
It's the gift that keeps on giving!
oh really....
Very punny. Try the veal
thx Adam, will do
#RIPSteveJobs a true American #innovator and
Lord Dunmore promised freedom if they were willing fight against the Virginia militia.
I am watching the Hazmat team pull up at the HIlton in Portland. The whole place has yellow tape around it. What's going on?
": “: my nigga” might wanna jump on the remix if you'll do it"can't wait to hear that is y'all down
just wanted to tell you that you're a bad mamajama!! Keep pushing play!
are you submitting?
thanks for the tweets. Kyle and Lucas are great Pros down at Heartland. A steal of a deal.
Hoping someone tweets from the session on interpreting slavery for public audiences
but I'll love you more.
Progressive #Democrat in Virginia? Live in the 7th District? make sure to follow , candidate for Congress!
Shout Out =
People these days are quite heartless this poor kid is obviously homeless and they go and tell the people at fat cats and get him kicked out
RT : VH1 Soul is playing all of Whitney Houston's videos now.”
I'm pretty sure no amount of rain would cause me to flake on a TNG party.
Just got word - I'm a new Bradley Childbirth Educator www.bradleybirth.com. My 2nd career!
A lot of things to do #FINALS !
haha I know :(
“: anybody tryna get a twitter cypher goin” let's do this
Was only impressed w/bynum, the rest were ok, yeah laker fans, only ok...u need more to make a run for a ring, reality check
Shep's talking Tigers. Why the struggles & an ESPN article suggests there could be long term trouble in Tiger Town. 248.848.1130, Call Shep!
My cat is preventing me from sleeping, she's sleeping on my pillow and I don't have the heart to move her.
I've looked at every single thing my DVR records. None of them are at that time, and certainly none are every single day.
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person. ~ Dave Barry
you have to try to idiot..
Hi Dina, thanks for following :) Nuclear Medicine sounds really cool! Have a great weekend.
Aww, thanks love! RT Great pics! Looked all the different looks :) xx
oh wait Gets my tweets send to her phone too ;)
Well, I'll be at Ivy again next year.
Good Morning!! :D
Happy Easter! Hope everyone enjoys time w/ their families or at least with great friends! And food! =) ..xo.
#slcwebinar Have enough diversity in your network to allow for diverse opinions.
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all. McWilliams, Peter
And yet again they blogged contrivance and disguise
Cool, let us know when your reservation is and we'll see if someone is available.
So today I'm gonna tweet random crazy thoughts like the First Lady looks hot striking the Heisman Pose with the Dallas Cowboys
Thank you Ronae! We #Love receiving and #Giving #Hope! Thank you for #ShineYourDivine with us!
Peeps, we're out at 14th and U today. Come by and say hello!
Im about to kick someones ass because seriously you dont fuck with my family like that and get away with it!
Starting to lose faith in JPMorgan
thinking of you today and sending strength
The blind man has picked up a coin. - Portuguese Proverb
Hey Sweetie, can you dm your email address and phone. I can't find it.
happy valentines day to all my favorite stoners! i hope you find love and
every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy! Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
miss ya.
cool what kind of phone is it? Im at the movies seeing the hunger games! :)
So Congrats to its been amazing watching you every week and hey you're america's favorite dancer . . YES YOU ARE! :D
Symphonic Band is really good:)
Mother nature is banging her drums HARD right outside my window!! It's a Netflix kinda night.
tear him up! show that Vandy grad whose boss (UK fan here!)
new car!
You learn so much from your grandparents, I want to go back in the day and chill with them!
THANKS DAVE SEE YA THEN
Is that real life?!
can everyone do me a huge favor??
Don’t be specific in your acting. Chances are the scripts sucks, so just go ahead and suck too.
#imagine being there to say goodbye when Harry leaves for America
way off
how have you been?
you bastard ! -____-
Intentional storytelling to teach requires a knowledge of the audience.
I want to go out with you Saturday night. I have an urge to get drunk and be bitchy to people.
A great look at how analytics give way to new insights. 2 GE Infographics Offer Hints About Future Of Data-Driven Management....
Best way to beat the heat? Be like the critters and become nocturnal. And drink plenty of water!
After midnite at the Budget Hearing - nearly 50 speakers supporting the Arts tonight!
Stop. Close your eyes. How does your heart feel right now? Hum your favorite tune.
“: This ain't no picnic bitch”
I'm dying reading your tweets
thanks for the follow on Twitter! Hope all is going well:)
Please dont make me expect. Please dont lead me on. Please dont leave me hanging. Please dont hurt me. That is all.
omg you's are babies!
Dom def asked me what channel the hannah montana movie was on. Hahaha <3
:) thanks. I teach 9,10,11 grade world I, world ii, and us history respectively.
ah man i dont want to remember a thing yesterday. what a day it was to remember though. started out bad ass till the night then things went
sounds like a date to me :)
if you haven't said or done shit i'm sorry but your in with the haters jacks bunch and I can't and don't approve of that shit.
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Oh, alright thanks. I hate social studies. Mr. Vivolo doesn't let me "socialize"
: where we had to reright are conversation
T-minus 7 days until my parents are here!
Da only sites encrypted&protected from hacks r ones associated2 simonthunder.com Others exist soley'cause they advertise Simon Thunder4free!
check out for some yummy social media consultancy. i love the imagery ;)
12/28/2010 Blogs and Purchase Decisions [CHARTS] Penn Olson Blog
Need to extend those deals! - heading to Indy?
#Believe you can and you're halfway there. ~Theodore
Skypeeeee with le best friend
Ah did great on my test!!! Gonna take Calculus 2!! :) and got uniforms today... I. Hate. Them. Hahaha a gay guys worst nightmare lol :P
we could even start a new hashtag for him:
Equator Line Records!!!! We make it hot! Eeeaasstt! Eqlrecords.com
Watching Felicity is like an Alias reunion! I love shows like that.
lol i pocket dial everyone.
Go Demons! : it's game day tweeps!! home game vs marquette at 1:30!! on espn2!! and it's our pink out game! tune in!!!
Huge portion of Liberty's revenue RT : Interesting fact: Of today's 14K Liberty U graduates, roughly 80% are online students
Not sure what makes me more nervous tonight, Martin Brodeur or Time Warner's reliability.
No tickets, just a guest list. As long as all guest are 18+, dad doesn't need to come! for q's!
I'm having a strawberry milkshake and it reminds me of the episode big time video. Tehe. :) brainfreeze sucks right about now. ;)
Finishing up packing. Phew
no not right now. I'll most likely roll out a little later on this evening
whos autograph is that because it looks just like how i sign my name
I be making love to her through you
My stress and #oomfs stress = war.
I didn't know about YouTube's ties to Illinois! I did know about your great video work.
13? That's tomorrow! What's up?
Minnesota makes it really easy to be proud to be from here
Abeg this California King bed too big o... lets switch to NY prince bed maybe it will be better jare....
That's the diff between #solar/RE FITs & corp welfare: FITs r/fair payment 4 energy while utility-scale renewables subsidize big bus
WOW! I love seeing my timeline full of Always funny & entertaining! Love ya Jun :)
Thanks to everybody who came out tonight!
I'm here for the people!
The headaches I've been getting <<
when im low, she takes me high.
hey that's good I'm good
"All a man can betray is his conscience." - Joseph Conrad
I certainly am. :-)
Peaceful Christmas, from LPMR! Personal & Professional EMR-hand held.
The Hoodie cut Underwood so that can play? I knew he was a genius!
“: This is what I'll do I'm gonna finish it today and I'll put it out a clean and a nasty version how about that?”<<<<<THIS
Glad you put this out. Interested in Alshon too.
shoot tha moon! My name is Ralph!!
oh semaj cousin.... she cool af.... go follower her.... this is my twin jamie
Um? Really? The site is down because of yesterday's earthquake? Huh? Joke?
Looking for a good fight party in the #DMV Saturday...Any suggestions.. Promoters where ya'll at? lol
Don't 'Turn Up' around me... First chance I get I'ma trip yo ass...
You're welcome :) I know you work super hard, I hope you get some rest & have some fun.
I see I also observed that it was not Ibsen's best work! Clever me.
About to cook I need to eat for I pass out
feels amazing to
how are you alive
Haters Gonna Hate Mahomies Gonna Love <3
Mashable is supposedly one of the most profitable blogs in the world o>O
My tongue hurt -__-
Mrs. White Diamonds by Elizabeth Taylor
So there's this show called Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom, attend or be banished.
So here we go. To all my Brothers and Sisters out there..Happy Turkey Day! Enjoy ur 4 days off!
I think I will work hard at being very reproductive today!
in the past 10 years billy Joel has had more billboard hits with his car than his piano
Do you have your tickets yet? They are going fast!
SWEAR my future sons will never be as disrespectful as mfs these days. does nobody's momma raise them right anymore ?! ugh
Jay Sean in the playlist 2nd time in the week
My 15-year-old is coming along today, though, so I'm a little limited. :-) But glad for her to have this opportunity!
Have a wonderful Holiday! Make sure to stay warm and have supplies at home for outages and blizzards!
HAPPY #NSD! :D
Save Your Home Anna Cuevas on with Les Brown KFWB
20 #ElkRiver hockey players interviewed as part of investigation against HS coach.
At a talk with and
"Can you stand to see her dancing in somebody elses arms? Do you think that you'll go crazy every time you see her car?"
Britney Is Back Better Than Ever
sure followed :) follow back?
Communication, Tolerance, Communication
I really need help guys. please, anyone that lives in the chicago area please tweet me.
M love pedicures!
Play blackout by breathe carolina.. Hittu from virginia :)
I was thinking if you need some chefs to cook in the kitchens of these houses (you know, for photographic reasons) I travel well
to me it's interesting what Mitt + Obama were like as kids. Does it change my vote, no. Is it insight to who they are? Yes.
have not been on n ah while but weres my friend i missed u very much
where's the pic of bradlee?
It's a lot harder to find my cat in this bigger house :/
She saw Jon Hamm while on set. For SOME REASON she didn't give him my number. Sigh.
well I did first, but idk what it would say?
my friends are now calling me bubbles...and some say that im a stalker
The sooner I go to bed the faster I can get everything off my mind
i love me some windy's frosty! yum yum!
yea what's wrong w/ the files ?
imdb stalking, I assume?
Roses are red Violets are blue Faces like yours Belong in a zoo But don't worry, I'll be there too Not in a cage, But laughing at you.
I did laundry too! I have to pick up dry cleaning tomorrow.
#TebowTime is taking his talents to New York lol Who knew Peyton would have this effect in the #NFL WOW!!!
#SMASH #SMASH #SMASH #SMASH #SMASH Ah so obsessed and excited!!!!
ahaha :) he is the best to cuddle with ! SO FRIKIN CUTE. I wann steal him from my brother xD
Don't go back to Rockville. You should never have stopped there in the first place.
Marriage. That was just way too far.
": I over gingered my kale! #dinnertragedy" too much ginger? No such thing..!!
Yeah no shit. that's why i said i was okay with it. jesus christ kid. bet you've been waiting all week for me to say something
alrighty its up there(:
Definitely Best Day Ever.
I retweeted that tweet as well!
Now I have a thermostat that is understandable (..!) I save lots of energy.
Morning Rockstars! > Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them. - Joseph Joubert
Obama stood up and supported same-sex marriage today. Suck it, Republicans.
Hanging with and in Madtown #wbagala this could be trouble!
Ewww, I have a test next period ):
Word seems to be traveling quickly that the King of Pop, Michael Jackson, is dead! I can't believe it. :(
happy friday ♥ :)
I want to run, but only far enough for you to miss me.<3
That awk moment when mr. Bruce is doing sit ups right next to you.
Why "save the best for last" when there is more best to go get & go around? There's plenty of "Best" to be had/received, so take it now.
sent that song we did
Didn't watch War Horse, The Help or Extremely Incredibly Whatever.
Al I've done this weekend is sleep. Somebody make me get up and be productive 💤💤
Skinny Fat Ass ahahahaha Lovin' it!
Imy too my love
actually now available for order! buyers have been receiving theirs before the 3/15 pub date.
stuntin is a habit RT : Why do guys think it's acceptable to spit in the street. I'm so grossed out
why u always so mean An mad all the time?
hey man can u help me with business or anyway to make money on Twitter?
Kobe's flu game > Your favorite player on performance enhancers
I was listening to them today. One of my faves. RT : Ra Ra Riot.
I miss you!!
so grateful to you & Gretchen for yr support & #solidarity! Great to see you tonight at #keldaparty (kinda weird when I use it!)
is (fine as heaven) Follow her
Feel like such an ass. It was 65 out today so didnt wear a jacket out. Now sittin in my car outside locked out bc keys were in my jacket :(
Met 800 followers finally! Thanks guys! :)
haha I'm great, how are you?
Despite the loss at home last night, I still expect the Celtics to win the 76ers series relatively easy.
probs because your too ratchet you can't even think straight!
for spam prob. good luck : check Settings, Connections, then revoke access for anything iffy & reset p'word
#internet On the internet, it's ridiculously easy to form groups for a purpose. This is the reason why if anything, the web will save us.
sounds good doc & thanx
Damage control time Rangers
Which is part of the problem - it's as though Palestinians and other subjugated groups in Israel are always spoken *for*
RT : Re: linkedin. Im on it, but its never really done much for me. Twitter seems way better!
Did you dig George Mann's vintage color film of the Three Stooges at Atlantic City? Stay tuned for more wild, unseen stars from the vaults!
Yes, you read that correctly. He really enjoyed the show. :-)
| It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is. ~Desiderius Erasmus
not much...listening to new music
Hello Yes, a fine piano can add sunshine to the darkest day!
I'm feeling like eating some KFC right now.
↩ needs someone 2text
You know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up and see all these tweets from saying he's with the boys writing songs :)
Why is Pepsi on my "Who to follow" list. Fuck Pepsi. Coca-Cola~~
We hope you visit us at The Social Space today!
Finally back on twitter. No longer terribly sick, but I still have laryngitis. I hate not being able to sing >_<
Never blame yourself for someone else's mistakes.
any cute Brewers stuff??
In dire need of an energy boost. What's your favorite pick-me-up?
Yeah...I agree for quality/consistency. But isn't having locals part of regulation to keep both sides legit?
#TwSIG Writing a good photo caption is useful skill. Twitter teaches to write in 140 characters.
Is pretty concerned that I am forgetting everything I learned in college because I'm not using it. I'm getting stupider by the day.
I'm obviously rooting for Liaison because his jockey is wearing neon pink and green polka dots
I would definitely make myself available for interview for the Howard Mittman bio.
I dont RT I guess I'm the only one on twitter that doesn't watch Mad Men.
Welcome to the Patriots, Ochocinco
4 8 year olds not going to sleep
Messed up and didn't put #SXSW on my vision board this year. Adding it now for next year!
Kobe is 14 for 56 in his career for game winners that's 22% but he's clutch right haha
every time someone gets eliminated on a reality show they say "this wont be the last time you see me" but then you never hear of them again.
Congrats and thanks to for using soundibite including "mishegoss" in this morning's report.
parents are a little over 2 hours away....
I've never seen a game like the one at MSG where the refs have completely lost control of the game someone is going to get severely injured
Today feel the freedom of moving any way your body wants to. Feel your life force inside you as you move.
Happy Children's Book Week! Celebrate by reading a book with your kids!
I'm glad Jon Stewart gave that shout-out to Colbert. Daily Show is a classic, but Colbert was fantastic this year.
Petrino out at Arkansas
The traditional "Wrap-Em-Up" tackling technique leads directly to CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle.
guys ! you shouldd go follow ! i'll lovee you forever if you doo ! ((: ♥ &she writes really good imaginess ! go!! ((:
Hyped for my show tonight at The Bubble Lounge in NYC tonight!
I miss talkin 2u on da house phone all day and night missin hme sweet home
Ditto, you were great and I can't wait to see how it looks.
'm hi' I definitely will! Saw you at the Variety Playhouse--you were beyond awesome!
thanks! :) i will! i JUST got a hater right now -.- he said it was the most pathetic thing hes seen. what an asshole.
I'm so happy lol
About time to get the basics right and create an environment for innovation, entrepreneurship and growth. Let people create the #jobs needed
Hate the bam, love the man and his food. Saving that one, thanks.
Inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late.
Don't let haters disguised as friends ruin your good thing
thank you ❤💗
Early morning paperwork run
you chose him over your puppy. OVER YOUR PUPPY. Omg.
Am I to be nervous when I walk into your church, or will your pastor be nervous for his flock?? LOL
Try dipping your chicken minis in honey for a great sweet and salty taste.
Lol Hell Ya! She Got Her Few Hits In Doe I'll Give Her Dat
Lovely weekend. Got to see lots of excellent ppl, got a good run in, and made serious progress on the garden.
Tell people to follow me.(:
Wow really I unfollowed a lot that were not following me and nothing happened to me it was at least over 500 I know that
I didn't at first but it really grew on me, now I like almost all of his stuff
So, you can let me have your heart or I can snatch it in the dark. But either way, I'm getting all of you.
it's a storm people, not the book of revelations. calm down or at least pretend to.
Getting ready to bring in a class from U of C to tour our building. I can't wait to hear what has to say.
Tonite we live at the venue 4 b day & bottles on deck
WOO! Iced Americanos have excellent slam-ability & oh-so-tasty! Hopefully your productivity was through the roof!
Filled my car up with gas because I didn't want to get stuck on the highway.
": Personality > Looks"
Attending Twitter 101 @ EDUCAUSE's #MARC12. Twitter is adaptable & widely used. Creates connections. Opportunity to deep dive into info.
Education is useless unless used to increase productivity(standard of living) in society. Greed created education.
murder > bullying on the list of evil. :p
I see... Ukraine? Business trips or for holidays? :-)
I will lln
yea I do
Archival double sided tape actually delights me. This is not sarcasm.
Yes RT : I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year. Good shit
Couples who don't have a TV in the bedroom have 50 percent more sex than couples who watch the tube in bed.
Haha, what a great celebration.
that can be said on any given day.
lol we're about to have some phat wallets !
No school because of the wildfires so probly no practice and probably no game
I'm really starting to hate not knowing where I'm going to be living in 5 months
I would do anything to be able to play the SCOOP series on Pokerstars.
don't press your luck :p
You're welcome! We love spread the #HCG love! :) RT thank you so much!!
chemistry has us grindin man. We can't all be journalism majors
I couldn't agree more
I overhear more gov't conspiracy theories in Nashville than I hear anywhere else. 1 weekend in TN = 1 year anywhere else, crackpot wise.
Hi Russia/China, the blood of the Syrian people are on your hands.
your always butting into my conversations Torey
Every time I hear Jean Alesi, I think of those powerful Ferrari V12 engines. What if IndyCar tried something crazy like that?
Had an incredible workshop last night at FIU with POWER Presentations! Thanks to all who attended.
thanks for the #whatsnextDC tweets!
keyword. "Think" lol.
If you want the dick THAT bad... Go apply at wienerschnitzel ;)
I'll be there if I'm not working!
Another thing I'm not ok with? No lunch yet. Any suggestions?
when did we get a new one?
My new years resolution is 1920x1080.
“: #AlliePerryLikesWang #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Makes me laugh every time I see them! 😂😂😂😂😂” Funny 😒
woohoo - second printing coming. always think of steve carell in dan in real life:Mom, "'it's a first edition!", SC-"it's the only edition."
OH MY!! This is too good for people to know about!!
where do yall be getting these random photos of mb? i want to find them....
I really want to take pictures with my little cousins to create memories!! and soon ima show a picture of wat they look like :)
Oh shit. That was too funny!!
I Find It Funny When People Lie Abt Going To Concerts And Such .
#artistbetterthanjcole A$AP Rocky!
yeah bruthas that will lock a boi UP literally haha
yeah I realized after I sent that lol least its on th radio :-)
step your game up then! It's not to hard to find a guy in scrubs xP
Ah! Who knows where the Bears game is playing??????
my beautiful bella
ohh u wingendersss always being weird.
I wish I lived in Malibu, California.
I wish I wasn't working today so I could spend my Easter with my loved ones :/
dude I cleaned for 8 hours straight today... and I wrote back like 3 hours ago! Lol
I say "bitch" a lot.
alright i'll try it!
UGH SO AMAZING!! I knew i had heard that jaunt before just could not place it. the gorge would have the best antelope lol
Damn fine day for the All God's Creatures World Premiere at the Hoboken Int'l Film Festival.
>>>> Now, you knw you gone have to give me directions cus it dnt show up on my GPS.... Lol
"May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine." - Frank Sinatra
thank you for sharing my startupamerica webinar!
“You can ignore reality, but you can’t ignore the consequences of ignoring reality.” -Ayn Rand
RT : Totally agree, its becoming impossible to manage a page from a mobile device.
It's perfect ice cream weather. Not too hot not too cold
sure... I got like 8 stiches in it... Itll be fine:/
Happy Birthday Jason Aldean :D
okay i'll have to see because I have to start doing flash cards for an exam! if there's ice cream i'll make an exception :)
#cataloging a box of dusty newspaper front pages from 1980. New York was pretty intense back then, eh?
check out vocabsushi.com to see a ton of real sentences from the news that use all those sat vocab words! Ppl do use them!
The keynote has a HUGE line and is being simulcast in a bunch of rooms that are virtually empty and much more conformable.
My fave, too. We should stream it in the trailer conf room at lunch.
HEATHER MORRIS IS HOSTING NEXT WEEKS PUNKD. I THINK I JUST DIED.
Time Management + #ADD = No Time Managed.
Check out China Wok on our site and order some delicious chinese food and have a little picnic outside
Donk Coach #Prophecy: There will be a #oneworldcurrency within five years.
can't wait to see you either unc! It's over!!! Ru ru gamma Ru. 1
Hahaha LOVE it!!!
Get well soon, kid!
#cocktail time where is your favorite place to go for an after work drink in #Madison?
From Pamplona: Aim so high you'll never be gored.
Cuz I tried to roofie the bitches but you stole their drink again. So we stole your ID and Credit Cards but you had money
maybe we should have stayed and just switched dorms lol.
I said don't worry about a thing...cause everything is gonna be ight
Why the f*ck I'm not in your BIO! Don't make me come down there & put this d*ck on you ;)
is disappointing me with all these breakdowns.... *yawns* I'm pretty sure it's probably cuz I'm not rolling. :/
#RickPerry is so scarry he make Mitt Romney look good
why are you the one i want?
when are you going out again ?
just watched videos of squirrels at a meeting for animal deterrent fencing systems
Harold McGee KEYS TO GOOD COOKING, signing books tonight 7 pm Kepler's, Menlo Park. Tuesday at Omnivore in SF, Wed at Bookshop Santa Cruz.
Aight cool, I can totally do that if they have something open. Now take yo a** to sleep! Lol. J/k.
The sweetest thing about him is how he curls up with me at night! Then gets pissed when a pug steps on him
Fucking two days before the ap and you decide to start teaching german r u fucking kidding
You'll understand why God made those Flyover States-Jason Aldean 🎶🎵✈
congrats on your launch... This is exciting
Im so exhausted today!
has any player made that choice in the past? As 'sheed would say CTC.
honestly? No. but i'm telling you anyway: 50 shades of gray. (there goes my dignity)
No WaY i LoOk ExAcTly ThE sAmE wAy :O
Come on Thursday.... Almost the weekend!!
follow me cus i'm a fucking nice person.
I dunno! Ha just am
Downtown LA: the only place u can get your hair straighteners, perfume, color contacts, gold, dvds + homemade papusas all in one place.
Seeing Nikki Lane and Spiritualized at Emo's East with
tis a rough one, that's for sure. Haha so worth it though
in a sea of authoring tools...Zebra has my attention and my curiosity peaked.
you iz weird! :D
I feel your pain. I went through a dozen yesterday alone, and I'm only cooking for 2!
Time to duck and cover! Wait to smoke outside till all the bullets fall back to ground!
Happy Birthday hope you have the best bday ever =:)
Discover Human Rights in the lower grandstand - test your knowledge and win a prize!
well thank you so much for the compliment :] I'm glad I had the chance to follow you!
got my artwork placed in a store today!
hello Leema Lee will you follow me beautiful thanks.xoxo ;-)
Love Chopped! RT : Cooking dinner with #Chopped on in the background. I find myself rushing to beat the clock.
Have a fabulous fantastic Friday......Spread Love
You had me at Neese's. Can't wait to see the new menu!
Always prepared to live the High Life!
8am final out of the way finally. One more to go in an hour and I'm #DONE! Can't wait to get home tomorrow :D
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: Look Wide
Carters shout out to the new honeys.
it's good to be here, it's good to be anywhere
do you ever come down here and visit?
No one at Indigo Tree Publishing has anything to do with Justin Bieber in any form or fashion whatsoever, which makes us non-mainstream.
RT : Happy birthday to one of the greats,
or a whole pie
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Never stay with anyone who puts you down, everything they don't like, someone else will love."
can I buy you lunch today in sf? Message me if you do not have plans. I am at market and new Montgomery.
#AmericanHorrorStory - Wow! What a mind fuck!
false cathedrals owns radiohead...
Redneck word of the day- "Sensuous"."Honey, sensuous up, can ya git me another beer?"
If the market ever expects housing to contribute 25%-30% of GDP again,it will require congress to overhaul the housing finance system.
Closed LONG $USDCAD for +2 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
Last minute birthday bottle service in SF tonight. If your around let me know and come on out to celebrate!!!
I'm kinda pissed that the #Orioles DFAd Bergesen.
This Thursday will be under the spell of & will be a #housenation trifecta!
diggin the background!
what a picture ! (sandstorm) hope it has cleared up
WAITING TO SEE WHAT ALL THE FUSS ABOUT PLAYSTATION PLUS HOPE ITS WORTH THE 50$
I could use a couple of cups of coffee.
Thank _you_. It's truly our pleasure. Hope to see you in DC in December.
New song prepped for my callback!
My flight is 14 hours long, I hope these sleeping pills are strong.
Let me make it clear though- I'm not saying I have the same skill just fashion
RT : today's weather has really gotten me in the mood for can't wait to get started.
tonight in Troy, MI. So stoked to see again.
I heard rumors this was an open note, group final exam...is this true?
Thanks! I will! Maybe catch you at BlogHer?
Perfect Pho weather ...
#HereWeGoAgain Super Bowl Weekend the rematch everybody been waiting for. #ImHyped to see who wins this year!
Broccoli Cheese soup haha
“Look at me, now look at you. Now tell me who is jealous of who!”
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 cent wings, chicken with white/wild rice soup and plenty of Mardi Gras specials
The thing about throwing stones and hiding your hand is, your secrets are never your own. Someone else always knows.
Yay mommy is back home time for sleepy with my boo boo 🌙 goodnight tweetos
Me too. I have this convo 10+ times a week with libs and the frustration level is off the charts.
Lol I was typing when it came through, and I decided to send anyways. Ah, social media your speed vexes me so.
Make sure you get out to vote tommorrow. DC Primary for Ward 4,7,8 and At-Large. Exciting times in DC RT
well.. one thing you can never have too much of...air and HDD/SDD space 2tb sounds good... too bad that's not me...
yeah,i kinda figured :)
Aye I keeps it 200 !! Lol
still don't know how to fucking log onto fucking tumblr. piece of fuck. ugh. my life rn<<<
what's the contest?
How does it feel to have your heart broken over and over again? Terrible.
my house is stupidly cold :(
It's my birthday too - HOO HOO you're ripping me off - Happy B-Day + can I get a little b-day love from my fav radio host?
NBA has 6 fouls because they play 8 more minutes. Both NBA and college allow one foul every 8 minutes.
Rated L for Literary. HA.
Playing hangman through texts > (: haha.
Cuz he like u and you like it 2 lmao
#labutter Deli Magazine Release @ Best Fish Tacos in Ensenada Saturday 7pm. Did you know?
Sherman D7 said infrastructure must be n place B4 construction. Promise?
2 hours sleep, nyquil combo leads me to keep asking coworker, "am i still wearing pants?"
I still need to get on that book. Keep hearing great things about it though.
You may now eat the bride #JackInTheBox pure hilariousness
S\O doing her thang at numbers 2nite!!! Thanks 4 the invite fam!!!
yeah, crazy day for La Cumbre with 2 Golds and a Silver.
Bravo to Janie Bryant, costume designer. Megan's outfits were so dope last night, I forgot about her teeth.
Encore Suspense is running a Psycho marathon today. Brilliant! Let's buy Mom some flowers & then watch Psycho.
LMAO......glad we are in agreement....
why do you say such things?
I mean I can't even order some dominoes cause everything gotta add up to atleast 15$ ...Who said I was planning on spending all that..
Sorry. I'm referring to the whole film.
That's awesome, thx! Twitter doesn't allow users to DM non-followers...ahem !! (I need u to follow us so I can DM you info :)
5 grocery stores. Not one fennel bulb to be found. It's official. I need to move.
good so u can help me out today!
Super mcnasty, why you mclovin when the bitch call me daddy
Hope you are hanging in there!
If I get enough of my followers to say they want to check it out I'll post a screenshot....So who wants a sneak peek??
Just had my first Five Guys burger. Pretty good.
P.S. im at my grandma's house but im coming back on sunday. xoxo
EPA has levied four pollution actions in Lower Valley - Yakima Herald-Republic
How did the weekend go?
etra el WHY ALWAYS ME? Balotelli
morning i already liked u on facebook
Mr. Steve said u needa bring Ur lazy eyed Ass down here Lol
HA! Of course they bring up the Xavier UC brawl...
&park to Roc do you know a girl named Siarra lee or any of you?
Ok, is 7 followers away from 1,000. He once live tweeted an RNC debate using lyrics from Dark Side of the Moon, so follow him.
Jeez! D Rose on FIRE!
Mellow mushroom.
“: that's a good word. Practice makes wut???” perfect!
Heading off to a private party at Magnolia & Co. Did you know they have those? You too can have one!
OH SHIT it's Friday the 13th :o
wow I'm tired .
Wow, it's Wednesday already. That rocks, right? =)
hm the team in blue looks like their fans are leaving early. this feels eerily familiar...
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 22
Marquette B-Ball at 6:15 this evening. We open at 5 w/ EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9. Perfect way to enjoy March Madness.
hope you score a hat trick tomorrow!
I'm sorry. It's sad, and I hope they're doing something about now.
#MyCelebCrushIs but she's a Kansas fan, so unfortunately things would never work out
Just signed up for TweetFunnel! It funnels tweets from multiple users, has editorial control, tweet assigning & more! www.tweetfunnel.com
All great men have mustaches!
Btw, all you Twitter spammers can piss off! If I wanted a new iPad, & I don't, I surely wouldn't get from you!
Today just got cooler!
media matters is where I found out about the 3rd station :) hoping to see many more follow their example
Caught the first #worldcupfinal goal on Twitter, the 2nd on the radio, and the 3rd on TV. Now all I need is the telegraph.
Oh thank you darling. I hope you are doing well!
“: lmao and we both know how that ended lmao dudes boots in the sky!!!”he was really vertical upside down
Special Sunday! Hope everyone has had a happy weekend. I've been packing for the Big Move.
is a genius, I know. RT : WEATHER DISCO! <3
that g+ / muppets spot made me never want to grow up. and still never use g+.
wow! i do remember cheese and tomato coming into it...#mental any plans for tonight?
Noir Fridays featuring Chicago's one and only tomorrow doors open at 10 PM RSVP 3125459057 for free entry
Check out: Rebeca Tomas (flamenco) @ Theater 80 or free show at Judson Church both tonight @ 8 pm in Manhattan
But who picked chicago to win it anyway right? looks like bos vs heat in conf finals
When Marge goes through some changes the family has a hard time adjusting to it. Tune into this episode of The Simpsons at 5!
Not much sexier than Jessica Beil and Kate Beckinsale! No shame there buddy. Maybe I gotta' see that flick.
what is this I hear about alex trebek? tell me more!
You've almost made it #PDX! #Happy Hump Day!
Why am I having issues using your service on multiple platforms at once. Never used2 have an issue. Please help.
Thanks for the RT!
hey johnny
hahaha sorry! It's actually kind of on the down low... Well it's kinda a long story! Haha x
I wanna go to a performing arts academy.
Wholefood's mangos (10 for $10) on Denny are the sweetest tastiest mangoes you'll find, get yours while they last.
Engine28.com arrives tomorrow around noon! You'd better get your fingers ready.
#5borobash heading to 5borobash you guys still at murphys?
Hell yeah! And we just may win RT : You're alive! Sugar Bowl baby!!!
I Chooked ON Air O.o
whatever you want to call as long as you get some!
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. -Vince Lombardi
Enjoying inflight wireless access while flying back to West Palm Beach for current writing-training-consulting hospice project.
the one where everyone talks about how sweet their bf is and then we are just like I love food
RT : I can't stand Eric Cantor. I hate his face. I want to give him an atomic wedgie/ his face is like he's getting a wedgie!
It's a great program for kids & Families. Saturday's show was Teddy Bear's Guide 2 the Orchestra. Went very well. :D
Average life of a web page is about 100 days before it is changed or taken down. Brewster Kahle
Welcomes Jennifer Gelber to the Advisory Board!
How are you?
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
yu still have your ipod number
One Band, One Dream, One Brit, ONE DIRECTION
your amazing and anygirl would be luky to have you, I love you and please follow me! :)
#wmata you fail me once again. Happy Wednesday....
Successful day off! Filed my taxes, hit the gym, and am halfway through my to do list for the week. Bring it, Wednesday!
I'm Deff porned out for the day!!!!! Wheeee what a workout with the Neighbs!
I thought pinterest was addictive now I'm saving everything in my pocket. Pinboards, pockets, links, Facebooks, tweets, work?
Today was only Tuesday wow
We, As Human Beings Are The Biggest Threats To Ourselves. It Is In Our Nature. Our DNA. To Be Mean, Evil, & Self-Destructive.
Okay its official I have anger issues.
Appalachian Granny's Menu includes: Pesto Cheesecake, Southwest Cheesecake, Bleu Cheese & Walnut Cheesecake (all 4 inch)! 614-732-2803
then she said, I can take the cheese off the double cheeseburger if that's what u want **blankstare**
Having a drink with a good friend at Plaza Garcia. Incredible restaurant in Woodinville. Stop by sometime!
seems like fancy #foxnews rhetoric for: "we don't have any real intentions to end this war."
yay! booked our wedding photographer tonight! looking forward to working with !!
BURNING THE HECK UP. it should not feel like this in february!
It rains when you're here, and it rains when you're gone
Well i just realized i made the Deans list : )
"Appreciation is like an insurance policy. It has to be renewed every now and then." -Colonel Dave McIntyre
Watching #SOTU. Good points about importance of student aid and higher ed.
where r u
good idea, I'll do that one during our next lecture :-)
"_____ is dumb. People like talking about you because you're cool." Even if it's a lie, friends know how to make me feel better.
how u been
you need to! Lol
Dammit. It feels like a Friday. Right?
Though unlikely, Sale can still get a quality start tonight.
hey guys weve started judging for our contest w/ make sure that if you entered you posted your video on our fbook wall! RT
If u look @ my songs chronologically u can tell I'm progressively training the listener's ear to hear/process sounds in a different way.
Your library is now open 24/7 until May 8. Good luck on the final papers and final exams!
It's at least watchable, but the link that I watched the iPPV on when I couldn't get the PAID stream up was
aww, thanks! want to try and hang out sometime in June?
Ugh. Monday. -_-
So according to my DM spams, seems like everyone is talking about me.
Halloween is soon! How are you celebrating abroad?
Kid in my class told me Star Wars wasn't real. I told him it was in a galaxy far far away so how would you know?
i missed the triple double but the Sixers are now 1-0 when Evan Turner starts in the playoffs on Tuesdays :-)
oh well the pats got chandler jones dt from syr. And Hightower from from Alabama olb.
RT : "Wow, were you dropped as a baby?" "Ya I was... into a pool of sexy!"
Um, the Packers run game is non existent. I guess its only week 3.
if I could look like the guy in the avatar, I'm all over it.
If I don't get that song this second I'm going to come to LA and give you the biggest weggie ever
And I did awesome karate chop dancing while driving.
I still can't believe this. It will really hit me when I wake up.
well today is a good day for me because iam going to relax and enjoy my dad of not going to school
I don't think Avon high school knows what air conditioning is.
Seven Hours and 20 minutes until the HUNGER GAMES!!
Super infuriating to be early for the bus ... And the bus was even earlier than you.
ElPolloRey, thanks for following us on Twitter!
sounds amazzing! Call me up baby. Bahaha
u guys crack me up!
do you have a droid? I got a free NFL fantasy case of you want it
Sharla is really pouring it on St Johns. 7 shots, 2 on with a goal. Keep it up Bulls!
eyy going round london you?
the idea that people even bother to fact check these movies is beyond me. you should operate on the premise that everything is wrong.
I really need to get better. I have cabin fever bad.
thanks. I am happy to know you as well!!
I think I'm getting this figured out. The thing I'm feeling is why most people drive cars here. The bus system is confusing.
All of us have our troubles & disappointments. But looking at life as a whole, there r very few ills worth worrying over 4 more than 5 mins.
I see that our former goalie just signed a contract extension with St. P.
how did you do??
Happy Dr. Seuss birthday! POLL QUESTION: if you could be a Seuss character, which would you be..and why?
todays my birthday. Can you please wish me a happy birthday?
thanks Harvey DM me real quick
Here at to help ! Be sure to follow them and come by to say hello!
I'm hanging out with Christy and her sister! I think going to Del Mar and Solana Beach. Then sushi downtown. You? Box? Hahaha
. I've tried using your app but it only seems to measure pulse, not systolic and diastolic. Any tips for getting all 3 to work?
me to!!!!! I love cadbury eggs!!!
We turnin up
76ers maul the Celtics For the last few weeks, one of the hottest topics surrounding the struggling 76ers has been whether Evan Turner is
Minivan we were going to use broke down. May have a back-up van. Have secured back-up Suburban. 1996 with 183k? Maybe not.
Happy Easter Everyone! Jesus rose from the dead on this glorious day & I hope God has blessed your life in many ways. #blessed <3
Thanks for the ToTD.
How to admire and not envy, this is the rub.
": ": I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD #secrets" #SecretsOut ;)" love you
Be sure you order the shrimp cocktail and eat it RIGHT before you take the field Thursday :o)
Oh my - YES! We have our Altered Landscape exhibition / collection up now...see here for future shows:...
Stop the "tollation" on S. Fla roads. MDX(Miami-Dade Expressway Authority) is out of control with tolls.
I think you can but I'm not sure D: ask in brannon's room in 8th period and if the yearbook staff is not there, go to merchants
Pedi, massage, and dress shopping. Great 4th!
Thanks Josh! We're pumped. It's going to be a big year. Psyched to have you involved to get it right.
Day off today, hot outside today trying to get the car wahed & waxed. Now, sitting on the back deck B.S'ing with friends.
Yes I did walk to Denny's and am eating alone, relaxing day :)
yes-will post link when available. Sound in that rotunda was incredible. RT : Any video of that?
Ha! Are you at the DMV?
Good night everybody
"There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask 'Why?'...I dream of things that never were, and ask 'Why not?' " ~ Robert F Ke
I now have a sun burn (#imaginerit) and poison ivy (#mthope) but it was worth it.
yeah I'm interning with a theatre in dc and looking for a job now, but I really like dc for now. How's amazon?
nothin better than a good sunset
Ha! Not a big deal. I'm just anxious for our next phase and frustrated that it's hard to find the right place. We'll get there!
Hm, Maybe it's time to get a full bar.
Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control - New Features Part One
Feel like listening to some R.Kelly for some reason..
You're NEVER too late.
Cops now walking single file along east side of march - slightly ominous?
That was a fun show! Thanks for coming out love :)
Chicken,Macaroni & cheese :)
apparantly if you google 'girl having fun under night cover' in Turkey it will direct you to our bandcamp
=) Its a great quote ... TRUTH <3
Who's ready To buy our EP on iTunes next week!!?
#whiskeytango tonight. We got your Friday night covered. Food, fun, entertainment and #freeparking on the street. Fuckette on stage!
boarder patrol.
FINALLY! Congrats on being old. :D
appreciate the blast! kudos
Its night night time...
Stop being the dumbest person alive
going to bed :)night
#20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi 7.her voice 8. Her music 9. Her journey 10. She doesn't care what people think 11. Down to earth
but all the guys at my school are 5 feet tall and douches.
at least the employee who delivered the baby got the rest of the day off. Socialism!
Ominous Thomas - a fer-sure winner at Del Mar!
HA! No, just garden variety PC gremlins, but let's all just say it was the #SOPA blackout. ;)
I could care less what you think.
cause you have no past. NAH
I wanna have a good chat with somebody! Blah! I'm too overworked. No time for socializing.
Men Against Breast Cancer thank's you for including
Congrats to the #Coyotes, well deserved. Happy for Don Maloney
¡Thanks for being a part of our Taco Martes!
times square :)
because I'm sure as hell a Turkey Breast Footlong isn't a $5 footlong
7th period is always so much fun! *in my country accent* lmao.
i need more self love.
Anytime, & anyplace ;)
what r you doin up so late boy
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!(:
It's confusing because you're 200 pages in and the bird still hasn't died....
In Seattle, its almost partytime. How's it shakin where you are?
you mean immaturity < ?
Just gave away my last book for World Book Night in front of shops by train station. #wbn Had a fun time chatting with folks about reading.
Glad we had that blood drive in the building a while ago. #GiveBlood Host
Marketing your business (with social media) doesn't need to be difficult - go with what work best for your business,
whats this new jam yer bringin here friday? best basement currently in chicago. stoked.
thanks for following back :)
Chester Bennington's screams are much better live than in the actual songs haha dope
Bases loaded for Aubrey Huff
so glad you joined us for
Happy Mothers Day, all you mamas!
Halloween with my mom is going to be a blast! I can't wait for all the trick-or-treaters!
I just hit my first 1,000 followers on twitter. I'm throwing a party, AND YOU'RE ALL INVITED!
Ant Thats Sum Shit U Never Seen B4 DC Bally Game Lol
great speech, thanks for the appreciation of Mo and his wife.
They showed this guys penis in this movie i was watching i had to turn it off so quick cuz i was watching it with my nieces.
Come in today for your Biscochito Cupcake!!!! M New Mexico is great :)
answer your phone bb
We are open and ready to help you get your holiday treats!
New samples are in!!! Still a few appointments left for this weekend. Call/email to snag one!
You can't force somebody to love you.
smoke, drink, fuck. ball, everything hahaha
thanks for the follow
but they did eventually take your money, I'll bet.
"U know u know u know we on that". Hahahaha ok I stop
Where is that feature? Back in Oct. of LAST YEAR I was supposed to have an interview. Where's that at?
good article Laura!
Awesome. Thanks Amy!
time travel: the one thing I really wanted and didn't get.
can't wait! RT : 31 days until the outdoor market opens! Start of a new season and a new market! We are very excited....
: web archiving is large-scale synchronization problem; most difficult for resources that are large or change frequently
Hbu no I don't smoke and why... u only want to hear from those who do smoke???
I think I get it. SLOs say what kids should know and be able to do at year end. SS/Sci need to have a vendor define that.
But once a month, I get a cupcake!
Sittin in my turkey blind. Bring on the birds.
Just discovered is responsible for the "Ask a Grown Man" videos. Too bad Seventeen never had that feature when I was growing up.
being comfortable is the most important thing lol. Always look at the glass half full
You're not taking advantage of the visual element of these video interviews. They might as well be podcasts.
How do I function on less than 4 hours of sleep? More importantly, how do I look so amazing each morning after only 4 hours of sleep? Haha
Casablanca Sucked Anyways..
We're very excited to have you onbaord as our newest chef, welcome!
Ready for the #cisummit! Coffee and muffin in hand.
can I get a RT if you are feeling any better
I gotta stop tweeting my tweeps for just a sec to say R.I.Paradise to Donna Summers dang!! man
no problem - but then it might have been a good thing - a 3rd loss to Yankees would have been ugly.....
Stop playing hard to get.
We really need to do a movie night.
what song is that?!(:
worried about this #Capitals team. #HBO filming could not have come at a worse time. Losses piling up.. #24/7
omg blonde u and tht number!! And yes ur always hyper!! Wanna see the dress I wore yesterday for Easter?
Man it is SO HARD to sit here and photoshop from 10p-3p.
Awesome article, thanks for sharing. So much potential in Baltimore!
. I am an annual pass member. LOVE LLFL! Been there 4 times! Do we get to come to preview day #waterpark pls lmk!
Yet to be added to the site, but we could email them to you =)
Here starts a whole new adventure…whew!
What wacky hi-jinks did TNA pull?
OK VTech!!! Good game v. Duke. I'm ready for March Madness!
My bf has perfect date ideas. Go to the mall, eat, go home, eat hot cheetos, watch lion king, have sex, take a shower, have sex, cuddle.
are helping to
is the best. Where's ?
I just keep wanting to yell "LOKI'D!!" all of the time.
Me too! Wish you could be here too! Hoping to make a NorCal market happen!! xo
Welcome to Twitter! & will be thanking our FOLLOWERS w/ a special THANK YOU event starting tomorrow!
New shorts ☑- spring time floral print fresh haha 🌹❤
are you at graduation?? Maria & I are here too! Would love to see you!
fair enough. One free week off is always a winner.
Met with the AD's from Kansas and Illinois today. Talk about depressing. Might as well coach a Pop Warner football team.
ooh tsonger and florian. THAT should / could be interesting. IF Jo has custody of the brain and Florian plays fearlessly.
"We have merch for sale and business cards."
Great blog post ! Kept us in suspense. Everyone is asking what the fish measured?
Another unexpected evening with the ! Looking forward to Frank on April 7!! Pops or classical = #happy Jacque
I'm starting to very much love the new
yes. Its hott outside already, so why not? :)
you know that stuff only happens in ny. mylifeisny.com
Happy mothers day to all thee awesome moms out there 💛🌹
Guess What!!!
Too good with them zig zags!
took him a drive to settle down but I fully support the change.
The future is not something we enter, it is something we create ~ Leonard I. Sweet
"ADD ME ON TWITTER " you're obviously new
No! As an AF wife it will soon be MY TIME!
next to.it since peyton didnt play this season
I know-right?! I'm thinking the ad men lack more than decency-they lack good taste.
my ear hurts :(
yes, Your #MLA12 panel on game studies will Go Directly to Yale!
You can get hepatitis by walking barefoot on a beach.
That darn Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow today. Good news is that Scotty's Brewhouse Catering delivers all our brew homemade soups!
What's truly amazing is that it takes an appearance on an award show for the general public to "discover" a true talent.
Thanks for the RTs & the SO! Happy Thursday!
Top that, New England and Denver!
i think. Just add a pound sign infront.
Join us for Ink & Gold tonight with Stankonia Studio's Renegade el Rey with support from the Martian and drinks specials all night long!
“: If you're the smartest person in the room change rooms!”
I'm a bit late- just bought "The Vision of Love." & I have to say that it's incredible. The chorus caught me. Perfect songwriting
Happy happy Monday! ;-)
I got freaked out about the plane shaking and not being able to hold steady. Now, I'm sequestered in memphis. (not actually)
I love the smell of rain.
If you flapped those arms the way you flap your gums you really could fly. :)
We are experiencing issues with our photo upload. We will have this resolved shortly.
What a good run for For all the negative energy from the media he stuck it out for the cameras.
You guys should really do a song together and make a sick video!!!!!
“ RT : Why would Ebanks take off his jersey? it's not even sweaty.”
Thanks for the follow. Saw a presentation relating to your company a while back. Very intriguing!
Good morning! Don't want to get out my warm bed. Keep telling myself I'm up, I'm up.
JJ Hardy is awesome plays SS, not 3rd
this is the most important thing I will ever write
On the way to a literary lecture
This Gaddafi guy is fucking up my Price is Right.
Happy Mothers Day !
word? ....no..tell me more..tell me more!
I'm going to kill whoever stole my toothbrush
Tomorrows going to be the best day ever. I dont want to live the summer with regret. Im scared.. but ready <3
First sound of my first name doesn't exist in English. Hard H, as in "L'chaim" (Hebrew).
Today would be a great day to go to the beach again... Hm
I see you have not accepted the mission yet. Are you not up to the challenge?
sadly watching news about holocaust museum shooting. what the heck is going on with people?
"collecting and preserving the Internet" -- this is the one I came for. Internet librarians FTW.
Great location for sign Now on to my torta!
Ancient Aliens must of run out of stuff to pin on the aliens this week ~ no new episode. :D
definitely yeah! Its my fave show! You guys have to come back for another season!
i followed <3 for u :D
I hope you can as well! -Glenn
Such a great idea! Chicken Butt looks so happy!
They mad cuz they not us
Those pink bats are no joke.
Dude snare sound ugly.....
WARNING! Do NOT pay more for: Flight, Hotel, Cruise, Car-Rental, Vacation...then You have to. Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com & get it for LESS!
Woahhh! That was a close one *wipes forhead*....FACEMASK!!!??? Stop cheating ramrod idiots!
I just spent an hour playing with the google maps update with 3-D buildings.
"I've loved the Jackrabbit nickname all season. Now get to see them in person in Albuquerque." Can't wait to have you here!
A pragmatist! :)
thats actually what it is. Whats another name for it
A modern equivalent to one's house burning down, losing keepsakes and photo albums
Note to self RT Good call "write what u know and know what u write!" for blogs. Many miss his simple point.
#Mets' problems stem from Trades of Heath Bell, Matt Lindstrom, Brian Bannister; Cab accident to Duaner Sanchez, losing draft picks via FA.
isn't Callie an original? Who did she replace? I guess she came in season two-ish. Right? Sloan and little gray HAVE to reunite
Brooksie will always refer to Brooks Robinson
. -no! And it's freaking me out!!
Tell the folks in DC that! How about some sustained meditation and purposeful action too!
Life is like money, you can only spend it once- InSpotter mobile app
"The Encore of Tony Duran" - WINNER of the "Spirit of Independents" Award #FLIFF ! Thank you
When someone adds me as a friend on Facebook, the first thing I do is go through all their pictures.
It's bigger than an omelet. And a bread box.
wow theres a sequel to Phantom of the Opera called Love Never Dies and it sounds horrible
Thankful that has decided to join me in my cozy corner of Herman B. at 2:45am. Better late, then never I say.
I don't remember lol
hahahaha that is the best thing ever
Best way to change ur mood is to get ur heart rate up! Exercise is a drug!
I need to be better.
:have a great thursday!
Fracking is just a bad idea guys. People are already getting sick and no one cares. Just another day in America. Let's make money!
LOVIN MY LIFE NO MATTER WHO HATES ME N WHO DONT!!!!!
I have just created a new list titled 'Investing' using TweetDeck
= always full I swear she should b FAT AS FUCK
- LitFuse - Totally agree... it keeps getting worse.
if big blue madness is oct. 12, we are only six months away
Reggie Jamz will be entertaining y'all once again this Sunday at the #BlackAndGold pageant!
you know of latest real estate genius plans to try to sell the space (along with the SIBL lib), right?
i'm going to make some brekkie w market bacon, eggs and eat some strawberries. so take THAT! hehe
- just gave shout out to Minneapolis for having a public #arts fund. Woot woot
just got done cooking
Oh, right! Well that doesn't sound as bad + watching 90210 what about you? <AB
good!! Had a reunion with ppl from my old job...now i get to snuggle up wiff myboy...gonna cuddle up wiff him soon :)
Sucker Punch, the ninjas only weakness! If you hear it coming, it's the last thing you'll ever hear.
Jamming to call me maybe in first period >
Davinci Virtual started offering a 50% discount on one of our Manhattan locations in New York! Get a virtual office for less than $50/mo!
On this day in 1944: The World War II Battle of the Bulge ended.
Emotional roller coaster this week...From stressed & burdened to joyful and grateful!! Both good for the soul!
Loss of Suggs for the season...horrible blow for #Ravens. On the bright side, wait...no bright side.
another lazy day much work done this week defiantly need to chill... But had a quick hit with tennis today,, Nice!!!
#DetroitLions is da bosses no stopping them they unstoppable
Lady at PacSun just asked me if I came into the store 2 summers ago w/o shoes. Told her she had a great memory
To some Android users: find Playd on the marketplace by typing: "Playd" working on a fix for that with Google
People tripping on shrooms almost make me want some. Almost.
Conceptual tabs and the ribbon are probably the most challenging training issues with Office 2010.
haha i know :o im actually trying to move up to seattle
It's May.. why are you girls wearing Uggs for?!
Off to camera store for a tuneup. Friend loaning me an F2.0L 22-50. Might get a spare battery though... Hero2 in "trial mode" on dash too
we should both go to elitches this summer! :-)
The appendix in *The Story of B* is the most aggressive attack on the foundation of civilization I have ever read.
Another day of working on the magazine, totaling 8 hours. Great job, team!
We can reach great heights together.
I'm here for u now baby
You looked better on myspace.
Leather suit!
It doesn't take a school to be considered educated -_- so why you still so dumb when there's a library full of books?
RTd for accuracy as well as lack of relevance to anything currently happening. RT : I bet ewok UFC would be adorably violent.
Awesome! See y'all tonight at ! :)
haha, i remember the day i met you you were so amazing tht day juss sayennn boo.
is the hey song gonna make a comeback?
Really enjoyed a long walk tonight, watching the beautiful moon as I carefully tried not to fall on a crack! I have my idea for NaNoMo!
it's been snowing for almost two hours here... Huge ginormous #snow flakes.
Is anyone out there?
how are you today beautiful? :)
speaking to jstudents about the ethical issues related to covering the Sandusky case.
Oh shit, I need dress clothes now.
Rip Steve Jobs may your legacy live on for generations to come...
Toppers pizza is avg. Topperstix are from the heavens above. Triple orders after 10pm are an elixir like no other
Have a great weekend!!
Scandle after scandle...Hm... All government workers too. Reason to have a small Government.
I have a habit of doing this "!" so dont trip!
Going fishing.
Heater on, check. Fans running, check. Baseboards drying out, check. Sump pump running? YES!!
Gotta finish my page, Geometry test. My two most pressing things today.
I can tell that burrito really got the best of you
are you gonna go back i missed it :(
I really need to start going out besides just getting drinks after work.. I see so many people that have been missing because i'm a grandma
A true man does not need to romance a different girl every night, a true man romances the same girl for the rest of her life. - Ana Alas
I feel so dead. 6 hrs of paintings...with one 30min break in between. I just stopped.
your smelcome!! have a great day babe!!! thank you hun!!! Love u too , can't wait !
Jury has come back with punishment for Nicole Turner, woman convicted of injury to a child in the death of 5 yr old Julian Soliz. Waiting.
Excitement for Clio's pre-alpha demos is palpable. I could post screen shots, but it might max out your daily allowance of awesome.
My heart aches for the entire Chardon community...
The ways of the world will work around the couple that is supposed to be together....
off to the green valley book fair for cheap book goodness
Cougar Town moving to TBS has me worried about the network's commitment to airing "Pretty Woman" every day.
I swear my dog could be human crying like a baby bc he hasn't seen me in almost 48 hrs😞I missed him on the other hand I look like a lobster
All Prince, all the time. Just to appease
Matt Erlin (WUSTL) presenting on topic modeling German novels of the 18th & 19th century.
I can't wait to see my baby miss him
Have a good day, love! ❤
I think everyone else is just wrong.
wow. kobe.
LMAO omg i know i have to find a way to block webmd on my computer so i can never go on it
Apparently when you order food in Texas with the word "diabla" in it, it's spicy as hell...
coffee & lemon pancakes
Sir its rude to stare yes I'm singing a lot loud and using my steering wheel as a drum oo and yes my blinker was the wrong way.. its life
Back from the hospital fuckers ! Yeah I'm back which means back to the mixtape.
I was thinking the same thing.
Omg Bon Iver just shouted out Eau Claire, WI! Love it!!!
good for you :)
I'm Dead axx! Shxt gone get real. lOl!
Go and try to tear me down, I will rising from the ground like a skyscraper, I love that song
Wishing everyone a very healthy, happy and prosperous New Year!
basketball games should be played in basketball arenas. We get enough football stadiums during the tourney.
we can do the same for you!
The game dev process: dudes in suits say, "Team, you have X months and Y dollars to make the game. GO!" Team says, "Yay!"
I'm
Man Brandon Jennings is consistently inconsistent. Consistentcy is the key
#pastors everything you need to accomplish Gods plan for your city is in the House! Start working w/ what you have!
Eff the giants
Thank you to all our twitter fans! We crossed the 3,000 follower mark over the weekend! See us
Nicholas French unplugged was an incredible event. Lots of PICs to come
Awhile back I got an email from the Jimmel Kimmel people to enter to be on the show I don't have a drummer though.
STAY FACEBOOKING AND PUTTING SHIT TO THE WORLD LIKE U GOT BALLS! GROW THE FUCK UP AND NEVER TRY TO PUT A NIKKA LOWER THAN U!
": "If everyone thinks you suck, they're not haters. They're right." Daniel Tosh please father my children." After mine ;)
Please link to actual stories, not just the homepage.
Tis the season.
Pray that God turns your fear into
I mean 13 days. My iPhone messed up
Steve Blake I'll be seeing you
What a nice Spring day.
Too often efficiency is confused with just cutting corners and lowering standards.
okay :) you can come up here and stay with me in the burg :)
UTSA fouls on the in bounds, McNeese at the ft line...
Congratulations, Lindsey! You're awesome and you deserve it.
Hahaha, and I love reading your mind! ;)
Anywho.. I'm watching "Best Ink" lol but it's only making me want another tattoo even more.
Why do I even have a phone? I have no friends, legit no one ever texts me first, I always have to text other people:/ whatever
Loving the commercial during the super bowl!!
oh foreal? whered u get hit at?
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
oops thats right, i havent been to canada in so long i had forgotten.it sure is a wonderful thanksgiving...i couldnt ask for anymore
Keep it movin, keep it keep it movin.
Nope not yet. Thanks for your opinion. :) I grew up watching Muppet Babies and Muppets in Space and Muppets Take Manhattan. :)
Which one, afternoon session? Never fear. RT RyanD drat, waitlisted!
The world keeps turning. I'm getting dizzy.
Ugh is all I can say. How are you feeling?
Goose n' Brisk
Yeah, i have a case cellaring in my fridge right now.
Ugh cant wait to see my loves play at tricky falls 7/21 we came as romans, attack attack, and abandon all ships plus more, shits gonna g ...
9,000 pages of UFO-related papers and parliamentary questions recorded by Britain's Ministry of Defence (MoD) from 1985 to 2007 released!
Don't love me because it's convenient-love me because you mean it.
Now that's more like it! Which Le Peep works best for you?
The awkward moment when your boyfriend finds out you have an alien girlfriend haha good times with my bffb <3
We can't help it. Have you seen this kid? You'd understand. Lol!!
Don't bitch at me for "backing out" of something when every time I try making plans with you, you back out. Why I still try is beyond me.
Time to Clean -____-....but its always better when i jam out to <33
Happy days!
please please you are killing me with the wait. Lol
Have you seen www.debtinfocus.com or www.brightleaffinancial.com? They're not quite the same, but credit union built!
I want fresh shellfish now
GOOD MORNING (3/30) we will be presenting 'Tie-Dyed Artist of the Sky' w/Jonathan Wolfe.Refreshments & cash bar will be available!Starts
I think just through out a faboulosity comment.
To be excluded by omission is to be excluded based on perception of value.
“The wrong ones can’t hurt you. It’s the right ones.”
« Do the things you should, not just the ones you want to.»
A plot is a dot that went for a walk to nowhere.
it's been too long
!!! RT : We on the 3rd floor come get patriotic with us!!
I know ima get some before we head to the airport
What are you doiing for THC?
RT : save the earth - it is the only planet with chocolate
I was hoping I could see all of those people and re-decide who should be blocked or not.
I can run the mile faster than the Facebook iPhone app loads content these days! Seriously, what gives
everyone is clueless.
thanks for telling your friends to check us out!
Yea that blows!! Wut r u doin this Saturday? We r playin at an Irish Pub... guaranteed to get TWISTED!
Basketball after being at a concert till 2am is a bad mixture.
Did they have sunscreen in 1836? I don't think so - they did have ways to protect their skin from sun. Stop by Prairietown to learn more.
thanks for the info.
oh, and my daughter's solo is to "Concrete Angel" by Martina McBride, so country is not out of the question.
Hangover brunch at 11am Meet some of the beards who traveled to Austin.
IMMA TAKE CONTROL OF THIS RELATIONSHIP, COMMAND IT
The only thing I carry in my book bag is a note book and a pen.
Damn G-Love!! Looks peaceful!!
ONE-LINER: Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
u can see the video
Austin. Is amazing.:)
- I'm the black one.
Now, seriously. Arden admits she's actively escalating her equanimity by averting her eyes.
It's to early to wanna fight ain't it?? Lol
You never tweet old man!
happy born day
hope you guys are going to check out studybreaks.com
Pianta: effective professional development for #ece #teachers can be delivered across multiple sites with consistency.
alright gtg to church lol. be on later today maybe :) kay bye haha -izzy
I'm in Kansas City Back Stage Preparing to inspire the Children of Kansas City Pride, Pride is not just a word its a Lifestyle, Live it!
a tattoo?
Aaron Rodgers MVP. How many duper bowl mvps did favre win? Answer 0.
What makes you think you can get this girl& all of a sudden get naughty. u should have to touch her heart& mind 1st before u touch her body.
Lol yea im enjoying it :) Ive been dingle for over a month now... Umm just hoping to have a job thats basically it
Totally ignoring mfs all day; if not one of my five brothers or nine sisters; KEEP THAT SHIT MOVING;
Earlier show than usual tonight, Ill actually get to sleep!
I'm thinking about this guy right now and I just can't get him out of my mind .<3
You too :)
Figure it out Dallas.
Holy gorgeous day!
Hope you enjoy the bubbly. See you in LA again soon.
so true... and why I do as well...
Sips o' the Irish. Top of the evening to ya. Happy St. Patty's Day
See ya Duke!
damn, wish I was there. For though, I may just drive over right the F now!
Awesome! Congrats!
I totally loved Frisco Jones!
Starting the week with prioritizing my workload gives me a clear sense of where to put my energies. The key goals come first.
thank you! all designed in-house by ux superwoman
I like her little hat. Sassy!
please tell me you ordered a gazillion copies of PARIS, I LOVE YOU BUT... by (Staff pick card goes inside!)
Feening for taco nazo fish tacos...... :T
aw thanks for following, I followed back :)
I refuse to let anyone take my joy away.
and my stubbornness is reverse, I do it even when I know DAMN well I shouldn't! My damn pride always wins..
Nancy Grace from HLN is the most annoying person on tv. She's so stupid she doesn't even know wtf she's talking about. #howdoyouhaveashow?
shoot how much you got to lose ?
that's ny though....when "journalists" and rappers party at the same clubs.
"Oh, I was shooting at the wrong team." -, testing out a Battlefield 1943 demo on PS3
The fact that I can be so far from home and still get so much work done shows how far we have come. So easy to remain connected/productive.
"tell me you got prerolled in your book bag"- ..."fruit rollups?"- "wtf prerolled"-Jerm .., "Pringles?!"😂 I can't
nice work!
my watch is zebra print with some white diamonds WOOP WOOP
Conserve #water! Take shorter showers.
only 3 more semesters in ramnation...gotta step it up...last 3 chances for improvement
Thanks to all of our new followers
Better than expected
Still in the states, but heading to Zagreb fairly soon.
I really want to start a blog. But I don't want to because everyone is.
Well back to trying to use this again, sorry to our followers I suck at keeping up with this :(
I really want 2 watch that #LSU vs #Alabama gm tonite but #TBS is showing #Fletch2 at the same time.
Before this incredibly handy plumber was known throughout the world as Mario, what was he originally called?
Buy a book and get a free vegan donut from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery and a cup of fair trade coffee. It's that easy.
I like your taste in music, right on.
oh lets go paccckkkkaaaaaasssss!!!!!
Thanks ... I have friends who have worked 20+ yrs- I'm worried for them.
what bout me? :/
ha! No, she didn't. But she understands now that coffee is not just a matter of pushing a button.
Long Long lines at the Turkey Bowl- Awesome day for High School Football!!
Can't wait for these new electro/house releases we have coming out.
Right!!! I knew it was bogus!
Those that can, do. Those that can't, teach. Those that can't teach, critique.
to girl how was ya Fla trip??
Mitch Daniels looks like one of those aliens from close encounters of the 3rd kind.....
Go State and Shaun & Jennie Miller!!!
We Follow Back.
The countdown begins now... Can't wait!
It's Thursday in Augusta.
RT : Congrats to #WVU alum Mike Fulton () on his new gig with the agency.
#knicks on FIRE.
starting 3rd place today man i hope you win go kenny go get em
hey sexy what's up
Don't be known for your "things" as "things" can break. But be known for your soul as it will follow you forever.
I decided to watch latest episode of bball wives. Bad decision ... #garbage .... Royce & all that damn crying GOTS to go!
Jeremy Lin is at it again!!!
Oh no! Really??? Well either way it'll be worth the wait, but it will be painful lol
The #Yankees are the only team in the AL that's yet to give up 10+ runs in a game. The NL has 5 such teams.
doing a show with Jared Mark Smith David Moroney John Rhea this morning!
No! You are around this weekend right?
Lolla has a ton of electronic acts this year!
we don't know why it took us so long to find you, but thank goodness we're following you now!
ur right it was a bad move. I did fine though running to the race probably not the best decision.
Looking for a local farmer or two to take spent grain after brewing.
Thanks for cOMing!
Over the years, I've found Coaches resistant to changing the way they teach tackling. Executive leadership must step up and mandate change.
Learning to use my new phone
nothing much you?
#DemiOnPunkdTonight yes i am so excited to see this episode
Josh's hometown is going Kray!
Join us on May 15th for our official launch party! Free giveaways, sports activities and more! 4-7 pm at the Red Bull Soccer Arena
“: "old people click, young people like". Period. #pasummit”
Gotta feel Brewer Fever ! RT : our magic number is now 9.
Dr. Lewis says he's trying to take Florida Memorial University from good to great
haha no probelem, but for what??
Editing images, need to work on website designs, and helping with a wedding tomorrow teaching lighting...
forget sugar daddys- go for plumbers!
+ + peyote = funny as hell. And everyone was sober.
Everyone gotta break down once in a while... I'm just glad I got an amazing person to listen to all of it.
But isn't the point of a ceiling to not go past it? Why bother having one if it's gonna keep getting raised?
#YoureTheReason why my parents told me to turn off the tv, and to turn down my music!!
you can use data to fit a power-law distr. and get precisely how far off 90-9-1 for diff platform.
Beautiful picture to start off a great day! Thanks for sharing!
why at work tryna get hood like she gon pop off??? #wheretheydodatat??? Lol
Yeah, I got section 204, Row 3. Right Field Bleachers. I'll take it.
shout out 2 all my new followers welcome 2 the mindless movement !!!
Come on Cubs! I'm set free at a bar from my wife and kids for a rare treat to watch the game. At least make it interesting.
sounds good!
Well, Europe is a Swedish band. Figures that with Sweden as a host country they'd play it
Mousavi: All in Iran, cry out "Allah-o-Akbar" at 10 p.m., 11 p.m. and midnight tonight from the rooftops! #iranelection #gr88 RT Pls!
it was the best feeling ever. I just mighty try to purchase one
trunk to get tatted finite Wat to get real quick?
I make myself laugh. ;3
I don't know if I should be proud or worried that I can spot when a girl doesn't know how to put on makeup well...
I see what you did there.
I just woke
yay! What cat?
why not both? are they seeing anyone? i like attached women cause singles are clingy
Monte thanks so much for saying that. I'm sure this will get cleared up eventually.
We're just as psyched... excited & enthralled! RT : Opening night of my new piece "Sueño de mármol" Psyched!
So stoked to go see tonight, but now the problem of what to wear is on my mind....
you coming back to launch up some half court shots post game tonight?
My neighbors have 2 roosters who make racket all day! I wonder if I need a hunting permit to take them out with a BB gun?!
that's an inverted 'oh my god'.
I really hope my cigarettes aren't really transformers!!!!
My foot fell asleep, so I drew a penis on it.
wouldnt doubt im always around Portland somewhere haha
nice to meet u!
you're beautiful , I don't tire of saying it. I LOVE YOU! ♥
Great set by Squeeze on #coachellalive they were before my time...but I grew up on that band. Love their music.
what a day, what a day! Seattle, I love your schizo weather sometimes.
lol possibly glad you made it out!
but its all good tho
Thanks! Strange that we wait so long for "experiences" isn't it?
. Collaboration can make writing faster and richer. It's good for interdisciplinary thinking and diversity of perspective.
So there's these two young men who stole my heart --> Austin Mahone and Matt Hunter
Proofreading calls for dark chocolate.
Had Such A Blessed Day. #Thankful <3
Now it's NJD's turn.
hey there
Bang bang bang! I'm breaking in, stealing all my love back giving it to her.
Yeah I will show up at your party and throw on a random jacket I'm from #AnnArbor biiiiiiiatch
😒CAN I GET A DO-OVER FOR THE LAST TWO DAYS?? 😒 PLEASE AND THANK YOU!!😢
i wont even take it to that class anymore! but no at the end of the day he gave it back... barely thought!
cops r always there already. As long as its peaceful they aren't breaking any laws. Screw that
Watching a movie in mr.Corona's :{]D
The Jewish holiday Purim is celebrated today. Wish your family & friends across the country a happy Purim by recording a Qwip!
what's the weather?
#ReasonsWeLoveLouis he's hilarious, he loves carrots and has a pigeon named Kevin :)
Where will you ring in the new year?
Anyone ever used the SCImago Journal and Country Rank? Opinions?
Cannot recommend 5 year engagement because of unevenness. It's 2 movies: a 45 min awesome one & a 45 min terrible mess.
me! The line up is so great this year (:
HOW U BEEN HOMIE?
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good. ~ Anon
Finishing guitars today for the Dollface EP...
Raven and Kevin Sullivan talking is probably one of the most entertaining things ever.
FOLLOW ME:D ILY
u got one big ass.
It was sad. The Monster Kolor still looks gorgeous on them. So sparkly shiny, just ruined in spots. Harumph.
For #christmas I just like having family time no gifts needed @ all... Family is more important than gifts any day...
Most of your unhappiness is due to listening to yourself instead of God.
--> you both rule!
Everyone go follow she's close to 300 followers! Let's help her out :)
all the people in your section are black #shocker haha
Cool! RT : Save the date: On 11/30 will be experimenting with Google Hangouts as a reference tool. Stay tuned for more!
“: Have y'all muthafuckas seen The Wire? Shiiii I'd rather deal with that Wisconsin cold.” lol
Last day of the Holiday Fair, hope to see you all downtown today!
That's the exact same thing I said! ": omg so jealous. Mars Volta >>>>> Soundgarden though"
I'm not looking forward to traveling tomorrow:-((( I hope there is NO long lines.
this the best tweet i seen all year
Tall guys yumm:)
I like the thunder
#Word. RT : Deeply touched by all things spiritual and mystical
fun seeing u on the road yesterday! Isn't that the SAME spot we passed each other last time??
Kicking the week off right with another settlement appointment!
Cant get espncom at ballgame. Anyone know how big papi, j hamilton, or arod did tonight? Cc
United. There was a chemical accident that shut down the baggage sorter @ O'Hare. We waited a bit, then took off w/o 6 bags.
"It's the little things that make the big things possible." -J. Willard Marriot
Heading to Plug & Play Silicon Valley incubator (graduates include Paypal and Dropbox). Any questions you'd like me to include in mtngs?
u have a weird smile xD
Clearwire Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Thanks for coming out to the cemetery today and letting me show you the rope.
Thank you for the motivation your someone that has strong beliefs too since you believe in me.
What’s the secret to building more rewarding relationships and contacts? Start by shifting your #networking mindset from getting to giving.
I just saw when I was taking my lil sis something to rio! :D
I just want it to be the weekend so I can sleep
I really really really hate my hair.
we all are
IMHO the best part is the " You shoot first!" line.
such thing as "Grill Dimon"
You may not be in my arms and we may not known or seen each other. I have this love for you that will never fade. Now that amazes me.
403 on that image
WHOO HOO! Got my 15" MacBook Pro. The only thing I don't like so far is the screen glare, but I'll get used to it.
Feelin Good! Living Life!
less you eat healthier you are...happier you are when you learn how incredible Stella and Adam have sex in PYTHON
Dirty mouth? Clean it up, with new orbit mint mojito.
Q Orange #wines R on 's #wine list-what's paired best w & how do ur #Sommeliers sell that 2 guests?
Thanks, we might just reach out to him. You're awesome.
Best of luck on the last three weeks!!
I'm on the same pace.....
My iPhone has really bad chest pain from all of this tweet starring I'm doing.
OH OK SO WAT U WATCHING
How dare you RT : too short - Shake that monkey feat Mary Mary and Yolanda Adams
I have a "thing" for 5ft women
I had to it was damaged. One side was longer then other. It'll grow back
MEDC plans statewide bus tour to tell tech startups how it can help. Catch the tour at #WCI partner Tues, Apr 23!...
RT : A2: For SEO, participation in social networks can be a big boon. Blogging/creating fresh content also helps.
#gingerfilms Transgingers; Ginger's List; Rocky Horror Ginger Show; Do the Right Ginger; 28 Days Ginger; Jay and Silent Bob Strike Ginger
I love when people tell you that they will text you whenever they get a study group together and yet they never end up texting you
What do you do!? lol
I started a game with u
couple of them went to my high school
Just saw a friend post that they stand with walker because he gave their sister a job. I guess it's okay to cause massive layoffs then?
your so pretty <3
If you love Sherlock Holmes and haven't seen Jeremy Brett, you have some work to do. Get to it.
I'd like to nominate predictive text as the worst consumer tech invention of the modern era. STOP TRYING TO CORRECT ME P.T.
Meeting w/ 's People w/ Parkinson's Advisory Council today and tomorrow. Excited to see everyone incl.
#MSC-Conf - Software as a Service (SaaS). #eCylinder - can you imagine rekeying locks without leaving your shop, or sending out a tech?
Just drove passed the "Jeepers Creepers" truck
Baaby just left
sounds good. Be sure to watch us on Wed. at 7pm to see our BIG Prime Rib!
May the Fourth be with you, all of you!
Whew! So glad.
thanks for checking us out. If you'\re not busy this saturday, we're playing a show in sd. it'd be sick to see you.
clear penalty, no?
Can my bus maybe not be late cause I kinda have an AP to take..
RT : Ya'll Pay Win, We Play To Win mixtape/viral album coming. This will have to be on iTunes Homie
BIRDS YOU NEED TO STFU
What's up with this rain
Great Post Tami..
so now i'm so addicted to jersey shore..fml i have nothing better to do
I'll shout you out! Follow He is one of my favorite ppl to follow 😌
So they brought Meek back up, but I bet they find a way to get Jake Fox to the bigs.
What are you doing to support local businesses for #ValentinesDay? #Shoplocal, #shopsmall and help the local economy!
of course!!! Anything for you my dear!! Lol see you soon!!
GOOD MORNING FROM ME AND CAROLINE <3
Celibate flow, you can't Fuck with it. Brought for the spark, so the blunt, yea he lit it.
ok u call us!
One day. Four flights. Halfway done. Currently in L'Ville for 3 hours then heading back home
preach, precious.
Good Morning TMD'ers...its the Spurs and ....Jazz or Den in Rd 1, Cowboys talk, Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! and a whole lot more
hey!!!! You still here??
Time for socializing ! See you guys there!
Excited to see Bus Stop tonight at !
Daily quote.. “He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.” – Thomas Jefferson
I was inspired and doing great work til the coffee shop played Maroon 5.
I wish you where here
So ready for the weekend to be here already......
Do you have plans to celebrate #EarthDay this Sunday? We'd love to hear about them!
She loses her 1st boyfriend to a lie. Then she met her 2nd boyfriend who now has a kid from another relationship. Will ignacio be her 3rd?
wise man told me dnt argue wit fools ppl like u from distance cnt tell who is who
there's no way in the whole world that I missing this!!
At post-concert reception, #Lukas Foss called me and flutist James Galway up, introducing me for the 1st time as the BPO’s concertmaster.
Moving up getting life insurance!!!!
Just realized I did the music monday thing today...it's Tuesday.
After long thinking I have decided that I should host Punk'd on MTV
send 'em Graham.
You don't have to pay..?
...porky thought you bought those for him??? What's going on here.
So unmotivated to get ready..
Trying not to freak that niall's friend just favorited a tweet on my personal. Yeah.
That;s how I feel about twitter. Don't actually know anyone. I've met all my facebook friends.
what pictures I post?<---enjoy your narcissism!
I'm in Chicago, conducting a training seminar for financial planners.
Give up. Done trying. Is that what you wanted to here?
holy shoulder pads, batman!
Hahahah omg RT : Poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes.
She and I are now going to meet monthly. Loads of cool possibilities. Gonna promo too. She's awesome.
OK rant over. Fuckit. go drink and get laid or something.
I'm so offensive over my gauges.
Who wants to accompany me on a run in this magnificent weather?
Hey Miami fans...did yall know You All goy the Best NonClutch Superstar
Can't wait till august 8th! The weights are coming, oh yeah and crystal is coming home :p
I'm addicted.
your music has helped us all so much! So thank you :D your so sweet(:
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
How you been sis? Don't cut them 2 bad....lol
thank you for the
Yum! Thank you for coming out to be a part of Fashion for Compassion
yes I kno! Have u gotten tickets already?
has a bleach high....
Perfect timing on that lightning strike.... Marson scores and the sky lights up. #Tribe up 2-1 in the 5th
Check out these gracious tweeps!
Happy belated birthday! Thanks for spending it with us.
I bet you look gorge.
Went to the San Diego Natural History Museum yesterday for the #Titanic exhibit. Very cool, but no Heart of the Ocean on display ;)
whahahaha @ Bristol palin
She who has never loved, has never lived.
I've bought from both and they are equally excellent. I have not bought MMs's small drams though.
do you have the address for tomorrow's event? Can't seem to find it online ;(
where do you think ravens go in first rd? O line or lb?
Sign up w/our street team today and receive $75 in driving credit! They're posted up next to from 11am-3pm!
nothing much...how have u been?
gotta make up our mind. oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change....
appreciate your emails but I got at least 3 today!!
WORK OF ART SUPERBOWL HALFTIME FASHION SHOW THIS SUNDAY....COME WATCH DA GAME FREE FOOD AND DRINKS PRETTY MODELS IN LINGERIE! DONT MISS IT!!
Martin Mull~ Human beings are seventy percent water and with some the rest is collagen.
It sucks
The problem is whether there's anything left to be done/finding a relevant self... an inventor at heart I'm afraid.
"Buy less, Choose wisely, Make it last."
Data needs to be clean. Garbage in garbage out.
is getting her own show on MSNBC. #stoked!
Why would anyone be sedentary when they could TRAIN
Love to hear the book has been an encouragement. Believe God for the impossible. ^staff
Reboot Charlotte: Cameron Moody, DNC Senior Advisor | Charlotte News
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my loved ones to see another day...
The Siddur provides a common language of prayer for Jews at all times and places.
Yea keep it safe!Lol well packing my last bag for flordia!My flight got delayed because of storms!Bye!♥
If you have the chance to watch "By The People: The Election of Barack Obama" on HBO its a very well done documentary and worth the view
Haven't seen this much diving since the springboard nat'l chps of '03
Editing photos so I can get some new millefiori on Etsy!
no orange julius anymore.
my two favorites. <3
you guys did have the best wedding ever!!
Just read an e-newsletter from & I could have sworn he actually cares about me. That man is good.
I got one of those last xmas. It was a very efficient purchase.
good morning i mean afternoon! i got 2 get time down! :D
Jesus wants you to know Him deeper, before He leads you further.
You know what's really funny to non-Wisconsinites? When you talk about the town Chenequa.
lovinnnn your twitter profile picture❤
Is it bad that I'd rather watch the Barcelona game on tv instead of Obama speaking at my school in person?
Good Morning all.
..new a Morrison, once..could rival even the most gorgeous of men, but trey trey, TREY desola, hated a good woman..punished them for,
Goodnight everyone. Wishing everyone has sweet dreams tonight.
11,000 classrooms made of straw and Millett, the elements destroy the buildings and furniture.
I know, right? It's been too many years since I used "ceedus lapeedus" in a conversation...
no he's mr
Just saw clip of #BOYFRIENDvideo! So hot! And #BELIEVE comes out June 19!
SoCal friends! Come out for at Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill in Rancho Cucamonga at 5pm on Sun (I'll be there too!)
Jonathan Vilma: surprised that this upcoming year instead of trying to handicap others, will try to drop his own handicap on the golf course
Don't want this to tarnish his legacy, hurt him going forward (All-Star, MVP, Hall of Fame)
...i think we all forgot about the bugs that come along w/the summer
Wow it is wet this morning. Rain, rain and more rain. The rain will turn to showers later this morning and into the afternoon.
Yep, she's awesome. She should have way, way more followers!
It annoys me when people tweet song lyrics and leave words out.
I bought a bunch of stuff for kickball. Is that something?
I like that also says "goobers" ... I'm in good company!
but then again you never know cus these bitches now-a-days be driving crown vics & big 1973 tahoes and shit lol
Love the full lyrics area on Pandora.
Babysitting.. Hopefully the power doesn't go out again ! Lol ;p
rt Stamped or Stained Concrete Atlanta Ga North Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Floors Patios Driveways 770-380-5277 Instant Quote Now
I love talking to and on the phone, its like drinking a couple of social good Red Bulls.
yeah u guys could come with me !! :) idk wat time but yeah
May all your wildest dreams come true on this specialist or special days!
I was just thinking about how long we've known eachother. Holy shit, it's been close to 5 years, Kristine. Jesus christ.
Treat your money wisely as you never know how long it may be between jobs.
Hey! Tweeting! I feel like a baby bird.
well that's just ridiculous
Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it's not your fault.
I keep seeing those too...not falling for those pictures of me...I'm an Audi and look great in every photo ;)
Obsessed with all things ! Their spring collection is as would say S-I-C-K that means sick!!!!
still waiting on a follow from my mother in-law ;-)
": This plane has a propeller!!! She don't like that!"t awww hell
Out @ Andy's Tonight: Sunday Jazz Jam Session: 11 East Hubbard Street - 9pm-1am-musicians R free & vocalists welcome. GA-$10. Hope 2CU
Riding bikes down the hills of washington
Government is still main participant in the delivery service of petroleum products. - Mofe Boyo of
But he looks like a little homo monkey that shops at baby gap! Gay ass pride, you knoeee.
how's my boy and ur part time intern doin my guess is phenomenal
Countdown to something new and exciting for Dearly Departed Tours! (Hint: you can't have a crime scene without a street address.)
Day almost ruined by unexpected medical bills (nothing crazy). Day saved by the Health Savings Account I almost forgot about. Phew.
Thx to all our Ambs who chatted 2night! We had a great time! See u at the next chat party! Check our blog: Auambassadors.wordpress.com
Retweet for . . . Not reason just retweet bitch (;
they said hello and kewl wat r u doin on here
107 capper's plays posted so far and 3 college and 1 NHL consensus so far and more to follow
I finally was able to download today's show :)
Now we on rush and division and rush street...feeling good feeling great
i def will! hows the other nicole been? do you guys still talk!
One of these cars is jamming "Funky Town"
FoLT has a roving EMT available to tend festival bumps and bruises.
jc, you've got that entertaining swag.
If you haven't seen it yet, check out our friends new music video!
Do not count the lakers out of shit!!!
I was celebrating pretending to be Irish for a day with thousands of others (wearing green of course) in Chicago!
All the way!
Oh my goodness! :O That's insane... Lol :)
The Evergreen gets a lot of business from me on the Friday before the sermon.
Can't wait to play on 12/19 at IOTA in DC w/
Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood, and Taylor Swift... Thank you for singing my life stories :)
Actually it's
Awesome, look forward to having you!
#ImThatPersonWho Is Usually NEVER listening . I tune out like 96% of the time . >.<
:o share it ! Lol
Haha it was awesome! RT : I believe I just busted a move in front of and all our students. Wow!...
Terrible call. That little contact goes uncalled all the time.
Ah! The piggie!
Our loaves of bread @ Firehook Bakery are chewy and crusty with a slight tang! Mouth watering delicious!!
Weird seeing all these folks in real life who I thought only lived on listservs
SEE CHANGE is around the corner! We're in need of volunteers to help the week of the 21st. If you're available, please let us know!
I love and miss NYC in season - keep me posted! Would love to meet IRL!
When we allow ourselves to see the best in other people.. It allows us to find the best in ourselves!!...Seeing people how GOD sees people!
thank you!
Hit us up bro! We have to get you your Official #BallSoHard Gear!!!
What station?
Now that we know Apple is open to apps that "cure" what should we really cure? Ignorance? Greed? Small-mindedness? Presents great app opps!
just cause I'm up 2 holes on u, why do u have to call out my swing
AW SHIET! NIGGA YOU BEEN BEATING THE MEAT, JERKING THE TURK, CHOKING THE CHICKEN?! LMAO
not attending NCAIS innovate this year.
I will photograph that band anytime.
Can't sleep, way too psyched about #ro12 and
Agreed! Yayyy Friday!
I wanna go home now.
I'm looking at them, and I'm not impressed. Also, the labor that creates those ipods is treated very poorly.
ha! Ok, yeah. You're right.
1T is a rockstar! I had a great time with him at the #MLS w.o.r.k.s. active bodies active minds assembly by yesterday!
Excited and enjoy your "stuff"! :-)
Happy mothers day mommy (: I love u.!
what is your favorite Beastie Boys song?
Finally made it back from a week in the London airport NIGHTMARE!
Life size cardboard cut-outs of celebrities: Awesome or creepy?
Rocking it out - literally -at TEDxYouth #COSI . Amazingly inspired. Hope we have as much fun tomorrow
ok gotcha what other series do you like?
My opinion is that's a correct statement. Garnett is in the conversation. So is Barkley. But they have 1 combined ring to TD's 4.
#What2ChainzWouldSay: my name is 2chains bad bitch we do thangs she give me that great brain then I kick her out Lu Kangggg!!!!
Anticipate news typhoons, and prepare to ride the wave. Is there a hot event coming up? A concert? A sporting event? A movie? Plan a tie-in.
Do you think it's a red flag if someone you're interested in has never had a long-term relationship??
Fucking Mondays. Gonna work my ten hour shift, eat lunch at Arbie's and then I'm going to the movies.
8 days till we leave for our first tourney!
(2/2) Convince anyone who watches Fox News that Obama is anything other than a Commie Muslim who wants to destroy America
: You should've just come... everyone's so nice and great!
It's sad when your hotel room seems/is bigger than your apartment....
follow my personal account . i cant get on it right now though cause twitter is being dumb.
Im so obsessed with one direction!
European Stocks Advance; Swedbank, Electrolux Rally - BusinessWeek
must have faith my friend.
Our 1-3NLH is still action packed and has not lost any steam from last night! Only a few seats left so hurry up and come on down :o)
it would also help if there were some tunes out there for consumption, but that's not your fault
So I accidently locked my iPod with a password I wasn't paying attention to. Now I can't get into my iPod . Oops.
wins the raffle for today! Congrats & thanks to our sponsors
taking my classes online, getting my degree on my own time.
Nothing's happening.
whats up? (sorry for the late reply I kinda fell asleep ;/)
So do I!
Finding answers to questions without a registry (but with the data). Start w finding stakeholders who are most intersted
#whatcouldtopwednesday saints and members of NFC announce secession, reviving USFL
It's all happening.... 16 days till
Get ready DSM.
#Tired Wish I could've slept in a lil longer. Lol. Anyway... GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!! Hope you all have a fantastic Saturday!!!!!
and by neglecting I mean I haven't been in a tanning bed in years :-)
I'm to young to do porn. And scared :P
Best friend of mine died last night in a car accident. I'll miss you and never forget you hannah:'(
says Mary has a "tender loving ghost"
The best things in life are still sweet and gooey. Happy Easter!
I don't even know what to think anymore...
Thanks for coming!
Check out 's table - they have their own candy! There are also sweets at AirX/SDE, & UCSD tables.
Kobes performance.... so far.
Just agreed to the latest 50-something pages of iTunes terms. I may have just signed over my soul to them without reading the fine print!!!
you remember Julie Hong (RA/CA) from CMU? Her brother is debuting with KPop boyband soon.
Just bc im soft spoken doesnt mean i dont have leadership skills or authority
RT : R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you're #TeamFollowBack Follow and will follow you back INSTANTLY!
Who's Clair? Tell me more!
no effin way :P bad news : he got a new girlfuck.
If you list your top 3 favorite films, the dream film you want to make, is a mix of them - with a big dose of your own individuality.
I hope!
I havent had one of these in 5weeks, i was always with you, happy.
omg brazil hahahahaha
GO TO GOOGLE
Looking forward to your tweets. Follow us too!
dass wassup same here i'm ozzie by da way nice 2 meet u
The person must be smart, simple, fair, courageous and kind. Only then, he has the right to wear a lofty title - Man.
I can't wait for that 1v1 match-up!
Sushi is so Yummy :)
Khajida Ismaylov #ISOCDC roundtable on corruption. Azeri President's family created shell company, AzeriPhone, which won cellphone contract
I thought he said jobber and I was right!
The Voice coach and Good Charlotte's Joel Madden part of Song Summit 2012 at ... - The Daily Telegraph
:) thx but sticking w/LIS MT :Notetaker Andrea at #iDigBio is so fast she could digitize everything singlehandedly in 10 yrs
I have a friend who has become a Words With Friends hermit. Won't accept a game from anyone.
WHAT DID YOU GET ON THE EXAM?!
HEY THERE SQUEAKY ASS! RT : Kewl Tweet Johnny B =) Happy Mamasita to u too friend :p lol
I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused. How are personal brands bad?
love this!
Awh not anymore doe.
I've been engaging in all of the internal grappling & stock taking that one engages in before launching something new.
When I grow up I wanna be just like
Rough way to start the week
Hahaha ... Not so sure, my friend.
Rick Pitino~ When you build bridges you can keep crossing them.
Off to Ithaca to see Cornell on stop #2 of the What College Will He Pick Tour
yea I think so I bruised my collar bone and I read up on it, and it said it usually takes 1-2 weeks 😔
No playoffs this year, another failed season. Where does this team go from here? They aren't close!
Math is awesome when is here
Rihanna is a spooky looking bitch.
bad a** tweets! Renewed interest in tweeters and twitterverse. Is it bad the 1st thing I checked was ?
Chill? I think so!
@ AAlcondez >>> My Pleasure as well...
do you man and make moves that matter. Coolest Canadian out there.
have a good night!
now yanksvsorioles l
The financial services industry is full of social misfits - Newsflash - You make money by selling things not managing money.
Just what Planned Parenthood needs, being associated with a internet dude fight over a poster encouraging people to "Make Mistakes".
Please follow the new site for video games. It's called
No call no text wow.
Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging. -Hank Aaron
Happy Birthday then.
Thanks! Hopefully it'll be of good use. :) ^dr
didn't even tell us he was going home he just left
Our youth start with a conversation, say they're students working on a project, and often have success. Self-confidence is key!
Los Angeles: How do prepare your voice for a performance or presentation? How do you care for your voice afterwards? Share your tips!
A good,low protein snack is a few slices of baked chicken but skip the skin.
Content management course + #MCDM = ? Inquiring Content Strategists want to know...
thank you!
Haha! : Watching #discovery fly over Capitol with House staff. If your boss is against NASA funding you should have to stay inside.
Be healthy and positive, have faith and see your greatness
Why is it that when I have lots of time, I have no writing ideas, and when I have so little time, ideas are everywhere? GRR!!!
Checking out & watermarking the #TechKaraoke #SXSW pics. Wow, you guys re are SEXY crowd! They will be up SOON!
. oh! Please please! I can't wait :D
Things we can learn from the Book of Daniel. Decide in advance to have purity and integrity in your work.
That's the figures I would love to see. I admit I am totally working without tools. Maybe soon the price would be much lower ;-)
Had a wonderful time in ATL at my family reunion!
Very successful day :)
#teamlesbian Hi my name is Bert. I'm a real person contacting you. And I tell you this bc I'm trying to promote my film, "3rd Wheel"
My hair needs to be out for the Drake Concert
What're you planning this weekend? We've got some great live music and the hottest DJ's to keep you dancing all night!
| Thanks for the follow! Let's connect!
Did you know? "If you put God first, He will never put you second" Don't be so busy that you don't have a quiet time to pray everyday.
Sounds awesome...best of luck!
We're in Hershey, PA this week, alongside the folks at CSIU. Stop by Booth 325 to say hi!
Very strange. Florence is serviceable and can be a good nickel corner for a team that needs help. Could start in a pinch too
when are u putting another project out lord knows i would love to work with you.
yeah I remember that video I thought that was like promo for the single
Yes!! “ Last but not least, thanks for sharing your story! Preciate you! ”
i'am a blonde
Thanks Don!
The one I have is a bit larger, serrated, with a forked end for coring/hulling. Great for strawberries, among other things.
Hi, Thanks fo the follow! I am an entrepreneur, making legal-themed chess sets. I'm an English prof by day! Nice to meet u!!!
girl I'm gonna miss you :((( !!!!! Will you still be at games and stuff ??
Why was Joe fired but others put on leave? Erickson says because Curley and Schultz haven't had day in court.
Another miss. RT “: #Grammys left Cesaria Evora off the memorial. #FAIL Shame on you.” | Sure did
You bet
“: have a good time kids” thanks BT, wish you were here with us.
Where the hell is I need to know if she's wants to go running at 4
Tweet to the FACE!!!!!
#WordPress #Tools Codebox – Creates a side scrolling box for displaying code snippets.
Thank you Steve for a great review!
please let that girl be me .
RT : Danu' last night at Popejoy: a shout of Whoo-hoo for a great show!
you are the bestest ever!!!
as ready as you are:) -- even if Congress/state leg is in single digits....people like their own congressmen/legislator
Social media & sports
Make sure to get out and follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!
are siginificant others and drupalgangers welcome tonight at Fairfield Halls?
u going to the chi?
How old you be now?
Just finished the final season of The Wonder Years on netflix. My life is better from watching that show.
RT : Get a free signed Nick Barnett jersey... Just retweet this and be ready to answer trivia question Tom morning!!
Thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend as well.
that's a bathroom its a spa lol
since I don't know every statistic of the Lakers whom I'm a die hard Fam of, he calls me a fake fan...lls
Mirko Pasta- Toco Hills Thank you to the over 2,000 wonderful Emory students who showed up to experience made from scratch Italian
"Save a Horse, Ride a Tampon"
#NFL Draft!
Laundry for a month. Forced to carry teams gear when broadcaster goes top shelf next year
Morning cardio...check! Barre at tonight with
he did indeed. She is still pursuing this singing career, eh?
them scream at me for ever then here them say they're ashamed of me..... I have no fucking choice.
Shout out to and for awesome work at
$1 he dies tonight because you put him into shock... 😝
Comprehension and retention are at least 50% higher for video than live presentation
thank you your story is amazing and we had to share it with our youth and the youth in DC who we take our gallery too.
Long lashes don't care <3
All of our GW paints are 10% off if you do NOT have a discount. If you do add another 5% to it!
Xavier just texted me ugh yes so happy. <333
it's ok. Schools gounna get better.
You don't know you're beautiful.... That's what makes you beautiful....
Friends with benefits??
It certainly is not too soon!
You know you are an adult/super sick when you don't mind the taste of cough syrup and are looking forward to your next dose.
Thank you! :)
Wheels up ATL to DCA.... See everyone shortly.
great idea!
Switching it up tonight. Gonna use my husband's toothbrush!
on my way to Boston now but I will be back in the city on Sunday
The Internet, in other words.
who's djing the velvet room for sunday ?
": When girls curse #TurnOff" Who the fuck caress ;)
It's hot is ATL but it is kool under this tree 💨💨💨breezy
so much disaster research focuses on planning and mitigation but overlooks the human side of preparedness and recovery
how come when I check in to the exact same thing as on of my friends, I don't get the same sticker (specific KY Derby)
- Thanks so much Inktel Direct! The team is thrilled to win the Innovation Grant...
La La
I'm going out to dinner then I'm going to dance! Yay! :]
": With these Aguilarssssss ."
I put it on my calendar for Sat of Memorial Day wknd. Right?
Agreed, Cafeteria table tents shall be added to my checklist.
West Room!
What happened?
Oops. Rainy? Did I say rainy? Hello sunshine!
we love you & where you go we'll follow. Portland, Seattle, Denver, heck we'll even go to Chicago for you Matt
Pooped!! Someone wanna hang tonight??
Oh that's lovely.
Good morning Tampa Bay!! Have a beautiful day everyone :)
Knock KnockWho's there !Borg !Borg who ?Borg standard !
To my family & friends on the East Coast. Take care and please be safe. XoXoXo.
Hope everybody is enjoying our own 's #smwwdc panel. Packed house at Living Social HQ!
MY MADONNA SONG IS ON!
Free pancakes>>>studying
The Mermaid Inn on the Upper West Side...love it! Great oysters, mustard-crusted trout, Bordeaux Blanc, and chocolate pudding..yum!
how were you offline for 3 days?? I can't seem to manage that at all!
I played 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
imagine Samantha replying to teen, texted, questions about sex?
#edshow fans, great show today, grats to all who were featured on the show. We #followback So
Lake Oswego golf Good Luck today at Oregon GC - will catch u guys on back 9...
I keep getting the "throttled" message telling me to check back later. How much later?
#TAURUS Text me to book your FREE BIRTHDAY PARTY any Friday this upcoming month! 414.335.9569 HBD
I can't do this anymore.
I'm a basketball junkie.
I just laughed at a Jay Leno joke.
Hello Mike - can you send a link to the Milwaukee Makerspace? I would like to visit and check it out. Thanks!
RT : How do you know a politician is Tweeting? Their aides fingers are moving.
Family Night is Starting Right Now! Get a FREE 4ct. Nuggets Meal with an Adult Meal Purchase until 8pm.
Time to meditate and get in touch w my inner maverick to guide me.
In front of the library on kirkwood.
Tobe - Are you prepared to make the leap from customer service to customer experience?
very. Too bad moving sucks so bad!
Currently working on putting the Tiger Lily proposal together. Hang tight and we will tell you more in a couple of weeks.
Leaving Justin for anyone is a down grade. Sorry..but it is.. You can't get any better then Justin Drew Bieber.
I think you misunderstood the meaning of that phrase.... Or you understand it perfectly!
#sxsw Okerville River kicking off. A Amazing sound. Cave Singers were super just prior. F R E !
Regular ones or ones designed for filming?
Izakaya Den. Delicious! 1518 S. Pearl
And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!
Lol I kno but I'm always calm bout things
They may not make it passed Boston now.
we have the best fans ever.
Working on a paper on televangelism and affect- had to watch a Joel Osteen video and feel slightly ill now.
David Peel Sang Once for Lennon, Now for Occupy Wall Street
I love wifi on the train.
i'm gonna be dragging myself to school today.
My boys won their game and are now 1 - 1. Syracuse won their first game and are 1 - 0. GOOD TIMES !
I spotted some superheroes today!
love that you're getting the word out about !
Let me tell ya somethin babe!
Yay! : Lets go together V! RT : I need to check out your Pilates Plus Pacific Beach Studio ASAP!
Its never to late to chase a dream
They are cute little piglets! Thanks.
Thank you for coming to my party :)
I swear I attract MILF'S these older ladies gonna have a heart attack fucking with me LBVS
will do, thanks.
congratulations on UW job (did my BS there), great school & dept that will be better w you! Look forward to collaborating!
Thanks for the follow Nick. Maybe we'll celebrate a victory at one of your venues!
Watching a #FenwayPark documentary which is unreal! Gotta see a game there soon...
woof. Gatorade = worst chase
Cool! I'll see you at Chano's around 12:30p then. You know where it is, yes? I'll be one of the teacup humans.
just installed last week -- loving it!
Tha BOOGER in Steve Blake nose <<<<
Thanks for the post!!! You rock
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 9
Why am i cryingg for someone who doesn't even know i exist? :'c <|3
Saw a guy get off his bike, put on a kilt, take off his shorts, put on new shorts & take off his kilt. Not sure if I'm impressed or offended
Good Morning world
thanks I will!
hey girl - you got plans tomorrow? want to come on that Embassy Tour with me?
Hoping to get fabric today for the quilt along I am going to participate in. So excited. Thinking fourth of july colors.
is it weird to anyone else that we communicate with group project partners over email, but don't even say hi in class?
Delicious, of course. Damn you, with your good, delicious ideas!
maybe you like it in forever 21 or something at millcreek
Fuck love because everytime I put my heart out there it gets stomped on.
16th Amend, great - did they rule it a direct or indirect tax?
GIRL IT STARTED WIT MS.LISA DEN I WROTE ON HER WALL FROM QUAN PAGE CUS WE AINT FRIENDS GIRL DA BITCH WAS POPPIN LIKE A 'G'
Love it. Sending you a DM now.
correction: *kissing* Friday flush on the lips. thanks autocorrect.
I definitely meant Thursday.
I saw the most ratchet ass bitch when I was on the bus yo
cool, lets meet for coffee sometime.
That's how they do it down south. My Granny is always "Ms. Zelma."
Counting Crows about to play to an awful lot of people Filming for HD Net
All packed up and ready to get out of Holbrook, AZ and into the field. Getting ice - out of blocks means 2 days of cold vs 4.
love you too
thanks! And thanks for spreading the word!
Will Tim Thomas show up in the All Star Game? After all, Ottawa is the nation's Capitol.
RT Pretty sure I'm gonna go to pizza hut buffet....by myself #theusual // Like a champ!
I stayed home my nigga >:O & do you want me to take the thing tomorrow?
is reviewing the article that is going to make its way to the press shortly :-) Can't wait to share!
nothing was as bad as seeing 's show.
"When it comes to food, cheap is overrated" says Amen! Used in small amounts, even the most expensive salt is a great value
Show This Afternoon. 😓😖
Very cool. I think I'm going on the 13th, but I live in Las Vegas, so I hope it does a long run and I can go often.
new taco place - El Chilito on Manor. Great stuff!
your right that's why there's manny in corners shit
Big thank you to everyone who supported Poshcupcakez this weekend! I am so appreciative! <3 <3 <3
WTH!!?? Ntelos is underneath USC and they have the iPhone and USC doesn't come on USC get the iPhone!
Yeah. He was an icon. He introduced gamelan to America. He is a legend to the public, and a hero to his family. <3
If y'all can get to Snooze for breakfast one day you will have a happy tummy.
I wish the sun would never go down & that it stays the same it is right now forever 
not make it obvious at all.
oh really? Interesting how different everything is in different places in the world, lol. My lovely S I'm leaving now+
Considering tweeting a short story or poem from our site, 140 characters at a time. Good idea? Like a micro-book club :)
6 miles and some lifting
Mob Wives Time
I am so frikin excited for summer 2k12.
two days til the Tony Awards, three days til the Gala, four days til my birthday. i'm starting to get excited!
Your kitchen is the heart of your home. We can help keep your home's heart pumping for many years to come! www.cabinetconnect.net
I truly appreciate that!
I got an email from my bff with the following subject line and no content: FEELING SHEARWATER. Love this girl.
at work
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
keep it up! thanks!
Truth RT : Google's 'the web is what you make of it' tv ads are the new Hallmark ads. I'm always tearing up.
MAP and Sunny, though I guess MAP is for probes
#091393 -if you're still doing them
Silly #Syracuse, in this game you're only supposed to shoot threes.
Wrote another new song in class today...this is a habit now oh jeez.
Time off? Isn't that called death?
Omg! Michael Weatherly on #TheTalk is hilarious!
We want them to be succesfull but at the same time, we want them to be our little secret
yayyyy! Text me back :D
no problem :] and sure thing
Someone in the Willy St. Coop is rocking a copious amt of what smells to be Malibu Musk! I wanna be disgusted,but instead I'm nostalgic.
“: missing you! Got a good game planned!” - if we got +1's this year fraker would be mine.
Photoshoot at the shop for new flyers and ads...photos by nuvi
Took 15 minutes out of my busy day and played my guitar, wrote a country song :-)
Four hours of sleep! Honk! Busy season has officially begun.
Q: Remote monitoring raising level of care outside of hospital itself?
I'm in derby till 12 so should be there for 1pm? What's your postcode?
Have cable, there's nothing to watch.
Mean!! #Glee <333 :D
G'nite Kathy....have a wonderful week!
it's my birthday but my mom is shopping for HER. um rude?
Me and my auxillary office........
#FCdish love you too!
Excellence in Cookbooks (2012 KPP Awards) | Hawaii Book Blog
I'm so sick of being alone
G Live 'brought to you by blackberry' come on ESPN, it's not 2008 anymore, who uses 'berries?
Just finished the .5oz Oaxaca. Got a "library" of 9 different flavors. Looking forward to the Woolloomooloo Bar.
what's up stranger
I guess me being the "nice guy" I get looked ova.. #goodguyfinshedlast again!! Smh..
Want to rewatch SECRET OF KELLS and blog about it. Can't till after midterms, sad day....
Welcome to the world of Penn State alumni. Your Scepter of High-Mindedness is in the mail.
@ All PS3 Fanatics looking foward to more members..
Oh yeah, only you would relizee dat, and he said hey. Btww . only 2 people know about that don't
To find the rainbow in every storm ya gotta believe
RIP parsley plant, our puppy's first victim. Still pretty sure she's generally gifted, tho.
The #Bruins have had some chances, still not good on the PP. Joe Corvo still scares me on defense. Need to score 1st
haha that's awesome. Good find Mark!
They've converged the art of music, sound, color, movement into one artistic performance, which is unusual.
Enjoying Scott Wolves's short crime diction, "Controlled Burn." Upstate Vermont noir.
have a great day Nick 😘😁
So I figure I will marry the $$$$$$$
are you?? Maybe ill see you!!
Nothing is impossible.
Good lesson there!
Annoyed by liers
Just checking. 2-time Oscar nom Viola Davis has 1 film in development on page. Jennifer Aniston has 5.
lol yes. I have always loved food.
thanks for watching fam, we really appreciate the support.
Good morning! This is the first Monday I've worked since 2009. I think it's gonna be a good one. -sw
awk last minute decision to go to prom, i have 3 days to get a tux, ticket & someone to cover my shift @ work before sat. Challenge Accepted
I had one week to get away from everything back home in ohio. And one week just wasn't enough.
wish u cud be here now cuz Tasha's here!
<3 I'd trade my soul for a wish*Pennies and dimes for a kiss*I wasn't looking for this*But now you're in my way <3
Killing it at jeopardy!
Jeez, this challenge took forever. Mike Carry would have had this mess sorted out by now.
The Dorito Taco Bell taco comes out today. We have band practice.
Surely that's not about me. SURELY!
Business cards ,posters, stickers, magnets, shirts and a few things more for the show on june 2 coming verry soon and fast !!! Yeah dat
Happy birthday ! See you june 9th <3
i'll text you later... loves ya
I can`t stand the rain Against my window Bringing back sweet memories
Pilates Plus client finished the San Diego Half in 2:35 wearing her "Vibram 5 Fingers"..nice job Laura
"Sleep Walking Diaries" video shot this weekend. "Dangerous Roses" in progress. New music is on its way!
Thx Jim. I see you have a Nascar column? RT : “: Appreciate having on the show tonight.". Good show!
Please let it rain
Less than eights hours until the weekend!!!!! Woot.
HOLY MOTHER SWEETCHEEKS KSMSJXIIEBSBXJODBSBSBJD MOTHA OF SJXJHSVSHXJSICJDIS! THE BOYS SHARING OUR AIR IN ONE WEEK AGAIN!!!!!
yes...I have training next week so I'm busy writing new power point presentations and tests....how are you?
School is pointless! English: We speak it, History: Get over it!, Math: We have calculators, Spanish: We have DORA!
. thanks! it's #DiningOutForLife with a portion of proceeds going to - thx for your support!
Welcome to Mizzou! Beyond excited that you are a Tiger!
I was all up-to-date, not blaming, just seeing what other people like. Love WP.
Thanks 4 sharing
From the book "Peripheral Vision:" "It isn't that they can't see the solution. It is that they can't see the problem." - G.K. Chesterton
Thanks for the DM. Check out our website for Actor Headshots or PostCards www.HeadshotRepros.com or call w/questions 212-997-1800
"You're the boss daddy" *whispers*
what you do today makes who you are tomarrow.
My feelings exactly
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are. - Roy Disney
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Black Bean Soup I 4.07 / 5 Stars | 11 Reviews by Corwynn Darkholme "This is chilled soup is made by pureeing c
Working at Wix Lounge with Pando interns, post Chipotle burritos. Thinking about the possibility of corporate sponsorships!
Clapping from home, thanx for the great info!
punk goes pop vol. 3 november second?! that came outta nowhere. sweet!
Monday's are Mondays. Also come on out to our show on Thursday at three kings tavern! Well be doing a little acoustic show!
Ahh Gotta Get Out Of Twitter D; NO gonna go to Math Now >:(
I still can't change my default :(
the show starts at 8pm and we play 2nd. Really good bands and DJ. Let us know!
All four players are seniors. Rodgers is technically the No. 1 seed ahead of Boomgarden.
Do I need to get you two a hotel room, a bottle of champagne and a tube of astroglide?
What class? RT : Can't believe I am excited to start summer school at the end of this month
Just like that, two BigTen teams were eliminated (Wisconsin & Michigan St). Here's hoping Ohio State fares better tonight.
I now have air conditioning in my car!!!
where's that? #bullittcounty here
I'm in sales, so I'm already working on converting him!
Congratulations on the hiring of Jim Heaney as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
You are so funny! I absolutely love the show! :)
Let me see that tootsie roll!
it's really not hating he is not a real warrior
hey bunnies Dolores is hopping
Former President + #Nobel laureate Gorbachev: "Our generation will step aside 1 day, our task is to hand over the task of peace to next gen"
I'm in.....Go Team Blake!
"I used to love Doggy Chow, too!" [Touch chips together] #WhereYouDanceAtDarlin?
One of the 23 flavors of Dr.Pepper is carrot...
Today's schedule is full we don't have any available appointments. Time still available Wednesday & Thursday.
Best of luck to you!
But this one part scared emma and i. It was really funny cause we curled up into a fricken ball.
Psychological fact: The person you can't take your mind off every now and then is the same person who secretly thinks of you always.
What I decide to think about my future determines how I feel about myself today. It is all up to me. I respond to everything with love.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
Excited for the Baltimore Running Festival tomorrow!
Sun poisoning ;(.... 1 hour of sun... ugh
These pictures all make me feel pretty weird!!
at the garden gates! Fantastic!
Watching the Great Buck Howard, great so far...
like what? And don't let it get the best of you
"Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, The things you are, the things you never want to lose."
awesome!! Thanks!
RT : Getting homesick...I miss bluegrass, a good hike, views of the mountains and so much more./maybe a compromise to KY :)
Msnbc should grow a pair and expose that video of Hannity using crack along with his "fox and friends".
Yup, I bought an ipad. Super excited!
about to pull a jr high move... All my shit is about to be stuffed into a closet. I refuse to really clean, I'm all about appearances.
At c2e2 ... Feeling Extra Normal.
thanks guys!!!
I'm one of the cool kids...I met Carrie Brownstein tonight.
The lunatics..er..Wikipedians..have taken over the asylum.
Thanks for the follow!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you call ya lover another persons name O_O
I'm in Texas.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley :)
So i'm learning to play guitar, and I'd almost given up, the song Remnants off Asylum inspired me to keep at it. Thank you!!
Identify lawful termination and potential legal problems dealing with employee termination.
Why are dogs noses always wet?
RT : Books of the Week: "The Divorced Lady's Companion to Living in Italy" by &
Would that be an argument for regulation?
It's FRIDAY! Hope it's "Terrible". www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Landon from a walk to remember. ❤
Facebook seems to be down 'for required maintenance'. On a Sunday?
u need another follower to get rid of that 6666 lol
Happy turkey day! See everyone for tomorrow's sale!
maybe he is just trying to assert his independence, like when you try to cuddle a 10 year old :)
damn 4real mane shit what u gone do
If R-Money is smart he'd make Ron Paul his VP.
A walkoff walk would've been a more fitting end to this road trip. The single was bad too, though.
the puppy is a handful but he is only 10 weeks old. Actually Spidey is bigger than him. I keep special Spidey time each day.
Stevens-sovereignty does not imply that the world recognizes native people as independent nations. ISHS symposium
YAAAAAAAYY!!! Our friend David just donated $10!!! With less than 2 hours left, has attained the status of Fun Friend!!
Fun fact: Mitt Romney attended Cransbrook Academy in Bloomfield Hills, Mich. Same institution as Papa Doc of the Free World clique in 8 Mile
I did not change out of my pajamas today. And I feel pretty good about it.
I just did, Hon! I hope you would check out my page on facebook too. :)
Not a surprise, that's why I don't criticize the reffs in any of my columns. RT : Roger Goodell. Crazy, huh?
Also, apparently no one else tweeting this session.
Less than an hour until we release a little treat for you all to enjoy! 10 PM be here!!!
WYR... have to kneel a giant in the balls every time you eat, OR speak only in Cockney rhyming slang.
On the train enroute to the Clinton Global Initative in NY. I love the train gives you time to think. Think? Really? Try it
bruins I LOVE YOUU!
shout out to
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs. ~Charles Dickens
girl u are the shit! You have the best body I've seen in a while or maybe ever!! Please follow back, would love 2 talk!
I always have the funniest conversations after midnight...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 271
Love is all you need.....and ONE DIRECTION!
You have no clue how excited I am to get a free box of Trident gum from
Wow. Having to switch sports for the heckle (and no Cornell connection!). Desperation.
#onethingivelearnedrecently Live your life wisely, not cautiously.
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhenTextingYou When ur job gonna stop taking u away!
true story
let's get a few Grammy's... Yea I said it a few GRAMMY'S...
Beauty is a charm #sexyness!
Come experience shopping at its best! Shop Midwest- Including Live performance of several bands. 12 P.M. – 5 P.M. 7 P.M. RUNWAY SHOWS BEGIN
Being a girl for once and getting my nails and toes done 💅
HAPPY BIRFDAY WE LOVE YOU!!! <333333
Have safe trip!
I need to get sum sleep, holla at me
City and SDPD had facts wrong on CUP re Type 20 license. Place was not going to be a mini mart like atty for applicant said it was.
the bat call worked! great success!
Headed to ! Gonna hear some excellent musicians and play a couple songs too.
what are everyones top 3 suggestions they would tell a beginner just strarting out in day trading???
I legit would do it. Idk I'm screwed up in the head but if I had the chance I would actually be hitler for a day
Shut up and take my money!!!
Nothing alleviates suffering like reaching out to another person who is suffering.
do you still remember us? The mahomies who have been by your side since the beginning of 2011? I miss you...
-- thanks for buying the BigOven iPad app! May be our first purchaser, seeing as the device isn't out yet ideas?
RT "On the forf of thuhlie". Yeah, that's it.
awesome! I'll message you my number so we can figure something out!
It's so good. Admit it! RT : Watch out is breaking out in song during the break
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
#SomewhereintheHood Gearing up for the 1st of the month.
what's wrong?
Yep. That isn't Berry that's Inky ;)
Give comfort to someone today. Help those who are oppressed by others.
65 is cold!! Feeling like a Floridian. Next, i'll stop using my turn signal and start crossing the street when I feel like it.
Just because you can't twerk doesn't mean that I can't enjoy doing it, hoe.
I like sparkly.
"times r gettin hard,but just believe me girl someday I'll pay the bills w this guitar..we'll have it good..have the life we knew we would"
Welcome back to the cellar.
Y'all, SECO 2010 pre-registration incentives end Thurday - we're also giving away 25 door prizes to pre-registrants too!
I got spunk all over my stripey shirt
For so long ive been scared to look at my grades and now i see that im acutally passing! ^-^
Congrats JC! MT GMR's will be presenting to ’s MBA program this morning on soccer and global
If an actor "hates" auditioning, he's not going to get many auditions. No matter how many times he submits. You gotta love the process.
hey that sounds like a plan. RT : Starting the day off with 6 GALLONS of Salted Oreo. Come get a scoop to-go b4 the game!
Gmorning world minus the hangover thank god I stayed home. Time to ride and be a foreman at the malibu house.
grateful to have stumbled upon the musical talents of + while w/ this wknd!
oh CRAP wut is that?! i turned it on and saw it and i literally jumped! lmao!
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she can shave her head and still look like a woman.
#Cheers BH Homebrew Judges! Chief justice Marty Nachel ,Mike Miller , Bob McDermott
Aw, next time for sure!!! Had a blast, I can't wait to hang out with you again! :D
Love is a many splendored thing. It's also high in cholesterol.
Be our first customer review please, pretty please! ;)
Really such a thought provoking question for me RT : Would you rather have a repin, like or comment on pinterest?
great insight in this article
not at sears I guess hahah I need to learn how to do this stuff myself!
WHAT's NEXT ?????? Bashful SPHINCTER SYNDROME ???? Bashful......ah, I'll stop right there.... : )
Sick find!
I'll be there!
Oh too late.
“: loves you....! Final product perfectly reflects your great collection. xoxox” thanks! it means a lot coming from you!
HIPHOP NEEDED THIS ALBUM! REALEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR? ID SAY! FUCK THAT, REALEST ALBUM IN A WHILE!
on the way to the lab...workin on the key 2 success volume 2.......free my dawg jamesjo
You know who I feel bad for? Adele's ex-bf. Sure, I bet he was a jerk. But does he deserve worldwide humiliation. Forever?
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
i wish they would! the part i don't understand is how they know so much about this operation: no prevention?!
I would call that progress. Sorry you are still down an ear.
Cheers to peein'
Hooker's a complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan #CivilWar $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
The all star race is going to be awesome and GO JR. Hwating!!!!
2NITE! PAUL OAKENFOLD & Body Painting @ RAIN in The Palms COMP ENTRY! Ladies FREE/Men reduced. Say yr on "Sheila's Guestlist" @ Sunset Tan!
i know! we will actually be able to taste the food.
RT - Join us in 15 minutes to see perform on the #VerizonStage!
Sexy Celebrity Legs: Guess Who! (PHOTOS) Check out those gorgeous gams! Think you know which celebrity boarded a private jet Thursday to
Don't miss the meteor showers tonight should be awesome;)
I think everyone's watchin to see if somethins gonna happen today....
Now I'm all neck!!! Thanks a lot.
On what planet is it ok to microwave fish/shrimp in the office microwave?!?
Mardel is the Christian fiction addict's crack house!
Test post from HubSpot.
I bet senses was full of 18 yr olds 😂😂😂
Yay for 74 peeps in attendance tonight!!!
1 month & 3 days till i go to #ITALIA :D
hey maybe you can make some money off of that.
stuck up pricks only use #realtalk REALTALK
Hiking was amazing today! Thanks Doan and Gideon!
YES. also: i watched the avengers right before. I may not be sleeping until sunday :)
the first part was about my grandpop...he died...the second part was about a friend who got into a wreck and lived
Morning tweet faces:*..
Productive day now relaxin with my tway
oh Patrick Mills having another good night
yeah that's what I was thinking!!!
The beauty of virtual tasting...do it when you can and post when you want ;)
sat sept 24 my bday party going down @ club 241 in bx 4637 White plains rd. Mention it for me please and thanks. :-)
Eves Bayou tne movie is good
Wondering how I should decorate my room...I finally have a bed though! #BabySteps c:
is new on twitter so help me out and follow me
Seems the flurries were everywhere but Calvert Street! Or I just sit too far from the window.
#supportlocalmusic Live random tracks. Requests welcome. Stop by. You know where.
what is the name of you and JWows spin-off show? And when does it start? Grr too many qa's in one tweet sorry
major thinking!!!!!!!!!!!! goin on rite bout now
Now on tap: Censored & Luck 13, Ovila, Grand Saison, Julian Hard Cider & more! #Craft Beer
I really love the band The Head and The Heart :)
Went too far, got a tad carried away and ya left me.
If it stands, is that catch better than David Tyree? WOW
chilling at 's crib
Woosah. Breathe in. Breathe out.
RT : There is light! The Denver Post just recorded 4 straight quarterly profits.
Yes. Yes it should. RT Just found out it's
#smx The critical marketing indeed heretofore 10.9 effective rocket science facebook yea. This girl should work for NASA!
Atlanta does have some great venues. Who are you going to see live?
12 hour drive in the rain? Let's hope not.
GO BRUINS!!!!
aye bro hit me up ASAP
Always a mystery when u find random hairs that aren't yours in your bathroom
Your a talentless hack
.. and Andrew W Mellon Professor of Humanities at Boston College.
you go girl!!
Hyflex course design
I need to talk to someone really bad. But someone that doesnt live in my state. Ugh
madonna needs to either a) hide, or b) die.
thank you :)
“Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.” Erich Fromm
- great job this year, enjoy the summer...you sure love that blue line drop pass on the PP!
Um, I believe it will...
Tell me how the f-ck we supposed to stay friends, When you got a bunch of feelings that you don’t show....
Why does it always feel like there are never enough hours in the day??
I think it May rain on me.
Josh Hamilton--insanity!
#customerengeagement The most profitable customers have strong emotional connections w/ a brand. It's not just relevance/utility.
I'm not sorry I don't like your music.
ok, thanks!!
having such trouble finding wedges........
I'm so blessed and grateful to be able to take care my chipped windshield.
YOURE SO PRETTY, OMG TRADE FACES WITH ME.OMFG
yay! that means we can play all day!!:D
The boys dressing room is on the sixth floor. The stage is on one. I smell a missed entrance at #PipeDream :)
"I'm on 150 Milligrams of Meth and I'm here for all your money" "Sorry dude, I'm on the phone"
If you want someone to keep his secret, start with yourself
like up the butt, sensative, rainbow flag gay
lmfaooo you do too so im not the only one and mine is idek lol
Getting a congratulation ballroom from your friend lol omg
Thanks! RT : RT : Video! Whistleblower claims continue to skyrocket! Mitigate whistleblower risks today:...
Ah, memories.
#Romney will take credit for anything including the killing of bin Laden. Nothing is too shameful for #Romney to have a spin on
Damn Mick Hucknall Simply Red singing STAY WITH ME with the FACES on R&R HOF show - Rocks
OMQ LETS BE 7 AND BE COPY CATS. #imcuteright ?
haha go for it mama
The rangers could be better than the mud dogs were in the second half of the bourbon bowl
busted! no excuses here. might as well lock us up
Pick up your FREE small Premium Roast Coffee from Mcdonalds before it ends Nov 20! ^Eugene, PDX area only
you ok?
Come into the tasting room and mention "Twitter Sale" and get 20% off your purchase. Today Only! Open 12-6pm. Happy New Year!!!
I despise PHX... how the f*ck is this game tied.
hey brittney! its thomas leathers&hannah frm wildlife eco. we miss u!! hope europe is sweet! do u hve wildlife ch 1&2 NOTES?
"None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free" - Johann Wolfgang Van Goethe (1749/1832)
Never shoot up in the air, when you're standing under it. -Woody Allen
"As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it."
Writing a essay in the clouds... I'm bad. 😁
What's life without a little challenge?
Cant wait for that to die down
me and my buffalo SABRES are gonna win the stanley cup ya ya ya!
Yay I got the job
|~-.-+ SATURDAY....CLUB MATRIX...SATURDAY...MATRIX...PARTY..SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I say "Fuck You" in the form of love!
Game time less then 10 minutes away can't wait
At work
lol as I add it to my amazon cart of 6 other books.... did you listen to this bookworm show? she's so amazing.
yeah, you gotta do some MAJOR tummy work outs though! the outfits are bangin though, aye ! haha
Well done, Rex.
We’ll be talking about endangered lists as an awareness tool – since that’s our 11 Most Endangered announcement day.
Thanks for following Dawn :D xoxo
Aw :( I'm a size 8. They're amazing! Xx
Josh Horton will add depth to 3rd base. Just wait and see.
he did follow me and i didnt even know it
#20ThingsAboutMe 2.) My best friend in the whole world is <3
Wow, amazing. I was there from age 3 to 23 so had an adolescence or two myself...
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
Minor? I'm at work and I passionately lip-synced to this masterpiece. No fucks given.
Could I please have a beta invite code? Thanks!!
Aw... thanks! Love you. Super easy to make. Another super easy dish going up. BTW - love the new KiKi photos! She's a natural!
#FPRA media panel today. Good advice from - If you don't tell your story, someone else will.
#ImThatPersonWho still quotes from The Princess Bride and Spaceballs.
um url please omg
did you eat something yet *christina the cuban*
"Susanah"? Man ive been spelling my name wrong all my life...
Early Sunday Morning recording session at the Jacks'...a gift.
Thanks Alan for the plug.
RT : Any web developers out there? I need one asap.>
I'm happy to distract! And BTW my pitch is improving! My coach told me so yesterday...3 weeks and counting, ya heard??
I want
"Post news and tips for a variety." A variety of what?
When do clocks die?When their time is up.
Need a break from cyber shopping? Happy Hour tonight 5-7
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
can feel it in the air .
I think im losing weight shut i better not lose none of my ass
Who knew? Ultimate super-secret In-N-Out Burgers! (Thanks !)
RT “: What's the difference between walking up the street and down the street? What If I'm walking along side it? #deepthought"
Love when people fall asleep on me
What's everyone doing for Halloween weekend?
I lost ya number fam can yu d.m. it to me
thanks for the RT!
"Plucky little sisters, 1, 2, 3... lookin for adventure, you and me..."
Maybe our political system is so intertwined with financial sector preventing effective oversight & prosecutions.
I just can't figure out why they care so much. No one is saying the catholic church has to have perform ssm
Hosni Mubark- the Brett Favre of world politic
Why do I have to go to the shadiest back alleys of the internet to get an offline installer of a specific JRE?
you're so nice!
Watching Lucas oil off road series
Happy Cinco De Mayo
:O you called me baby! Lol I am shocked! Did you mean to send that to me?
Going to be a great 2012. Everything we do is behavior. How will you behave this year to make it great?
Yes and, we should hand write a letter and mail it to your congressman to pass the jobs act! This way we help the postal service too!
I hate days like this -.-
Sometimes the one you want is not the one you need.
sounds fine to me.
Hey.. Flower day is this weekend. It's #GrownInMI over in - it's Detroit in full bloom!
Rent a truck from Zip-Car for an hour or two.. It's only ~$7
lol truth tell all your friends its at the boom boom room lol
OKAY WORLD IMEAN ON YA HEAD LIKE A TOP HAT ..FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT ~ BHP / CASH BRICK / RIO SIMS/ MURAKULOUS BEATS` GARILLA FAMILY
Congrats to Fort Collins FB coach Eric Rice and his wife. They had a baby boy on Monday. Future Lambkin LB is on his way!
Too many chances...
can't wait to start classes
Nice article in about 10 year anniversary and grants. Good stuff!
Best advice gave me was to stay grinding! & I have. saved da msg from myspace 2. it was da #bestmoment! I miss talkin to her!
hi jasmine~ good morning~ love you so much my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
DRose out + ref in Mia's backpocket = cakewalk to the finals. SMH
Hi! Thanks for the RT. Sounds like a good topic today.
Starts Wit A "C" Rhymes Wit Slam ?
LOL . :D are you a guy mahomie ?
Don't feel bad, guys. I'm getting my degree in education and my future is uncertain too :(
I wonder if God did tell him to run, why He didn't say he would win.
I WANT BACKLIT KEYS!
Ramapo plans jobs website to link local employers, seekers
Just want to get out of this english class NOW!!!!
and that's totally gets a retweet for being awesome RT : can I follow you again? no, shoot.
A freeze is expected tonight! Make sure your pet stays warm and has plenty of clean, non-frozen water.
well u could search for one then ask
happy VA tech won today. dont follow football but my cat is having surgery there 11/2 and staff at the vet school are so nice am now a fan!
What a great feeling that must be! Enjoy your extra week.
just now read ur comment, I don't think we've seen your accordion pleated skirt in a post have we?
Is reading #Eat, Pray, Love!
You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations. - Zig Ziglar
are the tix gone?
I just need one of those hugs right now.
No one in all of human history has gotten obese on steak.
Just tried our 1st ever pineapple & jalapeno slices @ Che Bella Pizza near Columbia University, awesome!
I don't know Christmas carols... I'm going to hell
I love Emeli Sande! Not sure if she is the new Adele though.
Off to Rainbow Art Glass, to buy more goodies for the class I'm teaching at Thompson Park :)
Clearly the team's current failure is because Belt walks too much. Clearly.
I thought she got a restraining order? #creep “: My favorite person to follow is ”
hey buddie i need advice
Better yet how will all of these ppl with tats look in 40 to 60 years with tats on their face
oh, wow! I haven't been there in years!
i love you too!! i freaking miss you
Just finished up a few tweaks on my new track! Another one finished
hi, how are you?
Even better. RT Euphemstically termed "vaginal rejuvenation therapy"
Men can be hoe's too.
Ok. I'll have it if you stop by. Some of them are so frightening that I've only been able to read them once.
Not really feeling tomorrow but I mean who is?
"Today we learned about purple weed and sex in a stairwell." <= "Will this be on the test?"
Nothing to do tonight? has a new edition of 12x6 going up at 7:30pm Only $5.00! Come join us!
Attention teenagers in Liverpool nightclubs: stop chewing gum!
Hey everyone! Our twitter page is up and you can follow us at Our facebook page will be up in a week! So follow us for updates!
And i blame ;) fun night!! RT : dude. I blame you for the spinning room. Just sayin'.
Yes, you can go back later and add preconferences and other special ticketed events after you've registered for
Pitbull make's New Years Awesome !!
Won 2 tourney's tonight might have won three if I didn't hit the call button by accident and went out on the bubble
i wished for u to follow me:) <3 nd i will wish tht evryday until it comes true
Had lots of fun at our school fundraiser last night! Feelin' it today.
Love your name! I have a 13 month old Kenzie :) thanks for the follow. Happy holidays
i think i got sunburnt today. my vanity recoils but my inner sun goddess is excited about the possibilities of summer by the pool.
Kids' shows get weirder and weirder, I swear.
Cooking food for new year eve (:
Enthusiasm makes the difference!!!!
sending my video now! :-)
i hate when I wake up early and cant go back to sleep. Makes me happy....
Had to blow away another jerk. Aren't there any nice guys left out there?
no, but it will keep me awake nights now. :P
Not sure what I think about the mixed Kits
Fuck you Obama.
IMPORTANT: BROKEN CROWN'S RED SKY SHOWCASE WILL BE SATURDAY, JULY 2ND AT CHROME LOUNGE!!! THE Reader mixed up the days.
been installing art show for the past two days. day three tommorrow.
Vancouver going to start rioting again?! Congrats LA
I'm sure she won't mind. Besides, its completely misleading! If I hear pie, I want pie... not yogurt.
painful, but good....every day I'm alive and vertical I've got a smile on my face :-)
thanks but i know im not"/
M.O.E & 15five Ent Presents Valentines Night inside Klusoz with Mike Green & Greg G Live! Ladies 21+ Free. DJ Mystik in the mix (281 & R ...
I'm going with #broncos over #patriots next week...#tebow has convinced me!
well, buy bug spray!
Caps game tonight? We’ll be there, hoping you’ll win a chance to get in the DC Lottery’s Money Machine and grab all the cash you can!
Had a dream last night that involved the most horrifying insect & now can't stop thinking it really exists.
My boys gave me my moneys worth!
“: Fire Away! // RT : #okstate is our featured school of week. Tweet us YOUR FAVORITE OSU sports moments.” 44-10
I dislike when I tell ppl that I am indecisive about motherhood & they act like its the end of the world o_O
I have cashed 17 out of 21 tickets in the #NBA playoffs, I have another winner tonight get on the list
#confused. :P
Change your pet's diet over several days.
ps- not rants, knowledge.
I'm SO tired
When was the last time you went on a family vacation with your family?
I only say that cuz your status change all the time lol. I'm sure y'all ain't that bad
BOOKED a supporting role in HERB’S LAST STAND, a Thesis w/ Brooklyn College directed by James Morse. This charming comedy shoots in April.
lol this sucks
Hi! Can you please help me to get Justin Bieber to follow me it would be A dream come true, Thanks!!
Love it! We hope the same thing! Check out our tours, have a picnic, enjoy the late day sun, ride your bike. www.crownhillhf.org
Working late night shift at home. Got some Star Trek on and upgrading the web site. Now this is how you work.
Are there some Dream Killers in the audience?! Do some people allow the founding principles to be forgotten?
peAce bruh! Dont ask me for nothing, ever again.
Riviera Spa is now offering Organic Hair Services! Performed by our Award Winning Hair Artist Alexander Antonio!
Thank you for showing your support! RT Thank you for the awesome evening. I was so exited to get your latest issue. Thank you!
"Success is not a destination, its an everlasting journey that never ends."
Constantly losing myself. Constantly having to find a new me.
I LOVE YOU IT'S BEAUTIFUL STOP
so great to have you Premiere your episode with us. Congratulations on your audience choice win!
Here I go, have to admit I'm totally scared.
#MyTop10GucciSongs My kitchen. .....
Just because you agree with most points doesn't mean you buy someone's worldview 100%.
Dear old grumpy co worker hearing you bitch about your job is not what I want to hear after a nice lunch.. Your 66.. RETIRE That is all
#ItsAPirateLifeForMe This Summer We Makin Blockbusters
tell her to say an our father and put salt around her bed
We had a great time at the #ADDY Awards Show this weekend. Congrats to all the winners!
"Babe: Pig in the City is one of the darkest movies ever made."
me + 2 little girls that only speak spanish = no comprende haha
pretty good, how'd mommys day go?
Remembering today. Thanks to all the first responders and soldiers who fight to keep us safe.
Oh, wow this is awesome!!!!! Should I send the lyrics to the same email? Can you leave your cell in the DM? Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!
Did you have a great birthday yesterday?
man fuck EVERYBODY !
Tomorrow I will wear body glitter on my face as war paint. 1990's Johnson County war paint.
hell naw idk what to do
10$ off anything just use karma rep code :lesher100
My virtual kit arrived today. After work, it'll all about Alegbra! If I can lug this home. Are these all books in this box?
Sounds like a plan ; )
I really can't relate to your vovo
that's wy Tommy Kinkaidz is our greatest artist ever!
$5 for non members
i was just going to ask if santi was playing great or nico was horrible in this tbreak.
Quality > Quantity.
Thanks for bringing your brain to the #b2bchat party
Yo S/o to one of my favorite bands Defintiely support their music! And Thanks for the follow guys!
Last call!!! Come to the Shack today 12-9. Otherwise, see u next spring :)
Need some brain rest after all that studying?? Check out a diversions book before you go on break and keep it for 6 weeks!!...
Best battle so far - LOVE THIS!!!!!
Substitute knowledge with the word ignorance.
What she said! RT : I missed #FF will happily state I have the BEST friends & family --ALL of u enrich my life!
Can this dedicated Big Baby fan get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes!!!
hey danny my pens won tonight in a shoot out eight in a row! wonder why cb dont follow me no more :)
Good Morning & Happy Friday Everyone
Roger Maris is not in the Hall of Fame.
Ha. Just saw this tweet... Feel bad about replying to your email. No hard feelings if you archive it straight away.
Happy Monday everyone! We hope you had a great week, tell us what you did this weekend to
NEXTIVA you were suppose to route all calls to the cell phone if you went down why didnt that happen
Walter Murch at #chf a genius of sound and music
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: When the dinner adjourns, thou shalt rise and wait for the President and head table guests to leave.
I LOVE YOU BESTFRIEND!!!!!
When did Norv become such a stats geek?
you're really cute(: and 5 is my number also!(;
will be on friday from 5-8pm signing autographs for FANS!!!
these are rad. Thanks!
Rashaaaaaaaddddd!!! What's good?? How you doing? I miss my natives
Who I use to be < Who I'm becoming
our #capitalist values have taken over #CommonSense. How can we improve&sustain our country if we don't
Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup...
Only in #vegas will you see a wedding chapel next door to an hourly motel.
thats the whole reason i moved lol
Obama backtracks on Catholic issue. Sounds like semantics in his speech.
Andrew Young, mayor of Atlanta, US Congressman & Ambassador to United Nations born 12 March 1932 I photographed him playing tennis in 1970s
Just when you think that no ad will offend women more than GoDaddy, Teleflora makes it a horse race...
WOULD LOVE TO - send link?
Ohright! When u email nobody can read what you said like on facebook #timelinecansuckit I wanna trend that
Thanks for stopping by! Did you wreak havoc?! RT I'm at Southport Lanes & Billiards
Waiting at school fucken sucks
Can't tell me nothing!!
SO DISRESPECTFUL! SMH! LOL! PAY U KNOW MIND FROM HERE ON OUT!
Terry's book, Bloods, should be required reading for US history classes, not just African American history courses.
Landed another summer job! Woo Summer Arts in the Park! Only 5 days!
Sweet! Can't wait to hear all about it!
Such horrible news: Adrienne Rich has died. I'm so glad I got to see her read/speak my freshman year. She was one of my feminist icons.
To my #swedge neighbors, Parking lots are not a development strategy. That is all.
I do
I got golden rubbers in these denim pockets ;)
I can only imagine the challenges we will get if people continue to get confused. Note to teens: your teachers didn't assign erotica
Time for Sutton's 1st birthday party!!!
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you
Congratulations. What are those grades looking like?
THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND 🎏
back to sleep.
10 minutes and some change left #Arsenal Lets go gunners!
NO I'm not Fat I'm cool... Like a cooler.....
Oh wow - now those are sweet if they work as promised!
Can we make tomorrow #MildlyFearsomeFriday? I'm starting a revolution.
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-12
I gave Joey a much overdo bath today and he is now about four shades brighter. :)
On campus at Marquette all day! Need tickets, tweet or DM us!
I think vacating wins from past seasons is one of the most meaningless punishments possible. It honestly means nothing.
Love christian music? You should check us out!
Trying that new Extra Rootbeer Float flavored gum...yup. I'm off the hook on a Saturday night in Htown ;)
RT : Its game time!!
Finally mobile again! I think ive gone through 5 phones in less than 5 years. Smh
About to get my bay bay to bed why he over here thinkin he grown bein up at 11:30 . Smdh .
I wish I had a dad.
I got my Britney tickets, dude.
Ideas ideas..
OMG WTF my mom wants to have a twitter!!!, NO!!, she will follow me!, OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Im not star somebody lied im rollin weed up in my car
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
Ooh, good. Must join.
(Can DH scholars break the habit of defaulting to "English and history" as the only mentioned disciplines in dh meta discussions?)
Going to Diyarbakir tomorrow (way southeast Turkey. waving distance to Iraq southeast.) and pumped about it.
RT : #SteveBlakeProtectionFund <- !!! see, donate to THAT, not the Zimmerman website!
On further consideration, not a "big" win for C. Yes, pubs will go to them, but libs get 1 chapter/10% free.
Welcome to the congregation Tony Carrillo! We're happy to have you aboard!
Yea, if he ever wakes up from any of HIS
you should cover "Friday".. See if you can make it bearable haha
favorite girl friends turns to crazy baby mothers.
I'm never good enough for my mom... I really try but she never seems satisfied. So much for a
Great workout today!
I know right! Trying to get mentally prepared for today
I suppose I have to shut down my Internet until after 30 Rock airs on the west coast. Dirtbags.
hell yeah dude.
I was just two minutes late for getting Evgeni Malkin into my fantasy line up. I'm starting two centers that don't play.
Great news! RT : I wasn't expecting this so soon, but I was just named the Associate Dean for Research for UMD's iSchool.
I was literally awake for 48 hours. 👀 I wish I was kidding
Hello, love! Keep up the GREAT work! ;-)
There's a bug food truck/stand at Off the Grid at Fort Mason!
the music biz is moving the way we need it. Its a process but fun.
They don't even watch the game. Chatting away!
You can email the station directly at . That's the best way. Thanks.
This -> RT : You HAVE TO FOLLOW Very humorous, enjoyable and clever guy. Great talk, very entertaining.
what kind of intervals do you like the most? Thanks for all your info!
I need to get wit and
the actors on secret life are terrible.
My kingdom for a chair . . .
Anne Tyler~ It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
Sure:) best friends always share!
Systematic rape being used as a weapon in Congo. Forget kony, what about apple/dell ?
Oh just got the words. All Ice Tea are $1 in 20oz cup. Beat the heat with Ice Tea
“I don't trust anyone who doesn't laugh.” - Maya Angelou
When you move the world moves
Still thinks its Karma for banning Prospace.
yay I got my follow back thanks love ya now how about that favorite drink love your song it's my ringtone
jus did i fuks wit it
Love the sound of crickets
Anywhere with a nice view
wats up doe?
It's a life-changer. I've got 2 and yes, one is a mini for my desk.
Damn! I'm sleepy but I can't go to sleep
RT : It's 2 PM. I've done nothing today. awesome sunday in my book
I honestly can't wait to see this summer with , and
And then it's really awkward because I have no friends.
The Music in The Wiz is unbelievable!!! Indescribable!! One of the best masterpieces we've been able to witness!!
is enjoying the view of the sunset
Yeah I usually don't like movies about making movies but I dug it.
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Love the story of Romeo and Juliet but i do wish someone would create an alternate story in which they live bc this is depressing!
Best wishes to all my friends running the #BostonMarathon today! Stay well-hydrated in the heat and have a great race!
In shock. MAG Volkswagen didn't charge me for a rental!
will be happy to! Thanks Gina!
Congrats to Mrs. B. Friedman who won the Trip to Lizensk. A Big Thank You to all. May the רִבּונו שֶׁל עולָם bless u with מזל Amen!
Ready to drop this years celebration log at field! Who will get the first slab?
the lakers outscored the thunder in the fourth quarter!
my set tonight has every banger I've bought/created/found recently. I want to record it as OMG QUARRY'S SUMMER 2012 HAWT CLUB MIX.....
That last bloody mary was extra virgin... It was just a tomato. I may have wandered down to the farmers market.
SCRATCH last tweet lol -- 40 minutes left to get your tweet to us about your #mother for chance to WIN band!
AND IIIIIIIIEEIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOUUUUUUUUAHHIIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!!!
where is smash?
Had Signing Day for the football team today. So proud of those boys
Be sure that you are maintaining HR records as required! If not, this could be very costly for your Company.
My bf gon miss the heat game smh I don't feel like hearin about this
Had fun talking to LIS390 today about my work in the UX field. Thanks !
Meeting with the graphic designer. New logo coming soon!
are flying in from San Francisco and searching for a gig in Dublin on Friday May 4th, anyone know a decent place?
After a very successful Insurance Leadership Forum earlier this month, I'm back on the Twitter scene. Happy Thursday!
I NEED THIS(:
Wonder if this #MarsEdit thing had an effect on my fb account as well...I have #SelfControl on, so can't tell myself :p
lol she said she still your sis
Nas is like
Way to go to my 2 y/o who is letting me virtually attend #ncph2012 #oah2012 today by not being overly demanding.
In bham at the movies bout to watch think like a man
Those who are heartless once cared too much.
This summer. Stay tuned for a date...as soon as it's set, we'll let you know!
i want that!
did you need #SeeSaw image or just that tweet. If the latter, it's under If former, I am of no help :)
“: Stoked to enjoy Jesus #YPS today. Pray for God's favor to soak every word I speak for His Kingdom.”/grateful for u
“: Yah!! Please come it has been years since i saw you !”((I'll be there!!))
There's some people i can talk to all day and not get bored.
nap time biatch!!
u need to come to kentucky... country folks, good southern cooking, lots of trees and rolling green hills.. beautiful
I agree whole-heartedly! Work = Time / and we should be paid for our time.
I need it...its my medicine....
Qualcomm CEO at #YPO Pacific Edge: 1mm new broadband connections added daily.
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. ~Anthony Brandt
We are now taking suggestions for the Book of the Week club. First up: Hunger Games c/o
Nothing like brunch with a bloody!
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG, OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA & TO THE REPUBLIC
Broadcasting a major skyland conference matchup between ridge and pingry for MSG VARSITY!!!!!
She is so fake don't ask me for Nothn k thank u
Have you ever put FUCR into google??? lol I like the one about Cannabis and hemp! the other one scares me!
YEAH he did! RT : of killed it at #tnw2012 in Amsterdam!
RT I am hashtagging a new word. Anti Semites who operate within the twitta world will be henceforth referred to as
Just came home from work. Made it in time to see the last few minutes. Let's go Lakers!
Sad? Sad is a child being beaten, tortured or murdered! This is plain STUPIDITY!!!
Girl u know it. I'll have to update you, hun!!
Should of Hit me Bro
why does it say I am not following ?? twitter has been messing up so much lately -__- it's making me mad.
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote? I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
TONIGHT!! on the Emcee Eternia goes on the record about her latest project "At Last" and why women are needed in hip-hop
I feel like I would be a good personal assistant or secretary.
Dear #INDOT the massive mess 37south exit is,could be fixed w/20mins real life traffic experience instead of hours in a street design progrm
I'll be yer friend may 7th when I come home 😁
Had a meeting about a reading of my collection of short plays!
#shoutout to my newest follower
Lmao RT : girl I'm over here already knowing...I'm in denial :(
will email you it tomorrow
Playoff baseball = slightly less boring than regular season baseball. I guess.
I understand I do think it would be fun as first timers w/ park-a-day! Hope you consider joining me =)
88-69 #West on top of the #East in the #nbaallstargame Let's get it
watching Blues Brothers. now< off to pool
You just made my weekend! There's a Jackson Brodie tv series?! I may be clueless but I have plugged-in friends.
Okay cool. That'll work(:
Wow. As a teacher, I would find that AMAZING. I could reflect clearly on obsrvtns b4 end talk.
Who won for best drama movie??!?
ots of new hires? Yesterday I got cursed out by an angry citizen. Ugh. I was so glad to go home. Today has to be better ;)
happy birthday, best friend! (:
Try To Take It Seriously Nothing will come out of it
and you portray both qualities to a extent of other girls may strive to achieve baby. Luv u spank
Had a yard sale to raise $ for the Ride to Empower in Red Rock Canyon, NV Oct. 22-25. Visit networkofstrength.org/ride to join the CO team.
tell your mom to stop texting me
thanks for the words of inspiration, im in here cookin up some heatrock as we tweet
Automatic updates would dope, I can get with that
im watching Hook too!
Yea my fangirling heart might just explode. Happy camper!
Different about what?
“Begin to see YOURSELF AS A SOUL WITH A BODY rather than a body with a soul.” ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
#popularinthe90s pop punk baby
Hopefully some of the girls will come back Mac
where You work at
We are a teen webshow and we would like to know if you guys would like to be out official Entertainment correspondent?
Another 2 mile run under my belt. On Sunday it's 4! I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
New photo/avatar: a colonial (1730s) American token by Samuel Higley of Simsbury, Connecticut - "Value Me as You Please"
Me Too! I'm sure it'll be a blast! I hope you make it! :)
lmao! You are terrible. Wow.
Hey I love you booboo ^.^
oh my goodness! I had no idea! I'm on now!!
the sad sack tour of hollywood. If that ain't crushing dreams we'll have to crush 'em ourselves!
Had puppy preschool at the today! It was SO fun!! I played with a new friend named Jackson. He was super fun! Thanks !
Glad I'm not the only one that can't choose a brother.
oh my! 2x error is insane. How many grams should I use for a cup of almond flour?
Did you know that it was U.S. President James Monroe who agreed to purchase Florida from Spain in 1819?
Tonite was a great nite... s/o to the homee for putting it down for his album release party...
I ended up with an A too. Not sure anyone didn't. I rec'd 92 on paper and 10 on the ePort.
crap. and I thought I made pretty good money. union?
Man summer can't come faster! Sun is out and we are ready. Are u ready for to open March 9th!??
Can't wait until next weekend. All of my loves we will be in town and we are ALL gonna be 21!!
So glad I'm not the only one who thinks these are hilarious.
I just put raw egg on my face...
let's go right now!! :) lol
Out walking Scripps Ranch for !!
There's a fine line between an idiot and a genius
Let's get a 10 from Len for ! Just start voting now
The details are not the details. They make the design. -Charles Eames
words cannot express how much I wish I were at #c21nonhuman attempting to tweet this amazing talk with you!
I'm sick of us unfollowing eachother, && you deleting me off of Facebook .. it's immature.
Just go through little spells where I withdraw a bit. Not as bad as I used to.
hello u there
Today is good.
#nowwatching soul plane
& twitter giveaway winners! $25 each. Come to Snack Bar to get it.
teach me your ways.. You are my icon. I want to be as popular as you.. Please help me.
Another unbelievable call...this time against Teague.
You faggots are so indirect w/ each other, SHUT UP AND DATE ALREADY! Fuck yall irritate me w/ ur constant tweeting
shutup lol it wasnt nothin nasty and i got a new phone after breakin my old phone so #ItsAllGood and plus she liked my songs
Thanks for the kind words!
Any time my friend. Theme song in the works?
Love this tune. Strings are immense!
LI'L D, to stranger: I miss daddy! STRANGER: Where is he? LI'L D: Hiding at home!
Free #Manta Talk tonite just after sunset. Did you know? Manta Ray can weigh up to 2,000 lbs! Don't believe it? Have you seen Big Bertha?
How much I love every thing that is decided and open!
Dear <internet retailer>, please don't mass-email me about a sale on products that aren't listed on your site yet. Am I supposed to guess?
FEEL IT
Thanks for the follow!
one of the lifers..gonna post all updates on so so def & hip hop
sometimes?! A lot of people worry me most of the time. Like #Congress! They worry me all the time!
Gold's gym still exists?
Go check out Eden tonight...tell ROSE I sent ya ;)
herve mons le chartreux is the milk chocolate of cheese.
**Emporio says, "Getting ready to hit Scottsdale for the night.. Gonna be doin the old town tour so if your out n wanna meet up hit me up!"
here, there, everywhere. Where have you been?
Can you recommend some winter camping/snowshoeing routes near Boulder? I'm planning a 3-night trip at the end of the month.
If my next adventure race involves blowing leaves look out!
I write stupid things when I'm not concentrating
Great response so far. Thanks All!
In the process of taking Taylor off the bottle n she fighting me every step of the way but I guarantee imma win
Follow back :)
So the Dept of Def is now working on energy? What is the Dept of Energy going to do?
wait, Zeus has a beard?
i will on saturday lol
Its all about the Benjamins! $500,000 payout funds program without state dollars.
I'm getting sleepy. Before I leave for the night, allow me to tweet once more for Ralph T's birthday.
not on mothers day man.
Playing at Cool River in Homer Glen tonight for a hometown celebration before we leave for tour. 21+ cheap drinks, we'll play around 11:30!
If you haven't done so yet, check out our site www.allWIdoiswin.com start reppin, now!
text me
Celebrating a Brewers win at Ryan Braun's restaurant Graffito!
#Galtung proposes a pair for boycotting: "girlcott," the practice of giving business to a good business.
Social Media Special: 10 lb bag of rock salt FREE with $5 purchase. Can't beat that!
Looking for a volunteer to coordinate street musicians (not stage) for our event! Email if interested.
Dreaming about Adalberto's california burrito and a tall can of beer.
Is Clyde a guy who can do that? Half the time Peyton looks like he wants to scream at him.
okay ima call you today when i get situated later
But I'll get to see it w//my blood sisters & my parents. Sometimes you need that connection.
Now, if he can only be as good as Brennan!!
I can not sleep
yes, it's good stuff and it was a great game!
RT! ": I love NICKI new song"
:) stay tuned for the correct answer..meanwhile, send us a direct message with your address so we can mail u a shirt for playing!
Use your smile to change the world DONT let the world change your smile<3
all the way in #Miami but still thinking bout dat #seperationanxiety lol
The Red Rocks are amazingg, my favorite one was the snoopy one(:
Like the makeup of the image rights panel. Since I work at a museum I'm really looking forward to this.
Yes it is you just aint learn its okay thou we gone get there i promise
Wow, even Google street view got the 8-bit treatment
Holy shit....time to pull #Yovani before this becomes a joke. 4 HRs in 2 innings pitched so far.
OK i don't care what you think do what you like not a big deal just get the F**k off my case ;/
As a child, I couldn't trust my mother to pick my clothes for me, let alone a mate.
#imagine how were gonna look like at exactly 10:14
ur so angry that the bulls are out aren't ya? Lol
Just got off stage after singing our opener, Boondocks by Little Big Town! We'll be back in a bit with more songs! #springsing /te
A nigga you out here at the O.co lets get high mane.. Hell Yeah DHB touchdown RAIDERS
Beadhead! wrap sections of lightly moussed dry hair around a curlin iron.Next a.m, dont wash! Spritz w a leavein conditioner, scrunch n go!
I tweeted you the other day asking if you could text Lindsay for me
RT : RT : Do you love Indonesia also?
Why do landlords become like secretaries every time they put a For Rent sign in front of a unit? Simple. They're using the wrong sign.
U haha why not?
lol its all good welcome to twitter
BTW In Hawaii we dont all speak Hawaiian, i no maybe 5 words in hawaiian&We Dont Always Say ALOHA! Actually NEVER!Were Not much Different...
Ur welcome. Love ur conference. Great seeing you on twitter.
yes. Do you have the pants I left there?
Anybody going to stay up till 12 to tell me happy birthday!? No..k cool. -___-
Man this day is flying..
No, , I am not influential about viagra. And… really?
Kyle Washington will be at NBA Players Development camp at Virginia, the Stoudemire skills camp and the LeBron skills camp this summer
Vince Gray: "This mayor continues to wage a war on transparency"
All guys hate the words DONT and STOP unless their put together
The key to success is to love what you do and you will be great at it.
Getting ready to hop on-air on ! If you're not in Laredo, listen online at www.949theworks.com. Text your "fist bumps" to 69491!
why do so many stores ask me to open a credit card account when I check out?
< wut a long dick look like!
Keep staring. It was well deserved.
Jeff from tmj4 is here teaching the campers about cameras and how to properly use them.
#netflix time :)
Thanks so much Joel. Congrats on everything and looking forward to April 5th! Let's Go Bucs!!
#supportlocalmusic Live with a few long songs.
I give up.
Been up for 2 hours already...getting all my facts...its car shopping day!
did he take BP?
Just saw a 54 yard field goal thanks to the wind. Quakers now have 3 points. Defiance has 7.
Now that I get you , I know fear is what it really was .
Oh, that was you going 85 in a 55...I see how you are ;) RT : passed you on 65. Giving bayette a hard time.
Not excited about actual birthday, super-bouncy-excited for the weekend celebrations. Not complaining at all.
Three cheers for Website didn't charge me for checked bag, and they didn't let me pay in person when I tried. Woohoo!
RT At the heart of Original sin is the refusal to submit to the rhythms of God.
thank god.
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why they call it falling in love. You don't force yourself to fall, you just fall....
Hey Friday, you rock! \m/
Final hours here at #snameam - we close at 12 noon today so come by the booth to save 20% on some great books!
It took me 15 minutes to find some honey roasted nuts. It feels like they jusy haphazardly threw this store together. Bread and nuts?
everything sounds majestic with "skies" at the end of it haha!
You, too! Got your ascot pressed? Have a julep or a bourbon for me
Yes - not Pitt's responsibility to notify everyone until recommended to do so. Buildings are evacuated before we get ENS.
Contrary to what some may say, you CAN overthink creative endeavors. Sometimes its best to just get in there and get it done (cont) ...
Until game 1...
Bye twitter :)
When post st patty's day results in only a few bruises and a broken nail i would call the night a sucess
wait until you see people racing across the top of the pot-a-potties.
Prosecution plans half hour of questions for Gov. Patrick.
" sinqinq my life with his words!" #lauryn hill
Recording drums coupled with a midnight showing of twilight
Real eyes realize lies.
Somebody should call me doee
Toddlers & Tiaras is the WORST tv show ever! Poor little girls :(
Once you've claimed your business, how do you change the name of the business if it's not completely accurate?
I still think of Osmosis Jones every time I take a pill. I think of all my pills as little soldiers! Haha
I'll have the strawberry one.
#HowManyPeople actually read half the tweets that they receive from the live streem?
yes, I was. Just got back this morning. Ready to tweet again about Boston sports and more!
Nice to see the Redbirds retire The Genius' No. 10... equally nice to see that LaRussa and Eckersley still have uniformly brown hair lol
Is not afraid of the jazz.
Happy Birthday!
R U talking 2 Me 💅
yes we are ;)
right. My bday coming up on the 26 I might be hittin up the club. You down?
Q3) Each group within an organization needs to curate their own material.
lol quite well
your coming home?
Making a pizza with mom>>>>>
Finally New York bound after an hour delay!
hahaha. I'll cast a spell on NYC for warm weather. Spelliosis!
i've tried to forgive, but i can't forget.
Ha! That's great news. They're a loyal bunch that's for sure. Potential new followers, too!
Let content dictate breakpoints in responsive design, not device size
Kotel Kosher is officially open today. Come this afternoon to participate in the opening ceremony officiated by Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger.
I'm going to need something sweet tonight. I've got pb nutella and marshmallow puff - how creative can I get
ha. This happens in my real life all the time. I'm too good at dry humor I guess.
My baby gone be good, just got this obsticle to overcome real quick!
I'm on unemployment, do promo gigs, and get requests for art. :)
#quoteoftheday Pain is temporary...Pride is FOREVER. Never sell yourself short..
Looking to get into music business? Are u Smart, personable & reliable? Avail a fair amount of Thurs-Sun? email asap!
Is you professional life evaporating your personal life? Fight #information overload. See our blog
I think I will do a podcast tonight...nothing heavy..just like my other shows i do..Santorum is messing up the news feed..get out all ready
ha! Yes, those would be cucrabers.
I'll check...I think you can access them for a small fee. Not sure if any will be free.
awesome. Thanks!
was gone for a minute, now im back :)
“: #MentionTo someone you need in your life for you to stay.”
"People do not lack strength; they lack will." Hugo
Dam I gotta hear game new mix tape
Have an easily accessible privacy policy and about section so your site seems more trustworthy
I feel sick.
I am still waiting on some or any of you to send me some questions for my pendulum. Do you already secretly use a pendulum to get answers?
No deep-v but if you get a little Hulk Hogan on it you can reshape that neck to any shape you desire!
Well, that does makes sense.
I'll just bring the liquor !! And goofy ah
How successful is a tree going to be without its roots? Focus on ur strengths not just ur weaknesses
Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments on if Congress oversteps its constiutional authority on mandating health insurance.
thanks for the follow and all the tips
I swear I just saw Janet Jackson. Pretty sure it was just a homeless tranny...but I could have put money on it being Janet!
Quad practice tonight where coach plays the cajon which she is just so good at(surprise) Jaime on keys so true and Beth on bass...
Just kidding! Your too cute! Have a wonderful dear!
Dig the new pic.
You guys are so creative! :)
Never seen that done before. Great idea!
#ff my favorite form of therapy:
awesome! thanks for letting us know!
Write us a review on Amazon, send us the link, and we'll give ya a special coupon for you or a friend's next purchase!
Are you on the beach? I'm almost at 2,400 followers...Yeah!!!
u don't olive in la
I inhale pure earth. I release the white ghost.
Looking forward to speaking today on and location based services. Hope to see you there!
nicely said Djdrama
When did they come over? RT Finding #genealogy of my Irish family branch in Ireland very difficult.
thanks for the great show. Can't wait for the MidWinter beer fest on Feb 19th
my wife is pregnant and has a dumb boss--she's stuck because of insurance. i hate being stuck and dumb bosses. not clever, just true
please follw me and ask ryan too? ur voices are amazing! i have a crush on ryan, hes gorg! shhhhhhh :) !
Watching Saturday morning cartoons
Sometimes we ruin situations just by wanting them too much.
Something incredibly beautiful and incomprehensibly ugly: human nature.
": Hey look! Brittney Sager has morphed into this morning on #WAKEUP We're talking storms this AM."
We will be attending the NBA Jam Session this Saturday! Yeeeeeee!!
Well... I did predict Caps in 7... whatever...
what if the woman was at ikea on 4/20 & smoking "grass" (a marijuana cigarette)? shouldnt we stop her before she kills everyone?
my spanish hw just unintentionally made an AD reference: "Vendemos la casa a Marta"
today? tomorrow? Next week? ;)
Omg, dying.
Dustin Kahlil Band advances into finals of Hard Rock Rising
your welcome...so whats new phillip...whats goimng on??
I'm from Tokyo! 東京の所沢! Borgore大好きだよ! You should cum!
Are YOU an Adobe CQ5 Architect? I am hiring!!!
"It's hot as hell in here I done sweated my egdes out" lol. No but seriously it is hot as hell. This that good ole #Houston weather..
i believe in the next hour! which is like 10.
NO! My baby is gettin hailed on right now :( and the power just went on and off in the fieldhouse haha.
Best part of this would be the ice cream.
oh heck yeah!:) so are you getting good at this tweeting stuff or what? hahaha!
What are everyone's #top10favouritebands let us know!
Afternoon off. Abandoned errands and opted for for the pool since it's not packed and sun is shining. Hope the sun is here to stay finally!
I would like the world to know that the anti pneumonia vaccine hurts like a bitch the next day. Just so you are aware. :-)
You're a real cutie, like me:)
will be joining today serving up breakfast & lunch for our Spring Opening & Plant Sale. Yum! Look for them by the Garden Shop.
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont HOMEWORK!! DAMN Y'ALL!! REAL KART WILLIAMS!! REAL WILL FERTELL
hi I am a big fan! can u please follow,RT, or reply to me but a follow would be the bst thing ever! <3 :)))
got my taco bell. happy cinco de mayo to meeeeeh.
Delish!! Hot spots to check out: in The Cosmopolitan - BEST Bamboozled milkshakes & for BEER!
“The Sun never says to the Earth, “You owe me.” Look what happens with a love like that, it lights the whole sky.” -Hafiz
Hail Throwsnail. Are you of this earth?
awww I love ya babe......
Time for work
RT Someone just told me I was a blessing in disguise :),my response was I don't need all of that I'm just here to help!
auto industry poll question for 10tv-- would you buy a vehicle from an automaker who filed for bankruptcy?? let us know!
We are only limited by our perception of what we can and cannot do.
In my "lunch" break at work.
If u see this education connection commercial one more time with that hideous chic blowing a corndog.. i may die
Just got a personalized, signed letter from the CEO of Vector inviting me to join their team this summer for 14$ an hour.... Selling knives
I signed it when I lived there. Totally disagree that it is unethical. Been meaning to email per previous Twitter convo.
"Take those skates off, Man."
Damn, they even have Drake's 1500 on draft at Mr. Pickles now. Go go!
Calling it a night due to I work tomorrow. Only thing I hate I wont be spending with my mom but happy she will be with family
As you see, my response time is not improving! I got picked up after the early afternoon session. Did you stay for the keynote?
Thanks for the #FF love!
I like for him to text/call first cause that let me kno im on his mind
thank *you*! #Sobipro is a great component and we're building a directory around it right now. You do a wonderful job!
Rain rain go away!!
Yooooo party with the ladies
We distract ourselves from our pain, escape it, and numb it, only to always live in it and running from it. Heal the pain by loving yourself
So much to do in such little time. #iwantsleep wait, actually. Damn me. I procrastinate. Ops.
<----- Duck-lipped in my pictures. New avi got glitter. Hit me up on facebook, and follow me on twitter...
that was so much fun! Can't wait for our next play date!
Well at aunt barbies house... i miss kane and today was kinda boring.. well goodnight everyone!!!!!
no la suya
Yes, definitely!
Perfect day for bocce and cheap beers at looneys... Welcome home
will you two be joining us for the screening of "Waterhole #3" tomorrow evening?
Found you via post on Social Media Today. Loved it! I no can do on the mega-heels, tho! Ouch! ;)
IF starters can go deep. Bullpens getting eaten alive.
Beautiful day in the river city. We r less thn 25 followers frm our next free ice cream prize. RT & u or ur friends can win & visit old sac!
YOU PUT IT DOWN LIKE NEW YORK CITY...
Need breads or dessert for your holiday dinner? Place your special orders for Easter now!
who lost teeth? Lol
Late night action..Brauny with 3 homers at Petco
GM! Love this pic and I see you a Cowboy fan,join my page on facebook twist 2 health!
Would love that too! How can we help?
I think I'll be playing a majority of my online games with Dallas this year...I like Dez Bryant as their 3rd reciever
The fact that me and can message on Skype but cant just text. -_-
YEAH, RNG. YEAH.
you have a typo on your "unlock A/B split campaigns" page, campaigns is spelled incorrectly.
hope the tacos were great. I still feel mean for teasing the Doc. about his tie- hopefully we will meet again & I'll apologize
Girl 1: blah blah blah (joke) Girl 2: AHAHAHAHA -looks up every word in the joke- See this is my life
When you are looking for a new apartment remember sometimes you get what you pay for.
The neighbors know his name ;)
(C) you dont see the smile i'm faking! You dont hear me crying every night... So shut up about me!
Experiencing some technical difficulties with Legion TV, stay tuned!
congrats on #1 ranking! Did you watch #IU game? Insane!
Stopped at a traffic light next to a construction crew. What's blaring through the stereo? "2 Become 1".
I'm guessing that you still won't be able to pick Tayvon Wilson out of a line-up. #Who?
Scalped a loge ticket for cheap, then talked my way into the pit for titus andronicus at the wiltern.
you guys today i found a hurt baby cat outside my building at work and i saved his life - i almost cried when he went to the SPCA :(
Maholm drops down sidearm for a slider to get Carpenter swinging.
Hookah bar was fun, home studying and then orlando tmrw for hhn; SO EXCITED!
Welcome back from lunch, Campers! :) Let's continue the awesomeness in our afternoon sessions!
ok thats cool. Always looking to work with new directors.
Congrats to the very handsome, smart and Adrian Brody-looking on his super great graduation :)
Thanks. What's the MTA police presence there during the day? Also, what about the cameras? Is the footage easily reviewable?
Just finished competing in Come join us! Right by castaways. Top time in obstacle course so far. Yay!!!
AND completely sold out of my Kinder Winter EPs in the last two days....! Should I print more?...
No, no, lol is hilarious punctuation to funny or unfunny remarks.
Happy Friday. Make this weekend great. Plan time to get off the sofa and into a workout routine BEFORE the football games start.
Anyone doing research in NYC this summer and needs housing, my sister is subleasing her place (Wash Heights) from June 15-31 Aug. DM me.
I love me some Sherek! :)
"Our culture peculiarly honors the act of blaming, which it takes as the sign of virtue and intellect." ~Lionel Trilling
I gripped the new Kronum ball firmly with my right hand, and at that moment, everything in the universe was perfect
Hah! Try living with mine!
. Huzzah, indeed for and our panel of speakers on DRM and e-piracy. Warning: important discussion ahead (on 3/29)!
We are almost at 3,000 followers! When we hit 3,000 we will have a trivia contest to celebrate - winner gets a book!
French music on a summer afternoon... Too bad i have to work
failure + fear of failure = approved failure
warning prepaid cards like visa or master card has hidden fees. like mastercard 2.95 subtracted plus 5.95 to activate it
When I miss the bus & have to walk, I keep my mum on the phone & talk shit about the creeps. Getting quite good at shit talking in bangla.
say hello to Beelzebub, the fish
Wow it seems everyone wants to jump ship on the #Rockies already. There's only 158 games left.
Hope add me on fb c: I would die a million deaths and come bak to life and it would be amazing!
lol you a slut
Sarah Phillips story is crazy. Trying to follow all the dialogue is like trying to follow Memento.
McKenna: go to my Facebook page. It's the drudge report of Wisconsin
Thanks Spencer!
My EX Still Wanna Work Things Out , HELL NO..I Wanna Find Someone NEW ;) <3
Ahh. My bby answered my question.
Turf can only be part of the story...right?! Don't lie.
I love how the computers in this school don't work... Can't search up things to kill time..
Throwback joint, mario vazquez ft "gallery" remix. Haha this was the shit!!!
I'm welcome home now… walk off grand slam and the Mets lose.
Looking forward to having you back! RT : Thanks! Looking forward to getting up there again soon!
Today's advice: If consuming 12 oz. of per day didn't lead to wealth in 2011, be sure to up intake to 24 oz./day in 2012.
LOL, why do I get such violent story ideas whenever I go running?
Commendable RT I forgive everyone that has done me wrong I am naturally a forgiven person
Talk about addiction, I can't turn my ps3 off. I have no life. Lol
I couldn't sleep at all
When my mom answers the phone she says yellow for some reason...
most of my mentions are meant for lol slow down when tweeting the man, rushers! haha
lol. your bio cracks me up. fluent in French. youu wishh......and so do i. :P
Remeber to keep a small circle....... fuck that, people still gone have something to say either way
Im salty , Im wide awake , everybody sleep . Cant even cake .
Had so much fun with you today(: Cant wait to do Hula
Unlike a traditional pizza, a tomato pie crust is light and airy which creates a crispy delicacy that truly melts in your mouth! If you have
ok im done
I was just.tryin to.get your attention
You're talking about classics? What does that have to do with indy vs big6 pubs? Big6 re-publishes more classics than indys.
did you see the picture of the benevolent women of the Order of the Moose? I don't know who they are but I want to be one.
I can see getting a ticket for parking on the wrong side when plows are out but any other day is just bonus $ for the city.
We not only have a large inventory of new Dodge cars & trucks, we have a large array of used cars, trucks, and SUVs.
Why is the FedEx print online site moving at the speed of dial up?
Somebody just saw SHAME. LOL.
OMG I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU WERE MAKING THEM OMG OMG SO CUTE
All Day!
Only 1 spot left for ride to TART judging.
If u from the hood... show love 2 the hood n share or retweet this 4 us 1 time --->
You was getting it in last night !!
definitely! Lol thanks! Sounds like things are great with you too! :)
We got something good <3
Good morning, Tweeps!!! Today is the Greenville Ave Parade in Dallas. Got my green Mavs jersey on. Up and at 'em!
Which I should've studied for, but I'm stupid and forgot my notes and stuff.
In The Hoth
Watch out for emergencies. They are your big chance. -Fritz Reiner
-> RT : If you call your teammates out, you better step up as well!
Yes, unless it's February and the #Packers are winning the SB
"Just like a sunbeam can't separate itself from the sun, and a wave can't separate itself from the ocean, we can't separate ourselves from
Your #smile is one of the first things that people notice about you! Are you happy with what you see in the mirror? www.kravitzdental.com
Ok I think its time to get some new followers, so give me a shout out.
just gonna have to go back and read it again real quick.
Thank you I got to be a cog in the machine!
Word of the Day 4 #Bellevue gals? Pannekoeken :) c:
Archer: Burt Reynolds + Pimm's Cup = Comedy gold!
BREAKING: #Baltimore Media Blog is moving to #Delaware.. look for #Delaware Media Blog coming soon! :)
I want you to make love, not war. --- John Lennon
RT : We have lots of great deals coming your way this month! Stay tuned...
Congrats to all GANG video game music awards Finalists...what a great year for game music!
aye, you got yours, back up and let us be happy.
When my iCloud fills up and says I need to buy more space where does the new space come from? And why does it cost money? #deepthought 📱💰☁
Okay goodnight/morning
We are headed several places this year.. Israel, Croatia, Dubai, Cuba, Abu Dhabi and more! You must be so excited to travel!
Found a cute little orange salamander :3
LUXE? I've heard they are good at that LOL
You cant be yourself if you don't know who you are
Justin's viddy > everything else
Had a wonderful time at the annual luncheon today! Congrats to their team!
- Yes we agree!
"Don't make excuses"
Panderer in Chief.
Which venue should host Beer-Con this year?
Charity sees the need, not the cause. German Proverb
did they all say trespasses?
Lets make it happen. RT : thanks for the follow.. Hope to work with you soon!
Can you stop being perfect.
#ThingsMyMotherSays: Don't eat your vegetables because that's what Michelle Obama would want you to do.
are YOU an artist or writer? want to have your work featured & become a staffer for 1st & Vine? please email me @
About to get my writing in for tonight.
I love watching bro fights.
dude your the racist hear shame on you hater group. Division of America only helps the Obama 2012 group.
alright I guess we can take that great season barca
Nothing is as easy as it looks, things are not as hard as you think! To each his own!
There are a lot of drunk people on this train for a Saturday afternoon.
haha siicck yess i love bass music!!!!!!!!! lol when i get my car ima make sure to have a nice bass lol my cars gna be so sexy =p
#Romance tip of the week: If your mate has a part of his or her body that aches, spend a few minutes massaging it.
This #weekend is going to be great!!!
Can't wait for tomorrow to see Celtic Woman for the fourth time, it's going to be amazing :)
Wow, I just referenced to "this AM", when it's already 2 p.m. Really? Yes, #timeflies. Just another manic Monday ...
Sanka, you dead?
i know, we went 2 chinatown today and bought a turtle. now our turtle have swag. (:
Go Preds! Life or death game 4 tonight!
#smwcampaign: Are these stats and graphics going to be available after the event to share?
True. I'm a fan.
I thought I was already following you. My bad.
I hate it when I prepare food ahead of time for a party and end up eating it all beforehand. Now I gotta go buy more and prepare it again!
Really? That's pretty cool.
hopper you are the biz.
agreed! it's the one on the Hammer & Bolter antho, volume 1. :D
No worries! We are ALL still learning ... drinking wine seems to help, though.
Would just love to stay in bed :/
Filming the first episode today or rehearsal?
cleaning/repotting/prepping container plants for coming indoors ~first frost will be here before you know it!
cool cool.. check out my boy Dwight Junior. @ www.youtube.com/watchdwight
-Hugs You- Are you okay EJ?!?
kausing kaos will be on very soon be on the look out
all have julian
#ImminentDanger Roy: Series, discussion greatly needed. Painful, bec we're so invested. But shouldnt most invested speak?
Giving Stout a treat EVERY time someone walks by my desk seems to be working! Less nervousness. But now she has a belly FULL of treats.
Photos photos tears!!
A bird just shit like 2 inches from me. I almost had to slap a finch.
need wiki report on value of open content over here at #amia11 - help?
Woo! Go, Ed Herman!
How do we get "I got kinased!" into the lexion?
yall understand my tweet
The red hot Jake Peavy stands between the Red Sox & a 6 game winning streak. Tough one tonight, can the bats pull through?
Thanks for the recipe, can't wait to try it! Sounds intriguing.
god dont u hate that.. I fucking hate it!!!!!
you should find food and then let me know where you find it >.> cause I'm hungry too
tomorrow is HAFCDEBG fellas
Thank you!
Just "imagine", possibilities, "it's easy if you try; no hell below us; above us, only sky..." Happy Birthday, John.
Honestly can't get enough of watching the #BOFRIENDVIDEO !!!
: Yes! Can't wait to see the pics!
Lord of the Ringtones
program or be programmed, they say.
ah! me too! :( where are boyfriends when we need them to watch a chick flick with?!
My experience may be diverse but how does that make me "over-qualified"...I refuse 2 dumb-down my resume (despite advice to do so)!
“I didn’t say that, that’s a lie… I didn’t know that quote from Leviticus because I haven’t read the Book of Leviticus yet." -Pacquiao
Stop spamming me with this shit i dont care fuck off
Good morning! We got more "best kids book of all time" picks yesterday that we didn't share, like: Goodnight Moon. How could we miss that?
For Qs coming in about how the Trending Index is computed. A: TI is based on combined activity level (views, buys, likes & reviews).
Carson = Crypt Keeper
Good news, Apple just approved the 1.1 update, now with Pie Charts!
Malaysian exhibitors keen on Malaysia organising international show similar to Hannover Industrial Fair
Rick Hendrick has a great big smile- 200th Sprint Cup win for
CALL 619.224.3254 and get 30% off of a Harbor View Room when you mention this tweet for stays Tonight through Thursday! CALL now!
we followed :D
craving a good
Sounds like an excellent plan!
You have to be kidding me.
Are you a cat whisperer.
"One game. If we play them 9 times, they might win 5. But not this game. Not. Tonight." #Preds #webelieve (cc: )
I see pain in her eyes, and it shows on her face.
Boldness be my friend. William Shakespeare
Sometimes I wish I was ugly ...
bug mistake..
Islands of Adventure today!
good morning!
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life. -Confucius
Keep me as the apple of your eye; hide me in the shadow of your wings Psalm 17:8
I know things get hard but boy you got it boy you got it there you go, cant you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
ha. publicist.
im finna be dat rapper in them movies too
RT : Home Depot to move Phoenix distribution operations to Riverside: Home Depot Inc. is closing distribution cente......
RT : Tyler Perry just gave an awesome speech
it's definitely up there haha
Thanks for the retweet!
Shout to you. We r tryna get u 2 b in our Movie. Can u FOLLOW me so I can give more Pre-Production Details for our Cpt Film
I woke up singing Lucy in the sky with diamonds.............no idea why. :-)
Applying For Jobs So I Can Take You Places ✈✈✈ #HappilyTaken 👍👌
This is just killing me.
Haha im seeing it tonight too! Arclight? : Movie date later tonight.... With myself.
"Barney, hold on, where are you going?" "The beach. It's winter. Laser tag. Home. Shut up! YOU'RE going somewhere!"
#gophers bball team at Target shopping with those less fortunate. Much respect gentlemen. Merry Christmas!
No 2 hour delay for me tomorrow. :/
seriously? 10.5 hrs? so, so incredible (I'm still a bit weepy)
Stuck in the past
Replay was one of my favorite bars! The patio is bad ass! Have fun in Austin.
Yeah, it's all abt u. Let's exonerate u first, justice for the victim can wait.
Didn't realize tyshaun taylor is 0-20 on threes in the tourney. Think he's due
Three intransitive verbs walk into a bar. They sit. They drink. They leave.
Thank you for following us!
That was the best show yet! Zebs with the cast then back to the school at 9!
- Al, I just watched the Today show and I believe you are getting better looking
That is why I carry a Swiss Army Knife. Borrow at will.
We are looking forward to seeing your room! We love working with you!
There are two ways to argue with a woman ... Neither works
Funny..I'm a dental hygienist, I just had sinus surgery and I am also praising God!!!
So tired but I can't sleep! Ughh.. HMU ! :) <3
Totally screwed up this morning. Sorry :(
The theme for the Denver Broncos draft picks? Where's the beef? We have to get bigger and more physical up front!!!
Abstinence works 100% of the time.
Are you kidding me? I shop for office supplies like most women shop for shoes. I have a stockpile of Post-Its, notebooks and pens.
I am not awake yet
"I follow you on Twitter-- you're boring." Good advice from an awesome professor. Maybe I should return to the Twitter game.
Sorry I was too agrivated yesterday to post yankee gold glove winners...oh wait, there were none.
I honestly didn't know anything about it until mentioned it a bit ago.. I have Kenyon so I'm not sure.
Tell suitors u don't date. Go out with them as friends with other ppl a few X's. U will learn more truths about them w/o dating. I Promise.
I know how you feel! :(
": Man, I've been eating nothing but fucking junk food these past few days! -______-" ...... slow down hun ...:-)
Thank you!!
Once Upon a time #WhenIWas13 I used to stuff my bra :,,,,(
With the iPad, haven't used the laptop in a long time. Find myself touching the laptop screen a lot.
nice alternative to my favorite workplace slur "hetero-normative"
Check out Mundo on 1st Friday! truck will be here passing out free swag!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your posts!
Are you serious?(:
Good night!
Somebody is hacking me. I'm so sorry guys. I'll do my very best to find out who.
... I have a feeling I'm not leaving work until midnight.
when will the winner for the #BlueyRobinson contest be announced? Or have they been announced already :)
Nope, only downstairs. I'll have to check out the open mic sometime!
Nick and u facebook? -.-
where the drug cartel war is at its worst. did you see that 43 people were decapitated and left on a high way in Monterrey
Kaytal: Alito is in play because he's differential to democratic processes.
So I just found out my best friend likes me who's a girl, her brother likes me and my ex loves me o.O got all this news at once!!
What's wrong?
Ive been up al night. Haven't slept at all. Because i'm just a sweet bitch, that's been doing shit for mommys for mothers day! lol.
The lakers gettin' in that ass tonight
[Viral Tip ] Use a video distribution service like TubeMogul to upload your video content to many sites.
I'm a big flirt..
Thanks for the follow from the SJS Team!!
When I tested G+ Hangout record feature, it capture a local video clip I shared in the session in archive. Not sure about Youtube.
We haven't even settled on the phonetic spelling of the Law & Order sound, Louis! First things first.
We are looking for awesome developers to join our team in dc. Contact me for details.
I sure hope this July is more conducive to camping than last July was.
whoa! holy book backlog ~ I started reviewing books a couple months ago...love this little side job - hobby - OBSESSION :)
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch That my skeet can shoot up to 6inches......I measured it.
Looks like my man! A real man...who hunts, cooks, and loves God! Irresistible!!
How would you like to be my sexy ass twitter wife?
Knew tradeshow display just arrived. I'm giddy. This is not normal.
Conclusion - Broad national US #privacy law not likely any time soon.
McNulty: what kind of name is Alma? Alma: I have a boyfriend detective. McNulty: ... is he bigger than me? :)
Contrary to popular belief, old school hip hop is quite therapeutic. Gracias !
Worst day in a while
i'll match ya
I'm writing one now. It's about marriage, and it's hilarious!
Al picks up the valuable shoe sales account for Sterling Cooper Draper Bundy on this week's
#howepicwoulditbe If your last name was Flynn?
Me too! RT : what a loser...I feel bad for sometimes
So it's offensive to blame white males for what they did? Lol
Deepening my understanding of my passions. Excited about having a new filter for my life's work! Thanks Sandye!
Word! I use a program to track unfollowers and then I do the same to them.
BEST SHOW
Belvedere and Grape Soda.
I'm blushing! Thanks for the compliments.
Teaching CS: WVU pedagogues found surprising reluctance among other faculty to use their modules!
I feel horrible :/
where are you from?
best news of the day. Thank you.
“: after my finish at I'm putting in for the What do I have to loose :)” I knew u would. #good job
Lobbyists in that photo represent ethanol producers, environmentalists, oil companies, automakers, advanced biofuels, corn growers. Party.
There is just something relaxing about hitting balls at the driving range, alone..I needed that.⛳😄
Many thanks sir. I wasn't sure where it was in the app, but I found it. Already saving away. :)
Don't forget to hug a Mom this weekend!
WITH THE 1ST PICK FOR YOUR THURSDAY NIGHT HOTSPOT--THE FANS SELECT.....KLUSOZ!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU (BLOWIN KISSES) lol
Lunch money gets stolen, hide behind the Sisters, and snatched off of a golf cart.
MSMQ: "Modeling is a way for us to make explicit the premises for our work"
Thanks for the post on Discover! Happy Perihelion...only 147,055,00 kilometers from the heater :)
The worst! Hootsuite crashed and I'm terrible on Twitter without my columns and..and, I missed it. Thanks for noticing. xo
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM HIS DICK TAST JUST LIKE HIS DADDYS
get up get down, three steps down, my dj gonna break it down.. :)
Going to tour my dream college this summer: University of Pennsylvania <3
Tonight SALMON in Herb Sauce yummy...Join me now: www.TheRoomLive.com
A student is repeatedly screaming "Mr. Rice is a whore!", which is inaccurate. If he said "Mr. Rice is a whore for cheap laughs!", well...
Who else missed over christmas break?
So far, so good with morning fog formation but thicker fog just W & SW of MKE
#coleg special session will start Friday or Monday
Isn't it interesting?
Revising on wine might be a strategy that makes the problem more visible and therefore solvable in the morning.
So good.
great show tonight
No flasks of mercury, I hope. MT : WOW! Just got awesome 60's science lab stuff from Dunbar HS
jamming to smash while getting ready is a great way to start the day.
it's a tough choice. Both are really good.
thank you everyone for following us, we are now following everyone.. about to go to bed more work in the AM
Bored as hell..Caught myself 5 dayss so I guess imma be just bored juring that time -_____-
Terrifying infographic. OMG. I don't even know where to start.
Follow to be in tune with the latest entertainment news
Russell won world championships; can't say the same about Jordan.
I thought that also
Maybe if thy'd put pictures of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
Sit tight, I'll be tweeting the link in the next 24 hours and will give it away on Friday! Watch for details :)
CR England Awards a Harley-Davidson in MPG Promotion - MarketWatch (press release)
My Twitter balance is perfect:: 63/63. Life tastes gorgeous right now!
man im starving in this bitch!!! -__-
GM Working....
Springers book give aways were pretty cool
Money N My Pocet N A Couple Albums Droppn*
Hey, watch it! From a Clevelander.
Thanks for the FF!!
Jeffrey Lancaster: and = All incredibly useful for personal archiving
“: you're following me! ahh! will you please look up mamag005 on YouTube and let me know what u think?" I tried but it didnt work
Classic College radio is in my wheelhouse. Mission of Burma, Pavement, Pixies, and Silver Jews all in the last hour.
I don't know. Textures can gross me out just as much as an awful taste.
Follow my tweets! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;)
heading to Austin this wknd - any must see shows?
home for Mother's Day. Without my mother. Don't know if I can hold off on the Nutella crepes till Monday....
Thank you NCAA for keeping my head from hurting during this UK-Baylor game. Those uniforms hurt my eyes!
Hey, that Oscar Roundtable bit is a work of genius. Fuck the haters.
My fave track from that album is you da one :)
I know, I was jealous that they all got to work on this!
That's right you will! :) RT: Silly class u preventd me from winning TT. But ill get them next time
the town where I live?
oh do not worry.
MY NAME IS MULA!
Hi! I hope you're doing well! :) We're tracking tonight. We'll get you music super soon!
Three. More. Pages. Two hours. It's possible...right?
small window.Prince still signed up for 2010, arby for 2011 and then we'll see how bad antanasio wants to keep him after that
Carcass successfully removed by lovely and very brave coworker
holy shit. he was talking about jews "that fell asleep in rooms and ovens" i cant make this up....that was serious.
Kinda hungry
I had the weirdest dream about you ... I was taking a shower and you randomly appeared !
Night night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite!
No way! The #dancemoms were at Sansha?! That's across the street from me!
Can it be august...please
Great I have a coupon :)
can you call me and wish me a happy birthday because today is my birthday.....my number is (216)456-4561
- HAPPY birthday to my lil sister I love u so Much :)
Please GET THE JOB DONE!
clueless on tv & the crap they say. There's a reason they r on the tv & not running $$ anymore
RT "In many classrooms, the smartboard is just the new blackboard."
Pretty soon we'll be offering some Ethiopia Tchembe N2 coffee. We've had this in the past, and it's amazing.
Tony Bobo and Cowgirls lose after coach Garrett ices their own kicker. Ha!
Just witnessed some guy get to 2nd base with that drinking fountain... Nasty
#FF our Annual Award Winners:
I suck at sleeping in
David west is an idiot
Being there for rides to & from work, scool, babysitting painting study, hold down family house & go todance & socialize is a lot of work
Is it short people day on campus
Some people should not be allowed to drive
Crazy up in here
You got a link to something yet or what?
lol - my Self usually says "I have LOTS of excuses!". - not tonight! 5 mi - 42:37
Proverbs 16:19 Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
Good morning & TGIF! "Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." -Albert Einstein
lol it's alright. but yeah. we can rent one there
Teenage bliss after seeing Channing Tatum on the red carpet
Dancing to pitbull with nick and his mom <3
Armenia has a population of 2.9 million, while the number of Armenians outside the country is about five million.
My dad got mad at me for saying the word "crap"...seriously
Hella girls in the stalls , but not one is making any noise . Until I walked in ; they flushed
it would have made a heck of a bonfire haha
do u still go to Shiloh
That can be your knock-off of my bestseller...
Justin Beck, PerBlue's Co-Founder & CEO, will be speaking today We missed #UWRightNow -- but we'll tweet it anyway.
Accustom yourself continually to make acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul. ~ St. Teresa of Avila
We'll get right on it. Any special way you would like it cut?
Ultimate Warrior Theme as walk up music? lol
Merry Christmas to my friends in eastern time! Still gotta wait 3 hrs for it over here in Cali...
you are great thanks
And let's not talk abt teeth omg if I was a nigga I would be so picky and u couldn't even suck my dick if ur mouth ain't no a toothbrush
a writers guide to fiction by elizabeth lyon
Well time to end my night in good company and to the sounds of Coldplay :) Night "Tweetas"
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with. - Golda Meir
Heights of serene contemplation
Now it's time to publish it! Haha
Don't say sorry, just keep yer stash away from your subtweets.
where are you living in Poland? What piece of boltanskis was it?
Well...i seem to have lost my voice, but the good news is I sounded like prince in our demo session today. Not gonna complain about that.
Thanks! I will send an email too.
I feel like I'm in Chav land at Alton towers 😁 ...
You know, I thought your name was Spanish for a while there... ;) RT I wish I could speak spanish, seriously.
I need to trade this lexus in...smh
congratulations! I figure it's an honor even to be considered by such cool dudes, right?
changing the mistakes on the paper sheet music that music notes sent me. Song is staying the same. :)
I did just that Michelle! RIP my hams/glutes!!! 😖😝RT : Kill It Gale!
please don't come in today and if you do, keep your germs at your end of the hall.
"We are treated such wonderful work as " giving remarks to the smal but mighty staff &
"you so skinny, yo nipples touch" - rotfl 😝
Is anyone awake? Lol, my timeline is so dead.
Yeah, thanks.
no like undoubtedly. like you don't even understand
Don't wait for the a-ha, just listen carefully. It's everywhere.
perhaps it was created by a Rangers fan posing as a Devils fan for that precise reason. That's the only logical explanation.
Sometimes caring too much can be your biggest weakness.
Thanks for the RT!
Yea I follow even though I don't live in Massachusetts. Why? Because it's awesome.
Agreed With the continued growth of mobile and the app store, we will see more of this. DrawSomething: 50mil downloads/50 days!
RT FUN MOVIE SCREENING ALERT: DARK SIDE OF OZ plays this Friday, October 23rd @ 8pm INSIDE
Congrats 571.7kfollowers;) always I'll to loe u! We are arriving in 600k followers, let's go my prince!
Looks like I'm stranded up north.
Who will have a better pro career Locker or Tebow?
I can't go over how adorable my background is, ok. I'm sorry.
So damn bored can't wait to go home
Mr. Kent Lind! the one and only! follow me back my airbrush brother!
Treat me the way you expect to be treated
itz 40 min all multiple choice but 1 of those questions she has to fix bc I knw its wrong
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing.
Thank YOU, Sarah!
iv missed you!<3 :)
'What is important is that we can build a homogeneous #South Africa on the basis not of colour but of human values.'-Chief Albert Luthuli...
I was not planning on spending money today I blame
what's going on with them? hurting?
Surprise hours again today! We'll be here from 10-2 today. Come on down for brunch!
Happy Birthday! RT I am now the answer to life, the universe, and everything.
Completely heartbroken at the moment.
Good idea. I have a series of three that will be finished soon. Then hit the promo.
I was so upset for some reason. Then I thought about ad his smile then I suddenly felt better. No joke.
We'd definitely be into having our music featured on your station. Let us know if you need some mp3 or wav. files
oh...... That's uh.... Nice. I don't think I've ever heard the word until I was like 13
I am followed everywhere i go... The joy of having dogs...
Want a great breakfast idea!? Spread whipped creamcheese on the everything or seseme parmcrisps! All the flavors of a bagel and no carbs!
I FREAKING LOVE YOU!!!!
It gonna be alone
i forgot to text you.!
A&A is proud to welcome Evan Greene, chief marketing officer at to our corporate advisory board. Follow him
And I will always love you:)
Oh my gosh. I hate being sick at work. Dayquil is where it's at today
he's not on that level
Giroux/Crosby will be better over the long haul than Ovechkin/Crosby
You better start following me! lol
You got it!
Same voice too
nothing much..wats up with u?
Ovechkin to the box? Missed it.
Maple bacon creme brûlée? How did you know.
"One woman, two men, and a game called Touch Me..." Haha gotta <3 my
scary audition for House. Had to speak fluent german!!! :/
He said if he could get me to be his girl, he so would... #imbeingmean #hessocute ahahahaha
Severe thunderstorms on January...nice...
RT : .: The faceless PR professional is going away. You need a face to be credible
on it.
thank you to for inclusion on this list: /social-media-to-be-giants
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes!
I didn't realize I was less than content with Delicious until checking out Pinboard just now. Tempting...
The #badgers don't have the killer instinct
Kickstarter backers. Check your emails! We have sent you an update and may need some information from you.
lol hell yeah he was... was soo gone lol
Running till I black out
what SB's does he have. I know me and my dude would be interested
“There's a sucker born every minute” -P.T. Barnum
you guys are metal… no need for fluffy happy non-realism.
Follow back? (:
2 more games in the books + BNN stays perfect in broadcasting postseason games (5-0). My sideline reporting career lives another week
Did we meet when my ensemble came to perform at Princeton? I'm thinking not, actually... We played for Chinese Students Assoc
Chris Harnick: 'The Good Wife' Recap: From 'The Penalty Box' To The Dark Side
Correction Amy Sedaris ( how the F did that get spelled wrong) is afraid of librarians? Why Amy why?
Hm, Calgon I was thinking the same thing at work today.
Homemade facial peel: Hot tea steam in your face. I swear it's working...
let me know how it is. I want to see it!
had tons of fun last night with and
I'll go the extra mile to make you smile
George Washington travels through cheering crowds in Baltimore on his way home, following his Presidency. March 12,1797.
I am so happy the sky is clear. Hopefully it will stay that way so we can see supermoon!
Creativity = Previously Unrelated Idea 01 + Previously Unrelated Idea 02
I love
Feeling the itch to migrate South for the winter...
You're not the same person you used to be. I liked the old you better .
A Fathers work is Never done.My lil girl is under the weather..Breaks my Heart!!
Me and Aubri on chill mode
wife had same problem with her younger brother, I think he finally let her win. :)
spotted on a How I Met Your Mother rerun! love her! (if they can't save BFF, can she be the mother?)
makes me kiss him :)
<< naw u safe
Thanks Terrence for the mentions. Hope you and your family had a nice holiday weekend.
Thank you! See you wednesday!
my son is going!
melting bday cake
Lord, please don't let me be late for my final
Overheard @ work: "I'm going to take a 10 minute nap" & the bathroom door closes. It's hard out there for a PR girl
Does anyone know why the #Geneva isn't open 24 hours?
not too shabby so far =P
aww. *tear* have fun guys lahh ya
not yet we only had 2 shows so far in the north east. Our next show is at the uaca hall right off broad.
Garden State is on! looking out for the scene featuring my celeb friend
It's my mom's birthday today ! i love you so much mom :)
Brii's party tonight. Hell Yeahh, ready to have fun(:
none...on the money. Copy pasted from a good source!
“: #np Grand Verbalizer #Sisssssssssy!” <-- just started runnin down that whole third verse in my head lol
#YouKnowShesTheOne when she doesn't smash the computer over your head for being on Twitter all damn day. "RIP Facebook"
I could talk to you all day and night and never tire.
you are my heaven. <3
Folks, I'm looking for studies on the economic impact of #prizes. I have the McKinsey report, Harvard's work, and GT's work. Others?
you're sick
oh lawd. I drank Starbucks yday morning. :( worst decision right there. Haven't had it in months.
I guess its bittersweet the Only Cleve Football team which can beat a Pgh team is Arena Football,they are celebrating in Cleve
just ordered my official copy of priceless inspirations...cant wait to read it!!! Heard it was definitely a good book...
is talking abt trusting our instincts. So true. We have to stand 4 the power of our gut & trust ourselves
[LIVE] Late night renegade w/ INB4 on Afterhours.FM
Lil kim don't need do anything for Ya 'LL haters!! Its all about the fans and what they want, so sit down shit stopping now!!!
Some some straight hulk ultimate destruction in avengers.
just signed up for an invitation request for google voice...sounds like a great service. hope it works well!
Going job hunting
Happy Friday to you too! Be Blessed!
LOL at people who treat facebook like twitter .
no way?
RT On that note, I guess I will do my daily self-flagellation and go exercise.
A3 Standardize outbound comm processes & train employees across the marketing, sales and customer service groups on new core messaging
Messing with a bunch of girls is #fuckedup. Stick to one and you will atleast get one.
Think im gonna have to child proof my cabinets to keep my dogs out of them.
Feeling slighted by Google. No Wave invitation for me. Did I offend Google when I used Bing one time?
Did you watch it last night?
Project ID tonight at 7:30. Come to Chatham and see it DAMN IT!
My family is full of #lawyers. Worked for solos for over 25 years. I luv my #attorneys!
lol just give it away before she steals it
RT If you can't deal with a #Cancer's mood swings then you don't deserve their love.
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Its okay, i'm a #POWERBOTTOM!!!
Rounding the final turn on this ESPN book...what did you all think?
to be honest, I believe that the vast majority of us are, myself included. Guess it depends on how you define it.
No I havent met Mr. Right yet, but I have met Mr. Fake, Mr. Rude, & Mr. Player.
Wait til you see my new tattoos! Darling crickets on both of my hands.
Yeah! I feel bad now, not about the Microsoft Points. Just the fact that EA's servers are down and I'm banned from GoW3..
I have a headache 😒
Come support Alzheimer's Association next Wed at Cocktails for a Cause!Drinks complimentary after donation from Shaker Vodka!
Sometimes knowing the right thing to do is the hardest to figure out. I wish I could just have a sign showing me the way to go.
Still trying to decide what feels better, gym in the #am or after work? Let's see how it unfolds this week.
finding you on twitter just made my day! Will be planning trip 2 4 dec. First time w/ food allergy daughter
Sports Letters to the Editor: Sunday, May 6
love getting this text: "I'm gonna make dinner. And you'll eat what I make."
MAD MEN and business consulting: Management consultant could identify problems at SCDP quickly, would SCDP Partners act on recommendations?
Pittsburgh QB Randall stripped of ball. recover at 22. Garcia hits Willis for score on next play. SA up on Power, 40-32, in third.
I'm good! I was at a networking thing last night at RFD. How are you?
I don't have time for complacency and average.
I used to give a fuck but now it's a different story.
shouts to my, Fans supporters, Hip Hop heads, Israelite Ahk / Ahkote that support my music...I Definitely got keep feeding you that Real!!!
Shout out to ! #ff =D
Enjoyed appearing on this morning - thank you for having me!
Congrats! Celebration!
The North American lottery system makes about $70 billion every year... More than the movie, music and porn industry combined.
Looking good on the steps !
Someone just puked at The Institute show. Woo!
or you come to kansas city!
I might just beat someone's ass this week.
I'm not in bed by nine...REBEL. ;)
Four horses were rescued by helicopter in Southern California after toppling into a ravine on their annual 4-day, 62-mile ride
: Haloo back at cha, but it's Mrs.
haha,random and y? :)
Damn! It was only 2 hours ago. :(
I will never be able to watch Empire again without seeing dancing Lobot in my head. It's funny every time.
yo wats good home u still have the same email.
RT for a full week of all access members picks for a unbelievable price of 35$!! Regularly 139.95$ get the deal here
office sing-a-long time :)
Funny how quickly things change. Literally, in the blink of an eye.
it was an early night for the boy last night bra...Had to work today
thanks for the love
Did you hear the new Elvis Costello live album? I heard it's "WHEELY" Good! RT: : the new Elvis Costello live album
AACC tonight in the SAC Ballroom as actor Brian White speaks on navigating the business of success!"
RT : For short video, I think it would be good to just make one point.
We want to wish everyone a happy and prosperous
I'm going to try better than I already have.
I need a few hours to clear my thoughts
Dont worry...be
Headed to the Love the sunday mornings of life.
I'm a virgin during the day,so u tell me..lol
thx! you'll always be welcome here...with or without your dj setup! ^dw
I received a selfpromo spam blast email from an "accomplished leader of global digital influence" If u guy who I'll give you a shiny quarter
I agree with you. Ohio State won't get nailed but they'll get some form of punishment.
thank you!! i happened to buy fresh strawberries from the farmer's market yesterday so i'm tryin the recipe now :D
we don't see eachother enough so we turned the away game into a game we were could drink.
My last tweets were a poem that I wrote.
Am hoping they didn't fine-tune it due to checking out my split ends upon check-in. Love freebies!
Thanks katie! :)
Tell them to have me! I would KILL to be there!!!!
RT “: Junior# QA #Tester -Charlotte, NC: immediately. Testing #mobile functionalities with HP QC experience. #job DM 4 details
I'm crossing all 10 fingers for ya :-)
Anyone have moving company recommendations? Milwaukee to Chicagoland Area.
and from the crew will be at Pier 45 this evening to network with Who else will be there?
We will be at on Saturday to be presented with a charity cheque before kick-off. Give us a wave!
ahahaha , bra i was just playn
Watching Brad Paisley play on Invitation Only. Does he ever play a non-paisley guitar?
in the past hour tho! and I just finished the last episode of season 2 of breaking bad last night this dude stay in some shit lol
Long and stressful day at work? Need a drink ? Come to la Cofradia we got what you desire !
Haha, didn't you win it last year?
Thanks for hosting a great event RT : Thanks for coming and supporting the #BellevueMingle! RT
“: said ”hey its vegas up here,” smh save your booy one word grenade!!!!!!”no this is too much fun! Lets go!!!
Dam shit just ain't right I should've stayed where I was at til I got my shit right I can't help u n its killing me what am I to do :'(
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
I like 1D songs when other people sing them. :)
Single biggest disruption – discovery of ebooks. There’s an “infinite amount of clutter” (parallel universe?) ereading survey panel
Hurlburt Field in Fort Walton Beach Florida. He's not currently overseas (yay!), but he was and will be.
Thank you SO much for the follow. Just a question, do you ever check your dms?
"It`s hot in here.." "Sorry, should I leave?"
I am searching for more #Salsa dancers to follow. Any recommendations?
Have a safe and Happy New Year!!
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." -- Alan Stein ()
some great #networking this afternoon at #NYTechDay!
So, it's been another Kevin Garnett game. Keeping the #Celtics in this.
Plan for prosperity!!!
give me an hour and a half to get home
Sad, true, hilarious RT : Vincent Jackson leaves SD. "The San Diego Chargers: We Make Them Stars, You Make Them Champions"
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
We are getting a lot of compliments for our bread today.... The secret..? The weather is making our dough yummy!!! Try it!!!OPEN TILL 12 am
Kids growing up sucks.
lol:bet they dont try 2 ride bikes on STs barely wide enough 4 2 cars & then demand 3' to pass. also, euro bikers R not jerks.
Lol. That amazing not awkward moment when Jamie says he's gonna put on an 'inappropriate' song, and then he's dancing.
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl with my drummer. Peri's, the Sleeping Lady, and 19 Broadway in one night!
Something in the back of mind was telling me I should've taken the rest of that crawfish pie home with me...
i think tanning really is addicting! i thought i was the only one that thought that!
Yeah. It'll definitely catch your attention on a newsstand.
dogs > cats in my opinion so i didn't feel horrible, besides, it was dead already (x Haha
“: Hey , ignore all those guys and thanks for my awesomely termed mortgage! #seamayday #whitepeople” Truth
love you too Sweet thing! Let reschedule lunch PRONTO!!
Ouch! So that's why they say "let cool in microwave for 1-2 minutes after cooking".
lost 2 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 49 pounds so far.
what? we're donating organs to facebook? they already have all my personal information and my soul.
all them ghetto tunes were knocked out that way. I haven't heard it yet.. but...
sorry for the late response, we are hoping to have the call for volunteers out within the next week
yup. If Pack has a great season, won't even matter. Someone like Jim Harbaugh with one successful season will sure to get it
Unrelated: is anyone else seriously freaked out by that Fergie Cherry Dr Pepper commercial?
The menu book has alot of pages alot of options...i couldnt decide so i just got watever lol
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
cause unless your actually bowling, its boring... Lol
Sittin with talking about how we love following 
what happened to "it's a #classic" lol
#FernandoTorres scores for #Chelsea against QPR. Damn he's a good looking man.
The boys of summer are back, now that will mess with the TV programing. Bad enough we have to put up with American Idol.
: Some reports pop in & out of council mtgs. I like to stay for whole mtg.
I think it should go in between. Break up the Durkin monopoly on the block.
Stirred up out of bed today by a super sexy soprano sax street musician
I always step it up for my all time favorite teacher
Wishing everyone safe travels this weekend with all the winter weather rolling in!
Done and done!
Read our new blog post by storyteller Lou Ann Homan, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Everyone wants the truth..But no one wants to be honest
I wanna forgive but I just can't.
That sounds like a great arrangement! Call me in my office: 951.925.3808 I'd love to give you some advice. Ask for Trent.
Majmoo comes from the #Arabic word majmoo'ah which means group or gathering. May #Allah strengthen the
45 minutes till oral arguments in the #SB1070 case begin!
guess what abbey. They ARE dating. Ugh. :'(
Follow back ? ;)
I could be wrong but I think all discussion related to the task would be kept in the app itself.
Just saw on TV:)
OF MICE & MEN ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!!!
the next Bachelorette? I thought she had a new boyfriend...
Could you please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me, or RT this.. Please..
Watching dance moms makes me wish I was a better dancer
Night everyone! Weeks almost done(:
Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What really hurts is remembering how they used to be.
What would you like to ask President Obama during his trip to Western Washington?
Trut confirms this in emails to me: clearly foxes not reached domestic state yet. Repro and other reasons.
Hard to sleep when ur missing a part of u
We're doing our V-Day Omakase Menu all weekend. Can't find the spot you want for Monday, try Friday or Sunday.
you know it is
Ah I'm still upset that step boyz went home :'(
sometimes my mom wish I was sweet like strawberries when I'm really bitter like lemon juice. Its cute when she thinks its just a phrase
Planning a party, girls night in, or...? House of Steep csn help! Chair massages, tea tastings, and fun!
In Life You Have Eyes On The Front Of Your Head instead Of The Back, So You Can Look Twords the Future & Not At The Past Behind you..
yeah, they got all that new fangled technology! Lol! Have these guys seen a game before?
Okay. Must go eat...later
the nearly opened starbucks is nearly fabulous. We were only there for about 15 mins...
correction, got a C or better haha
Chilly, windy, and looks like its gonna get wet today. I was hoping the weatherman was wrong today but I guess not =\
Thanks very much Mike. I appreciate it. See you soon.
#nyy #yankees If everyone on the team is expected to bunt, no one will feel like it is a punishment... just smart baseball Joe BASEBALL 101
MT : TAL's show was great. I take such inspiration from them, hope I can do something that good with games someday.
Must be an accident: FSWEST giving fans replay of Bynum's lethargic game. Even Kobe's 4th Qtr brilliance didn't bail them out.
Q: What do you call a carpenter working in a electrical panel? A: Dead!
NOPE! Makes no sense at all
I thought our robes were black?
I have become an insomniac. -.- I was almost asleep when my body literally jerked & woke me back up. :( idk what's wrong.
Social Cam is like a video version of Instagram - an easy way to share short videos via social networks.
#ConfessionNight I'm from Arizona!!!!
My mouth is on fire
Humans: lazy, we share & creatures of habit. How do we hack our natural traits to bring more value?
If someone asks you what i'm like just say "she's like a Greg kinnear type."
Wow, what is Eddie's job status now? I actually hate NBA, but really how slow&methodical can u really play w/a 24 second clock.
... I'll tell you a 3rd time if you'd like?
working on today's posts. its a little bit of a cluster fuck
I'm actually jealous.
Is DVD called Chuck Jones Collection that has RTT, Cricket in Times Square, White Seal. Didn't realize all animated by him
teachers union prez claims that "majority of parents dont support petition"- fascinating, since 70% of parents signed it. #really?
hey, are you goin to florida next year??
Thanks for the Hottest Bartender shout-out!
playing with bespin and ubiquity - interesting new model
it was a good time, but the story lacked. I cannot get into that Loki guy as being terrifying. Looks like PeeWee Herman.
Would love to see authors/publishers require citations for illustrations. Too many publications only have inst. name listed
Aliyah won't marry me.
Going to the beach(:
No, it's a good thing. Thank you.
grrr.. Comcast is making me mad. About 2 seconds from shipping the box back
Santorum 2.0 was refreshing, but few in PA forgot 1.0. Race may be interesting.
if you knew how much I wanted you to cone to England, you might pass out
Is it Friday yet?
good job... can't wait! cause its going on 2 years. U know i always support the cause! so I'll be there
Definitely scary! It's getting harder to even call it food anymore. More like chemistry set surprises & genetic mutant snacks.
Wishing upon a star for my #MegaMillions ticket to hit! When I win, I will buy the a World Series!
RT : #atlwomen Provide free services as a way to build credibility.
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller after every mistake.
Signed local car dealer for interactive SMS alerts. Movin' & groovin'
Nice work!
Y'all need to follow my son, ! He is seen pacin' in the background of my original interview.
Molly Stack with a Yellow, you got stacked?
Good girl!
very nice!
Gotcha. I was so pumped when I noticed your handle on there.
Eric and I spoke and in Senatopia Mississippi and we certainly enjoyed working with teens for tate. They are awesome!
Thanks for RT!
I am following you Kali Anna can you please follow me
Tired of your routine? check out Active.com for training guides, info about 5K, 10K, and marathons, as well as other sports!
Im going to be wearing and purple and grey shirt i have glasses come meet me (:
I live in the web, but in my role at school I use all kinds of other software. Could I or my colleagues live out of a Chromebook?
There's always a challenge so I must be doing something right..
that's all I could think about after I left u lmao. Hit me when u get back to the city
My mom ruins everything.
have fun w/ this weekend Chicago - he just tore #minnesota to pieces!
“: Meth wrote me the only essay to tell me why he banned me for some basic shit lol smh” OL' Top flight security ass nigga.
but I personally can't stand the GA's. Not my kind of activism...
Met with a Project Manager and Digital Marketing experts today... things are going well. BELOW THE BRIM is on the move
Well I reside solidly in the non-FBer camp. I think it has its merits if you're selling a service or a product, and yes, it can be..
good. Here on my lunch break. I miss you. Can I see you this weekend?
Embroidered polos, printed tees, uniforms & corporate apparel. Call 877-244-9913 mention #Twitter for 20% off ur first order!
NFM as a resource. Providing information to those looking to form coalitions. Research/numbers/etc. Knowledge is power.
Who went out of XFactor & Strictly please my honies?
you can't make it for a second day,what is up with u and these schedule changes?
I'm sure you did. Because you got bitch in your blood. Your mother should have raised you not to be such a stupid little bitch
60min international connection, "express connection" card got me through. Many thanks :)
lmfao mine too
#RedSoxNation celebrating 100 years @ Fenway today, and home season opener. #TerryFrancona where are you?!?!?!
Gov. #Jindal announces Nalco Co. will build dry polymer facility at its Garyville plant, creating 22 new jobs, retaining 235 existing jobs
I love making people laugh !!
hiding wer uh been
tell me about it, we just bought 15 of them!
My game has been cancelled :(
Ok I had the weirdest dream 0.o
Do you snore or have sleep apnea, know someone that does? Did you know we can help with a simple mouth appliance? call today 303 975 6987
Most love songs i think are about cars.
some moments dont require you to think twice.
Congrats and good luck!
took care of it when I got home.
I love yo ass
Your tweets are the best I love them.
Hey friends! We are brainstorming for new products... Would anyone be interested in hand-crafted headbands?
RT Air_Esquire Stuntin what we bout money what we bout double em gee out
If you arent him, I prolly wont text back. Lol, sorry but I dont care to talk to weird ass peoplee that dont mean much.
Temple Run is so addicting..
but it's so purtty.
but which aunt Vivian is it?
Forgot I had a free oil change :)
follow back please:) thanks
Portland, OR!
Troubled that tea is the fourth ingredient of the botted green tea I had with lunch.
Better Web Builder - htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op . It's FREE!
Dr. Patty Olson challenging vet med paradigms at #SNIPSummit - need to evolve and continue to challenge each other.
yep your not I hope lol
thanks man! I knew it wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea.
best of luck to you!
Explored the city of Ottawa tonight and really enjoyed it. Nice pubs! Made me realize how I miss to sit outside in a T-shirt at night.
way to not fix my typo, and make me look like an idiot.
Great morning meeting with So happy to be working with them. We value our partnerships with reputable builders.
Psssst girlfriend. I'm lonely without you. Come snuggle.
consider it done
I have no job, I have no money, I have no car, but I'M IN A BAND :D
I am all sorts of tired and pissed. Can't believe I am up this early on a Saturday. Ashton betta come out cuz I think I'm getting punked
Every weekend I'm moved to say the same thing: there's just no better show on TV than
Happy Labor Day! Take the day off knowing your hard work is appreciated =)
please follow me <3 I love yoou
Nani coming on for Young. Lets go Nani!!!!
The Green Goddess was hittin' on all 8 tonite. Delicious!!!!
I think I'm ready!
I think its funny when you call someone out on their shit they delete you off facebook
Ready to do the clerics bench dance #CelticsNationBitch 🍀💚🍀💚🍀
Bill agrees -- bears need to learn too!
Hey, how'd that Aston Villa meeting go?
Congrats on your transformation. Saw your before/after pix!
An open mind is a healthy mind.
aw shucks :)
thank you that's just 1 of 3 that I have
Psychopathic racists with guns kill people, not hoodies. What world are you living in?
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 3
I do what I do to win
"the secret of war lies in the communications"
Mary Cook will be doing a short segment on WGN Chicago in a few minutes - tune in!
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe: Our work is the presentation of our capabilities
"Dennis, how come you're using two caddies today?" "My wife tells me that I don't spend enough time with my kids."
RT Always leave room in your life for things that make you happy
Thanks for the follow! My life’s passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves, NOT an advisor and Wall Street.
In the morning super early- I'll be there tonight.
Just putting it out there... I follow whomever follows me ;) <3 That's how much I love getting new followers :D
Just 2 more days til the premier of “Nepal’s Stolen Children,” a documentary on #humantrafficking hosted by on 6/26!
Ohio Special Services Group - Proven, Tested, Trusted, contact us today!
lol..I'm soo slow jajaja I just realized was u meant
thanks for following me!!!!
I totally just watched Infernal Affairs 2 & 3 back to back. There goes my Sunday.
Story time! Tonight she picked "Mary Poppins." Well played, kid. Well played.
sounds great. Lol, me and him would make some sexy babies!(; lmao.
When u see me out I be like hell yea
I've seen enough ugliness to last a lifetime - from now on, I will live a life of servitude - - - dedicated to absolute beauty...
I am sick of not sleeping i hate staying up all night i want to sleep..
darn that wouldve been fun. We had Football practice till 6:30 tho
I wish Netflix would hurry up and get it.
Thanks, Patricia! XOXO
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Lisa Harmon |Creative Fabricator
We love our Twitter followers :)
Stupid boys and there video games .
lol i think the puppy is so much cuter..jk;)seriously though is it a boy or girl and whats its name
I'm thankful for you! X
JBF award winner 2012 Nina Barrett eating lunch at Atwood as we speak,... congrats Nina on the award!
Kicking someone in the mouth as retaliation for insulting you is not an equivalent response
ok..i know we are tired of the snow...but you have to admit it is truly the most beautiful site!....heavenly made...delicate and gentle...
I know right! I love it (: And it's also a great dance that my teacher came up with. It shows this really awesome transformation.
I like how you repeated "in the UK" You know ya gotta get the point across.
hey you! are you coming tonite?! i miss you!
At court..sleepy head :(
Nut is good for your hair true or false shining message us answer
I know exactly how you feel : I think I am a little too multi-talented LOL”
or michael douglas in falling down.
I wish I wasn't at work right now
Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving, make every day a holiday and celebrate just living! -Amanda Bradley
Wish I was tired again.
Hey, the Cincinnati airport likes roller derby. RT Best time in the region this weekend -- against ...
thanks for checking us out again! It's been far too long. Have a great night!
is diggin this thing called Twitter.....
CNBC finally switched to hockey (PDX). What happened for the first hour? But no sound yet.
if u in cincy on Ch 4 2nite...public access channel
Follow back fam
Social represents a revolution in the industry matched only by stone tablet, printing press & the internet.
You blame other people for the things you do and accuse people of what they are not. What's your problem??
I just took a quiz on how well I know on J-14's website and I answered all of them right, they said "Your Obsessed"
Absolute domination thus far. Shana is super strong.
So glad you had a good time!
Happy Birthday !! :) Love youu and hope youu had an amazing dayy!
Great! My group, VAA, needs more volunteer mentors to help vets get jobs. E-mail me @
What type of talent are you working with?
It's 2012 grow up and get it together, NOW!
Drinks after? lol
That was a joke. I'm not even wearing a shirt. Could get messy.
The second half of France were much less successful fact that until ...
Whats up Mr. D Pete. Whats the slate looking like for you?
Whoops. Was on the wrong account.
endgame will just lead to defan and being brothers but from what the writers and people are implying I dunno :/
my teeth hurt
There's already a database with some info on printers/publishers. can't remember name of it
Thx for the shout out. Nice to write about people doing good work and fighting the good fight.
Veteran leadership of course.
yup. Pretty unfiltered and much better than the first episode.
RT Yup. Pretty weird for a team like this to start its All Star vacation early. But that's what it looked like.
I was really hoping Quickie would throw down just then.
love that girl
Omg I slept like a baby
happy #monday all! how is your week going so far? anything happening this week?
so yall telling me if i make n sextape yall wouldn't talk to me smh ole well
hey, sure np. Perhaps next time! Thanks! :)
yea I do whatcha say! but I'm not gonna wait till 60. Ha
Collard green, macaroni and cheese, green beans.....coconut pineapple cake with ginger ale
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
A little Faith will take you a long ways, but a lot of Doubt will get you nowhere!
IT'S CRAZY THAT MY RIGHT HAND MAN #Pause AIN'T NEVER BEEN OUT OF MILWAUKEE!!!
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
'the wanted suck' me: bitch I'd kill you but I'm totally against animal cruelty.
my phantom runs on swagg. Fill-up's free, just drop me a line.
if you had Cinemax, ferris buehler is on demand.
You're welcome! RT watched a show & suddenly remebered yr lecture in Örebro. totally related to yr words THANKS
Question from an audience member: "Games for learning? Like 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?'" Well... No. Goodness no.
I hope everyone is having a good morning.
RT RT Boehner says "the president is refusing to get serious about addressing our fiscal and economic challenges."
Most likely get my computer back tomorrow. My email is: . If any wants to contact me or if anyone cares... Bye
im in envy
everyones gathering around the fire... what lyric line is that from? :)
we better just start striking the ball at this guy. we gotta pull at least a point out of this debacle.
he will, he follows me .
I was tryna call y'all ": I think that man wrote down the license plates smh"
Don't leave home without your wallet. Lesson learned. On the way to #LA for game
Pop sensation Justin Bieber has allowed his song "Born to be Somebody" to be used in ads for the documentary Bully, saying he hopes his f
Would ever go out with me? I really wanna know!:)
Man i wanna go to prom . :/
-- plus I like the Dickinsonishness of it: C19, am.
when will advanced tickets go on sale???
Had a great time with my baby at the movie's
please let me hear from you tomorrow around 5,oo pm and i will reply to you sexy thing thank you
OMFG LET ME HELP! RT : holy shit i found a whip to beat the kids with xD
21st and lincoln sighting: guy trying to fix his car with a nail gun... just let the bumper drag dood
can def have more, sometimes I have even 50! They're high in calories but that doesn't necessarily mean they're bad for you!
I literally give up on today.
If someone told you that you were not going to amount to anything. I am here to tell you that they lied! You are more than conqueror!
Why is there still no One Direction tab on your website?? Look how many followers they have, they need their own page!! :)
5 minutes into #Moneyball I realized I paid money to watch 2 and a half hours of baseball.
I know you don't smoke weed... I know this... But I'm gonna get HIGH today... Cause it's..... Finish the line!! Let's see who knows the rest
: I followed you
Funny! It feels like it. I think we all can agree that current pols don't seem to have pulse of needs of Americans.
Our process is designed to walk through several key components each delivering a distinct strategic response.
vampire diaries rocks! man i wish i was in that show! i really wanna act!
everyone is going to crib for some soup and karaoke!
I'm so tired
opt me out of junk mail. Those value packs dont have good coupons anyway.
Closing on 600 follows! Thank you!
I love how if I'm not having a good day i can just take my camera and discover something new its an amazing feeling to get the perfect shot
We're giving away a KEURIG BREWER! Twitpic us a photo of you at our new St. Rose & Eastern location for your chance to win! No purchase nec.
love the Coca Cola advert that comes out during Christmas time, it makes winter actually feel like winter :')
Of course there are always exceptions and poor decisions by medical staff. A life or future should never be risked for sport
Wish or will?will or wish?.
The problem is that the schools are. And most folks are scared of the violence that happens inside. Ask teachers. They'll tell
Another night, Another dream, wasted on you.
Late Night tweets made my night So Much Better hahaha!
everybody Wang #Chen tonight!
the police handled it. Regardless of GZ race it is quite obvious he had a problem with black people and he s/b arrested
It was pretty great!
Isn't it amazing how a song presented at the right time has the power to bring you to your knees?
And somewhere Brendan Kelly is still trying to tackle Braxton Miller in the backfield.
Our Hero is a perpetual breath of fresh air.
I want to! I have my 3 items ready but it's the same time as my bday plans :( but i will try to see if i can still make it!
Metadata granularity and normalization
I wish you would notice how it is
“: Onto the next series ... Do the Lakers have enough fuel to outlast the young gun Thunder?” No.
Y does no one talk about law when they talk about gay marriage? Our laws assume marriage is between a man & a woman.
In line outside the 9:30 Club in DC for a They Might Be Giants concert.
But first off to for #cleaning stuff
Do you have water in your basement? A plumbing pipe that broke? Water on your floor? Call Statewide Disaster Restoration 888-822-9500✆
I always call my iPhone an iPod
No, just loving mom :)
teehee, you should buy those portable fans that you can spray water on your face x)!
At least we made it to the playoffs
Hey I wanted to thank you beautiful ladies for the follow as it blew me away
Histriock My Body >
Have you gotten your TdaP vaccination yet? The shot you got as a baby won't cover you know. Whooping Cough is awful. Get the shot!
ok cool! Makes more sense when you sing it. Appreciate that! Awesome job on The Late Show brotha man
my grades..
I wish I'd read the part of the recipe that says 'freeze overnight' earlier.
Aww, I want to come! I can be the Actor's Key representative haha.
last round of ideas for show due tomorrow for this season. What have you always wanted to see on the show?
yes...! lol ; ohh its somebody you dont wanna leave!?
done. RT : Detroit's reckless D-line aggression requires a LB like Tulloch behind it or you get the Eagles.
Come out tonight to the Farmer's Market from 6-9 for an evening of wine, beer, hors d'oeuvres, bluegrass and a silent auction!
lets go Dallas!!!!!
- both!! Very interesting story...a shame that it didn't go anywhere!
Headed back to the studio soon!
Definitely. They didn't receive great feedback, but they learned by teaching. Had to explain that to each one, though
#thoughtswhilerunning shit when am i gonna be done
So weird that Jimmy Dykes mentions Bell Co on air...
Does anyone make icons cuz I need a new one
My night is seriously lacking in the and and #chickenproblems department!
It turned out better than I thought. I will send you a pic later - it will be shot this weekend. Faux fur sheds like crazy.ugh.
is definitely one of the hardest working, thoughtful people I know!
I hope everyone thinks about the poor, the downtrodden and the underprivileged at this holiday tiem. Give as much as you can to help them
Apologies for my recent lack of tweets. New job, visiting friends - I'm making an effort to get back in the Twitterverse ASAP!
I hate who I was two years ago. I hurt people who are actually better than the ones I was trying to impress. I can't take this one back.
RT : Holy Cow I LOVE IT! just revamped this website and it looks awesome! Congrats guys!” agreed!
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me Austin <3
His license plate scraped a decent gash in the right front fender. Minor cosmetic issue so I told him not to worry about it.
They're so lovely.
as soon as I mold & cast it darlin, ill be sure to link u! etsy.com/shop/aladdin82
What the fuck just happened!!
Sure do! How have you been?
preparing to speak at the eahs class of 2011 graduation. lolwut
Physical fitness is not only 1 of the most important keys 2 a healthy body; it is the basis of dynamic & creative intellectual activity. JFK
gotta find a new hobby...
"Make me to hear joy and gladness, Let the bones which You have broken rejoice". Psalm 51:8. What does joy SOUND like?
U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me just let me be me, U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me know life ain't easy
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU
Happy Bday Bella:)Remember when I was 12 & U were 9 U & the fam had fun on our yacht? Now Ur 14.Wow time flies. Have fun!
Families spending over $1400 on prom this year. WE make prom dreams cone true for not even 1% of that.
Should there be an asterisk after Ohio State in the record books as the Sugar Bowl winner?
Douchebags RT: Why the fuck do those 5 dudes sitting behind the #Bulls bench still wearing their damn sunglasses
damn since when did you start sleeping thru the nights?
Start with - "What do u do?". End with - "So how can I help u?"
ehow is the new about dot com
#YouCuteAndAllBut your too chunky to be wearin that...
Plus he's a JET and that's a fact. Wait until he doesn't deliver before throwing rocks. We #Jets fans never see value anywhere.
Yes. Girl I'm just seeing this rt. Ugh. Where is the notification on this thing!!! 1st book is its ur time-joel olsteen.
Elvis passed all the #cpaexam!!! Congratulation love
I should be a females last worries about fucking with they nigga....
I was in high school and living in far southern MN when I discovered this shit. Now I'm 26. What happened to MNSpeak?
One on my truck and one on my laptop. I'll find a random home for the others. I'll send pics! :)
cause I saw two different dates and I've waited way too long for some new music!! Your #1 fan since I was 4 yrs. old!!
good luck! Hope you do good!
ha! good point. From now on pre-2000 will be coined "old school" :)
is my go to bitch, always by my side
realizing when using that I really need to start saving asap.
I really like your decor that you use on your website www.urbanlifestyledecorblog.com
any thanks man
When someone truly cares about you--. they stay with you in the good times and the bad... Real KATT Williams... Real Will Ferrell--
Outta sight , outta mind ...
These animals symbolize street art that are part of occupy movement! Neat.
Love one another fervently with a pure heart. -1 Peter 1:22
tumblr cant get any more addicting..
The best music is yet to come
I love #JBLfacts, it's a great way to motivate me and start my day.
you have my whole heart as well. Forever and ever. <3
LOL - thanks for the RT! I'm excited to see what my students find when they start analysis :) - How's Boston?
I need to find a 420 party! Umm nope - I don't smoke but I can always SIP on my Hennessy and laugh wit the high people.
These communities are learning communities and a knowledge repositories. Gee
Big win for the grizz. Just got home from the game. Friday night Adrenaline is at JR's in olive branch ms 8:00p.m.
i think it's funnier to call him, "Metta World Peace," like it's not hilarious tho lol.
violet and blue?
School was amazing! :D It was The best feeling ever to see my upperclassmen friends hah :P and my friends too xD
Thursday night has become the new Saturday night. This is for sure. #NoFridayClass :)
Sean Parker’s Stealth Video Startup Airtime Ready For Launch At June 5th Press Event.
Oh my, you're so pretty.
Who has the best pork belly in SD?
So excited to be doing cupcakes for the Dining with Tulsa Stars event next week! #Blessed #BraanginIt ;)
I'm not bothered okay aint a spelling bee! Bog of!
Oh wee
A company with A rating and highly approved by B - -The best Pests Exterminators in Atlanta - Visit now for more info tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
#smx The lady who printed the badges...I really appreciate her beauty. Oh yea...the FB ecosystem...wtf lol?
Also, wrote a short article regarding fellow human beings. Most articles are or will be available online. Keywords: Roman Piso, Piso Christ.
I love her! Super happy to have her on the site.
the guys at are fucking awesome
Do any of your campuses publish April Fool's Day editions? How do they handle the responsibility of satire?
Real or inflation-adjusted industry shipments are projected to stabilize or decline by as much as 0.5 to 1 percent per year to 2020
That awkward moment when pretty much all your friends are like a foot taller than you.
oh yum. i need to get my butt over there for a good bagel sandwich
Living the
Guys, don't talk to a girl who has a boyfriend. Girls, don't talk to a guy who has a girlfriend.
Amen...amen! Be extra careful out there! RT : ...AND PHOTOGRAPHERS!!!!
About to lay down the 2nd Below The Influence, pre-mix checklist: #redbull ✔, #menthols ✔, #booze & #dubplates ✔... Here we go!
Also, please remember to wear your yellow shirts at the rally at the LAUSD headquarters tomorrow!
Loving everyone on The Voice tonight!
unbelievable. You really buried the women's victory. Good thing I don't pay to watch your "news" service. Seriously??
Orlando has the best music scene 💗🎶
Got a PINK paw cake order for a lucky doggie #whoohoo #Atlanta #dogs 🐶
we need to be over there
WOOT! Finding it hard to focus. So pumped!!
at last a friend! so few people agree with us.
thats a cool video :O
Anywhere and everywhere :)
Thank you for joining us, ! Which flavor did you enjoy?
I STILL LOVE MY STEELERS AND THEY THE #1 TEAM IN THE NFL!!!
DRUDGE SIREN! Romney supports gay couple adoption and didn't know what homosexuality was back in the 60s.
Thanks!! Hope you enjoy...
oo idk depending on wa da weather b like by den
damm lol looks like it's growing freaking amazingly he's gnna get a nice pound or so outta that bad mamajama! xD. Free halfyy:)
awe! I love your new profile pic, btw!! So cute!
We're so excited about tomorrow's campaign trip and hope you are too! We'll be tweeting under the hashtag
Watching Scott Pilgrim VS. The World and the Arabian guy reminds me of Yasir.
Follow me for discounts on auto repair and oil changes. I come to your office or business in oklahoma city
Welcome, Person who does what I cannot.
agreed! Off the dribble game was a clinic! “: No illusion just the best scoring guard in NCAA history!!!”
Happy Valentine's day to all our friends!
Thanks - looking forward to #sparkandhustle & we are spreading the word!
"However fierce our band was in the past,imagine me,six-foot-two,in heels,f---ing screaming into someone's face."-
Guy:So u dont want to hang out with me cuz Im too needy? Girl:Ya. The fact that you are crying now isn't helping either.
Just took a quick sample of #vegan people I know... They are kind of #crazy and drink like fishes
Not the first time I've gotten the meat sweats!
Don't step out of one boat until your foot if firm in another
Stop by for some great Mexican food while you're in Cleveland!
Idk man... Ali's pretty perfect. Get it . If it doesn't work out, halla atcha girrrll. ;) what? Yolo
Dark Shadows and Avengers tonight aka my ass is numb
yea! goodnight tweet me tomarrow or something :)
I don't think Anna's boyfriend likes us at lunch very much.. Were very awkward and embarrassing but that's what makes it so funny :)
I wish dad had just let me go to mom's.
is italy better than the jersey shore?
Mike Scifres (chargers) and Michael Irvin are officiating this #Pac12Tourney game. Haa.
Wish I would have said hi to you!
This goes without saying... RT coffee ;)
If your children are up running up and down the damn stairs you're failing as a parent
just told me its April 17th.
2-1 Verb. No debating but Ima fly out to New York And take some of them Bitches.
I know :( How did you guys enjoy it?
All is fine
Partied pretty hard tonight with & thanks to
If you missed Ralph Fiennes talking Shakespeare with Jon Stewart on The Daily Show, then you missed some magic in the forest. Google it!
um where's my invite?? Haha
good seeing lots of cool gear and good friends at #NAMM today!
Having a few us$100 coupons for Google #adwords, send me a DM to help you have one of them :)
what has done to you?!
Gotta hand it to Arroyo. Amazing comeback. 8 straight outs after that 3 run bomb
dam, after 11 shots, you shouldn't only be feelin' it, but seein' it too. :P
Close. They "log off and listen."
lol u followed a link from google to a website that had your name and it was broken... Guess it wasn't really u
Casually crying my eyes out over the last episode of Buffy. Why am I so emotional!?
At Mahopac Public Library, in comfy chair, with beautiful view of lake & smiling librarians. Thx to all who keep it going!
Now that instagram is on android, I can take pictures if kids just like . Oh wait...that doesn't sound right.
No rush- you should probably be studying :)
Unfortunately, I only allow myself to drink 5 nights a week.
Yeah, your argument is with those who fight for your side.
#GrammarSchoolMemories -- Me: sneezes Class: laughs Popular kid: sneezes Class: God bless you sweetheart! May the Lord protect you.
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will Feel Alright
This stressfull week is almost over.
But congrats!
I don't know who you talking to...but you preaching Doc....
man u aint NEVER lied!!
I'm reading that too! can't put it down. The scene with sasha crying in a pile of coke on the floor is a little much though
so excited to buy a hot glue gun today! it's the little things in life....
email us the details.
Did you know that bigfoot is also known as Skunk Ape? Why? They can emit strong odors like skunks when spooked. Not all bigfoots smell bad.
six and a half minute mile isn't that hard. Push hard the first and last quarter. You can do it.
Another eventful night in avon
Cute girl gave me a dollar for my tea because the register couldn't use my card... Such a kind person!
Valerie & I are celebrating our 12th Wedding Anniversary today.We saw the new and improved and seriously kick-ass Conan the Barbarian!
": is it bad that I think and are hilarious? 😄" not at all lol
I highly recommend this class: RT Learn how to write an amazing Personal Essay and get it published w/ Taffy Brodesser-Akner
You are very welcome!
Hi everyone :)
Ausberger's made worse by disenabling them-using music helps empower and enable
Watch for our Saki Thursdays. Starting soon!
April is #FinancialLiteracyMonth! From taxes to IRA contributions, make sure your team of Financial experts are on their job!
Attempting to figure out if this "Global Travel Shield" is just a rip-off or not?!
I can't guess your drawing, as great as it is :( clue please??
i think i finally got my twitter and fb to work as one! woot!
RT : Latest 2nd round senarios: If LAC wins Game 6 vs Memphis, Game 1 vs. Spurs is Sun at noon; Game 2 is Tuesday at 8:30 ...
Good friends and no boys- makes for a good night:) Too good for all of em!
Nice win to start it off! Squids everyone pulling for you guys, keep the updates coming...and give Kevy bear a hug for me
Thanks for the tweet, Tracy! We're getting excited for National Walking Day next week!
Crazy last week: Started a graduate course on nonprofit marketing, put an offer on a house, went to Badgers game, attended college reunion.
if your near office take a photo of the lobby and upload to You'll be compensated for your efforts :)
You know your day sucked when the highlight is getting a slushy.
What's better to sell things on? eBay or Amazon? and why?
Ha. Humble swagger. More men need to have that.
Fourth day straight of feeling terrible 😷 blehh
Yes. Send me email;
Bailout Side-Effect: The next President will be in the business of evicting Americans from their homes. Republican Trojan Horse?
Thanks for the mention, would love to talk #collcons sometime
Why is Molly Weasley trending on Twitter?
"experiences are priceless... embrace the feelings and live...." here we go!
U on your way to work
I love you though!
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George Bernard Shaw
Good luck!! Kill it!! You guys have to win!!
Being lead on to think there will be something more <
Horny!!! Wanna get somebody!! Any. Videos??? Of u guys followers
me too! It's really good.
Don't go break'n my heart......
There's a way to do a good green screen and there's a way to do a half assed crappy way. #Unforgettable death scene was just crappy.
Evelyn and I watched weird true and freaky tonight and found out that the FDA allows 60 insect parts to every 3.5 oz of chocolate...Vomit.
"If you�re not rich, it�s because you think like a poor person. Love rich people and you will become like them."
thank you so much for stopping by!!
What is going on this weekend for everyone?
Has anyone sign up on the Ning Network?? Need badges.
I hate when ugly people say "I need my beauty sleep" Bitch you need to hibernate.
working orientation as
Nordic Fest – March 23 – April 1 Mammoth Biathlon – March 24 & 25 – Enjoy the fast paced skiing and shooting action of one of the largest …
Getting ready to make 20 lbs of real home made apple smoked pepper bacon. Get in line now it goes incredibly fast!
What is your favorite Rawhide Ranch camp memory?
Fastest way to get your phone working again? Call tech support. By the time call back, phone works and you look like an idiot!
Actually sticking to your diet plan <<<<<<<
Going on fox business from indy, Theisman ahead of me and I heard Ray Lucas was in before, I'm the only guy who wish it was Lucas now!
rediscover David Brent & Wernham Hogg. You'll thank me.
Lol aww that sucks ive been good how about you?
Congrats. Welcome to the real world.
This. By the time it reached the end of season three, it was classic TV.
and duet is one of the best I've heard in a long time
my parents got this new dog but he runs away from people, and is very shy... he's 5 yrs old now... so he must of had a bad life..
If you try to talk to me about work shit, I will end you. I am at the motherfucking beach.
Yes, that's what I hear, which makes me torn as to when I should go out there. But it seems like more things are coming to NY
"There's something about a trainwreck I can't just turn away from watching." - on why he's watching Jersey Shore
You know I really do have the best family in the world!!! Thanks family.
You bet!
I hate straight hair. Too much work.
i know i just want u to hit me up
New year new dreams
Ready 4 Battle of the Exes Reunion.
Betty White, you are the best!
hes a real kid !
M, I love Hodad's! Did you enjoy it?
Absolutely you should
BEST DAY EVER!<3 i love u joseph!:) FWD: : Happy days never ends i no 2day will never end because of formal My<3 is forever
I need a therapist.
It's #smallbizsat - support great #smallbiz like (great #sale there!),
stop texting and start running lol
Sometimes you learn the hard way... Spirit Airlines = never again.
iTunes Match and Dropbox are currently rocking my world.
Please follow me(; 12
Different today eh..How so?
That's it! I'm joining you next time. ;)
LOVE my new Mac Book Pro too, it's the BEST!! I don't think I can ever go back to a PC :o)
No kidding! And lots and lots of armchair coaches. ;)
Odd, the years it took to learn one simple fact that the prize just ahead, the next job, publication, love affair, marriage alwa
Thank you for supporting senior citizens in Madison, WI! We are honored and grateful for your sponsorship.
Mornin y'all
I WANT BIGGER BOOBS
My actions may show I don't care, but deep down...I really do...
I do everything for him....I guess that's not enough
I blame the new google algorithm, and TMZ
SAM TRUMP
Those determined not to pretend that they know.
Drinking platinums before I ice rory tonight. It's happening.
RT Tweet now if you the baddest bitch In your crew,or think you are!! I know I am!!!!!!!!!!
Do people hear themselves when they talk? Thank you pandora for saving me.
People know either as the guy that works at old navy or the guy that play banjo... I prefer the second
PHP WILL NEVER DIE
Thanks for the add Ale!
That's sad to me, though only from an outsider's perspective. As long as you're makin' the happy then go forth.
Dinner was great food-wise though service was a bit uneven. Overall a good experience though!
Let me ask...Logic or Pro Tools
Lost my eye drops now I have high eyes. #HappyMothersDay ❤💛💚
we should talk #flipclass some time. Sounds like you do a lot of similar things I do. Will you be at #flipcon12 or #iste12?
standing on concourse-friend just txtd 15-30 mins. Can u confirm? Or deny
Yeah, I think that River City is on hiatus. You would probably know more than me. Ecomuve is new to me...
Have you seen a sunset at the beach while playing Intro by M83 after some margaritas? It's glorious..
He was always copying Don Cornelius
Has an audition for 'Chuck' tomorrow...
I have no idea why ducks fans were voted the most annoying in the pac-10
Awesome! Just found out who's playing at the Partner Appreciation Party
At the post office. Long line, but my loins are girded. Being in the castro, my groins should also be visible.
I love my daughter...but I love her even more when she sleeps through the night.
I want to! Fixed it ;P
We had a blast at NHT's Annual Event, this past Sat! Shaunyce Omar rocked the house as High Hat Hattie.
Great seeing you last night : sorry we didn't get a chance to talk!
Well..there's another tweet I deleted rather than send.
When I already say my day is bad and I have only been up for an hour, feel free to make it worse. Or don't. It's not like you care.
i can no longer avoid doing laundry. i shall do this...... tomorrow....
Happy Happy Birthday BAABBBYY! Larry turned 50 yesterday.
That doesn't make sense! :3
That bot is a P-I-G pig.
Feel good Fridays get me every time Thank you for the shout-out Forever & always... Shade 45 Hip hop Fridays!
God's Kitchen tonight....MY FAV!!! CANT WAIT ;)
Very excited to represent at the colloquium next week!
may I know who is popping on April 7th.
Windy day here in
Nice to meet you too. I emailed you that link for
Seems like they are both great ways to keep track of books, but I wonder is there a benefit to having both?
Honored to have you as a sponsor this year! Many thanks for your support!
was just dancing to JUSTIN BIEBER.
Why did you create this false love interest with Emily Hamilton!?
We are, too! See - it's every day!
Taqueria Mercado for lunch - soft corn tacos & a lime Jarritos. Yum!
This snow will not keep me from Eric Clapton!
yes. gaufregourmet at hotmail dot com. Or through our website. ;-)
I think he exceeded expectations so far. I'm disappointed bcuz I thought he'd be dialed in for a contract year.
Still gross
Hey check put our YouTube for new videos go to our website for a link www.WithoutDelayBand.com
I wanna go to a citizen cope concert.
Now I have seen everything. attacking from the left?!
Darn. Was hoping for another double-double for Ryan Evans. 1 rebound short.
Members of the and vote to approve merger #oneunion Hurray for HOLLYWOOD ! ! !
Sometimes I don't have a reason. Sometimes I just do shit cause I want to. There aint always gotta be a reason.
Thank you for the local support!
Hey! Want to win a family four-pack to Ballet Arizona's The Sleeping Beauty? Post here with a fairytale princess!
You are welcome. Follow Us back. Thanks again.
I don't know why I ever hesitated in the past. You came a long way and produce a solid end product. Worth every penny.
That's a great tip!
My daddy say she gone be spoil
Good Night Baby
Host it at @ Bank of America Stadium. Good idea????
Happy Administrative Professionals Day - Your hard work is appreciated!
on my way to beautiful new albany,IN for the big IU East, IUSE matchup...should be a good game
“: Happy 21st birthday ! Hope we get a KU win tonight for you.” it would be so
Technology & Solutions Session: talks inkjet technologies in Innovations in High Volume Inkjet Production - Lyceum (room)
buy them! Show your support :)
getting highly upset and really irritated...
Maybe if they can only allow interaction when parked or the car senses someone in the passenger seat.
TIL there are more people in California than in the entire country of Canada. Crazy.
After my disastrous 17 hr flight from PBI to LAX last week, I'm headed back w/ only 6 days to recover. Lesson learned -- flying
Glad you liked the Santorum vid! Thanks for sharing Sam! RT haha oh god!
sorry, no recommendation made
7.6 #Earthquake in #Acapulco #Mexico -- Monitoring closely here with
it won't end
TY! RT : it worked perfectly... No buffering or anything. The movie was ace too. Ill defo use the service again:)
give her a call :]
my arm is starting to get sore
<---- great guys.. please follow them If you ain't already on it
I love getting happy notes from audience members! "Excellent production. We had a great time. Thanks Mortar Theatre Co!" -Carol G.
Listening to a podcast on the economics of hitchhiking. Sometimes a fellow can just be too darn smart.
Check out tweets.
Olive green with wood paneling forever
You mad cause I fell asleep on u I am tired u talk my ears off let me sleep please if u want to move on go ahead cause I am goin back to bed
So i was almost done w/ my essay i was procrastinating my computer acts up and smart me didn save anythin..essays gone
uh no
Ribs USA in Burbank?
": I'm such a stalker." Cough
great webinar so far "How to Recognize Volunteers"
haha me and Nasa just had the funniest talk
feel like those 2 words arent good enough 4 how GREAT today is for you *sending u hugs & smiles* #TodayIsAboutYou :D
You should take Cop to Prospect Park 1 time before you go back to the motherland. Even if he picks a fight, let him have his day.
Happy 2012, wealth health and happiness
I literally just passed that chipotle and thought of how many times I ate there when I was at LMU
We appreciate the FF love!
Exactly. PNR data in CRS cloud is best proof that Safe Harbor & enforcement of EU data prot. law are complete failures.
He WannaLick The Icing Off ( ;
I hate when that happens. I wish I could just empty my mind.
Dear , The next time you stop by you ought to say HELLO!!! Sincerely, Your Disappointed Long Lost Friend
Ha! 2's not enough? How many do u guys have now? I am enjoying getting bits of my life back.
Seeing tomorrow!!!!!!
timeshEASY is a Time and Expense solution that is 100% focused on the Staffing, Recruiting and Consulting industries.
Have had great OA planning meetings & thanks for iced coffee & helping
Oh, yeah. You're right. Thanks!
for #SMWNYC What is the future of TV in #SM land? with
Yeeeeaaaaaaaah I don't.😣
Nothing like hiring movers and watching them break their backs moving your stuff....lemonade in hand, of course
So tired :/
"Take politics out of transportation" -
just saw that you're in Milwaukee! Welcome to one of the most fan cities!!! ...in the summertime. ;)
#ReplaceABieberSongWithSex One sex , One less lonly sex , sex world .
Yall bout the same height. “ Oh how I love ice cold water. You'd think I was a reptile or amphibian in a past life”
in school :/
Yeah I just won a lifetime supply of tickets to ONE FOR THE MONEY!!!
I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young
prob last playoff game of season for my Magic tonight, so NBA tweets will pretty much die out for six months.
Irrational rituals are necessary for communicating with our pets.
Enjoy a #lifestyle discount vacation $100 per night visit us
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 6
: "I'm in Portland, OR. Loving it!!!" Don't lose your notebook... again!
Woo!! Nice win X!
Can honestly say, I'm tired of the fighting.. 
The finest..
haven't seen you all in 6 years-- looking forward to the show tonight!
jealous.. Take me with you pleasee :)
good morning dreamers .... lets go
“: Rule #1, I am always right. Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule #1.” Right more often then not!
I should really start to change my life around Cheergirl<333
Kadee calls double knots super knots haha adorable
Can't wait, Chet. I know it's going to be great :-)
WOW CRAZY! RT : BREAKING: Josh Hamilton becomes first player to hit 4 homers in one game since Carlos Delgado on Sept. 25, 2003.
Lunch is over! Let's get this day over!
don't you think I know exactly where I stand
Bought 3yr old a placemat w/ all US Presidents on it. He is fascinated. Have sung the Presidents song 50x today.
lol! We could only hope it would.
good luck bud. Bring it home.
I miss ALOT...... :/ I havent talked to him in soo long :c
“: Okay, I'm a #vegan, but I'm pulling for Bev tho I've never had a short rib!” converting vegan
& I thought any heretic appearing on 700 Club burst into flames from the concentrated hate!
every six months here too. And I'll give a +1 on that
an entertaining film about killing dolphins! Let's party!
They're really fun, but I realize it's not healthy to enjoy doing that kind of damage to one's body.
Thsi week, , reading Sandra Dallas' True Sisters, followed by Anna Quindlen's Lots of Candles, Plenty of Cake.
#IAlwaysWonderIf you even care as much as i did..
de nada inbox
Thanks for the RT love & ! We'll be up to 100 donors before you know it!
Raindrops on roses and the girls in white dresses, and sleeping with the roaches.
I can go all night long ;)
Quickie little rehearsal with Lynne amd Melissa
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man, stand close to his main man like a chain gang.
Happy birthday celebration for = tons of fun!!!
VOLTURE (cd release party) tonight
Have some nuts pick 1 overtime winner!!! Going Fisher!
Hoping the rain holds off for a while. I want to ride home with the top down and fertilize the lawn this afternoon.
EVERYONE IS MY REAL BROTHER IRL
#thatawkwardmoment when you forgot the twitter name and you get caught. !
Appeartantly my Jackson song is Beat it. (can't spell).
Gym flow
you don't have to drink right now/but you can dip your feet/
great work team!
But it's hard out here for a pimp so I understand..
(Bennett's idea of poetry as a kind of social salve is itself kind of retro. Auden: "poetry changes nothing.")
Right, it doesn't mean anything unless you can still score the ball efficiently, which Shaq did.
“: mornin Cousin....” good morning cousin, what's going on in Savannah??
Got Tweetdeck running with Twitter, FB, Linkedin accounts, and Google+ on Chrome all at once. I feel lightheaded-azzle.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
I work in PR for the Public Library
Let me clarify. Often I feel training does not encourage or help facilitate actual learning. When I think of CPD, I think of ppl
We watching da game n he cum up here lickn us lol
Maybe, right now I'm still valuing the last of my anonymity.
speaking of things they don't even do in the home country.
You guys were great tonite! RT ": Traded the "Brazilian Blur" Leandro Barbosa a race car helmet for some of his sick kicks!"
Fell in love with Joanna Wang. Her jazz voice is so fascinating. I can listen her songs for million times.
thanks for following - we're going to check out your show now. Do we need to get tipsy first? ;)
Innocent til proven guilty. theres no solid evidence, just propaganda.
Good luck to at the Pam Am Games in Brazil!
Everybody thought it was summer time for a minute ...lol Milwaukee fooled yall ass! Aight aight me too
SOPA blackout day means no Reddit means a lot of FIFA12. holdplz on XBL holler
TIME TO SEE WHO CLOSES
Sunday is gonna be great! I have at least 4 losers for you all!
My parents dressed me so ugly when I was little. When I have a baby they're always gonna look cute!
RIP Whitney!!!!! At the warf shopping for some fresh fresh fish for the Proud One tonight!!!! Ladies get ready! Dj spinning whitney all ...
That's a real flavor, by the way.
Well it's about time followed me back !
Enjoy some of our new tunes on this gray Saturday night!
OK, maybe I am going blind or forgot to look last week. Also, I didn't do the reading, is TS Eliot's life still boring?
then you should appear to the naked human eye as a pile of poo poo, oh wait you do!
welcomes Michael Copella, Vice President to our team. Michael brings 6+ yrs experience in commerical real estate! Welcome!
my fave hair was the slicked-back, high pony with hair as the hair-tie. Uber-original!
we need to. Miss the whole family. Let me know when's best.
it's a dark day indeed
I'm up... cathyjnola.
I was freezing too!
I'm with you: travel makes me feel younger and more alive (and I've got 10 years on you). Happy birthday . Where will you be?
Prof. just shared with us his weight fluctuates between 165-175 but it's the "stupid scale's fault."
Love this one but it's so hard!! Marry: Tom Hardy OBVI, Fuck: JGL & Kill: Christian Bale.
The air in the performance is sculpted into something
RIP, Whitney Houston. An icon that sang about the "Greatest Love of ALL". Remember that tonight. Sad and too soon for her to go.
#TakeCare such an amazing song!!
I'd like to be everything you wannttt❤
"thanks" - men everywhere
my mother is in the hospital :'(
LeBron will miss one
Plus Greece;)
I felt somewhat bad today because I was helping one of my bosses select applicants to call for interviews, and my opinions eliminated some.
mayne hold up...
#THE RIGHT WAY TO EAT RIGHT
“: Feels like I'm not good enough..” You're the best babe 
Only thing I'm scared of , is knowing one day this life will be over. (saddest tweet lol)
I take some of the longest showers ever, how could you not its such a stress releiver :)
come to visit us!
no she opted out because of injury.
Fists will fly at this location
"Productivity is less about time management than it is about mind management." --David Kadavy, author of "Design for Hackers,"
im gonna cut myself a big piece of cake because I deserve it
Normal person flirting: Hey sexy Me flirting: If you were a carrot.....you'd be a good carrot.
Sleep is for pussies? Then I'm a pussy.
Agreed. Praying the Heat remain free of serious injuries. Shortened season has taken its toll on too many players.
Well guess its bout that time to start this studying
I showed him my Tazmanian Devil tat
Listening to "Speaking of Faith" interview Rachel Naomi Remen (age 70): "We have been living based on fear for a very long time."
follow back(:
Going to see my mamiringa☺
"they be hatin on my mama" okay Iviona we see you.
Today in 1862 Gen. Hunter of the Union Army proclaimed the freedom of slaves in GA, FL & SC. Pres Lincoln promptly annulled it
Are you a musician in the #CLE? is looking for you! Sat, 6/23, 30 local musicians play on 30 porches. Always a good time.
A record one in seven Americans relied on government food stamps to help feed themselves in 2010 (USDA)
R student council is 1 of the main igniters of ths projects. Nice 2 C kids making decisions 4 the skool that support community.
Our Hero is ready for it, and all other suffering, to be over.
His work looks interesting. Thank you.
I went to Artistic Design. Across from walmart on the side? I know some people there and they're nice and clean and close lol
well, we haven't made our movie debut yet, but keep your eyes peeled for an Oscar-worth game of fetch.
Quote of the day: "Sometimes the most laid back person has to step up when it's needed."
Fun Fact: Ellen Lee DeGeneres's name has only one vowel: E, and it comprises 47% of her name. Wow! H/T
If they wink or send a canned email, I ignore. But if it looks like a real msg, I send the "no thank you" reply.
Teens, join us Saturday for a cupcake demo! It's bound to be very tasty! 7:30 p.m. at 311 S. Madison. FREE!
True, it's not always easy finding the right mentors for oneself. Good reminder of how valuable they are tho.
I like the Cards young LB's. Sam Acho on the sack.
The Things I'm afraid to tell you posts have just collectively impacted me profoundly. I'm almost at a lost for words - just, thank you all!
#asecs12 Roach juxtaposing portrait if Charles II with Disney Captain Hook -- brilliant.
how bout this its neither of us so we need to stop acting like 2yr olds.
what ford position is hiring?
Check out First Night Alexandria info!
The Brewers aren't stealing signs And E Jax is normally solid. But the Cards have been whining all week it's sad
Healthy breakfast and two full glasses of water! How is your morning?
The universe is taking me on a wild ride! Tough times now but I see California as my home in the near future.
9 runs, 3 innings...lets get it.
#BestTVShowEver Wayne Bros : )))
Wisdom arrives in silence, Beth. Shhhhh....
Our Billy Lombardo, wins the Chicago Tribune Nelson Algren Short Story Award. Congratulations.
www.SeductiveDreamWear.com SEXY LINGERIE, SEXY SHOES AND MORE CHECK US OUT LADIES YOU WILL LOVE IT
Madden Curse = regression toward the mean. It's statistics!
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!
What's going on Poov_93?
The pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts: and the great art of life is to have as many of them as possible. -Montaigne
Poppin ya arm out the socket is not the best feelin in the world.
Sucky for you, an check your dms.
Thanks again for passing on the great INDIE contest info! :)
Can't stand how hotel internet isn't free. Not about to spend $51 to have internet access for 4 days. Bah!
follow back sucka!
@ Allstate Kudos for taking a stand for all women!
To do list: 1) Change Facebook name to 'No One' 2) 'Like' peoples statuses.
Great meeting with staff on state and federal charter school issues. Hope to have him tour MO charters soon.
I have a Jason McCann love story <3
#NewYorkCity, u sparkle like diamonds flying over you. U look too pretty 4 crime. I'm Magnetized 2 #cities. #Chicago, see u soon 2tallGirl!
There's something about inventing super absorbent towels that makes me want to beat the shit out of a hooker.
Movement Conservatism's success dependent on racism, religion, disenfranchisement and fraud. Just the group I want representing me.
hey girlie did you ask yo momma about the bag?
Worth every second!! I hope they do commentary on that ep!
oh, so something promised since '08 is jumping to concl? Why not just wait until '17 - sure those dealing w/job loss won't mind
dont be silly, webinars are why they made two screen set ups
Free BBQ, beer, and karaoke. Yes, please.
Nurture great thoughts, for you will never go higher than your thoughts. - Benjamin Disraeli
thinking about the power of twitter and online networking
Milw restaurant serving steak chili?
Theres a side of you that i never knew. .
Today's Feature: 1/2 lbs Steamed Mussels over Angel Hair Pasta, capers, tomatoes, carrots, red onion in white wine sauce Soup: Butternut Sq
getting all my Saints Gear discounted, Kill Them in the head
While you're hopping you may as well rinse off, I suppose.
Hey guys! Follow back please :)
Einstein explained the difference between genius and stupidity with "There are limits to genius." Every day we see further proof.
Soon as a get these.couches in here on Saturday its on
But of course! Looking forward to more. Cheers –
I want school to be over summer needs to come faster...22 more days of school for ME.
Yo bike life in philly was sick. Yo want any videos hit me up
It was a Youtube day at the shop today..... Keenan Cahill, Antoine Dodson, and of course Anjelah Johnson..... funny shit! Keenan ROCKS!
thanks for the shout out!
Yeah, it is kinda hard cause retards move too much
From having to critically examine the basis of your own assumptions.
Will the Rams need to move up to get Blackmon?
Brother in law update: My brother in law is out of hospital. thank you everyone who prayed for Him and is finally keeping food down.
Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying the sunshine, but you wish it was a little warmer!
cool or whaa? B)
are we ever gonna see you on 's website!?
Oh canada! Let me tell you, Canadians LOVE sasquatch! I met so many beautiful, kind and wonderful Canadians this weekend! I <3 Canada!
There's one shot, damnit!
I definitely remember the ice cream part from your vows.
I hate it when a really good song comes on the radio in the car, and someone turns it down to talk.
Haha you could make me happy by tweeting me, following me, RT me, or DMing me ;D lol
exactly. It is medicinal.
Spring break visitors to Miami - plan to get a massage while you are here. Call Nelson at -- 305-335-3855 to schedule your massage!
I'll send you one when I get home. All I have right now is my old 'stache pictures...
I'm not hate Korea. I just feel like kinda living in boring life, though. Are you in Korea now? Let's meet soon
Tomorrow! Will be performing at Chicago's legendary Green Mill 2pm Lawrence and B'way Cocktails and music!
You gotta focus on wats important in your life, if things are bad fix them, if things are good make them better...
☼ The only thing that separates successful people from the ones who aren't is the willingness to work very hard. Helen Gurley Brown
Looking forward to it!
My only goal for today: not to vomit while I'm at work. Feeling craptapular.
Tonight was crazy. Good night world.
Very close to start filming.
hope you find it worth the wait! see you at ?
RT : Checkout the and booth #548 at the
Haha Kim Possible used to be my show!!
I forgot you had a kid. How's Maggie and um....Nikki?
Ask Todd. We had a few on our way out of town in Dec.
So I get to rep and at #warpedtour . Get fucking ready!
I always get pissed off when subway gives me two napkins but I always only use one lol
havent lost ur wit to pregnancy. U crack me up. That girl is gonna have a run for her $ as a teen cc
This year is goin by so fast!
going to class with Guest speaker from people magazine today. How cool!
where is ur event in Chicago? Would love to see u and speak. I go to UIC, ill spread the word!
Sorry web went down. DM me with where to send the flipbooks-Issue#2 will be out 8/27 .
yup crazy huh
Why can't I just talk to you... I'm so sorry but I can't help how you make me feel... I wish I could just have you... </3 )':
I just meet you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe!! Guess what I got??
Prediction: in next 5 years 50% of articles will be published OA. Look for forthcoming article in ACRL journal.
text me pictures!!
Another gaffe by Harper?
It's okay. Not at all, I dont have any time until this weekend... finals and Encore! on Friday.
no do u kno me
the enemies primary deception is to use friends and even spokesmen for God to talk you out of carrying your cross (Mt 16:22-23).
I just rt Ed myself. Awk.
tell your friends to follow usto get amazing discount
I'm playing it now and so far its a good time. How bad could the ending be to retroactively destroy all this fun?
I hate when ppl talk about ppl and not doing good they self
Happy to be part of the 10,000 around the world! Awesome.
thats the motto lion yoro. (you only roar once)
Happy Friday! I hope everyone had a wonderful week and a great weekend planned! Remember, one of the keys of life is love, love, love!
my mom told me to follow my dreams, so I made a twitter and followed you<3
Why do people say "You scared the living daylights out of me" when daylight is not living?
YOU TAKE THAT BACK! Up All Night is fantastic!
Can IaMmE and Poreotics come back or...
My heart says..yes..
Worst contest ever: play Domino's Ipad game and maybe, just maybe, you'll get hired to make pizza at a REAL DOMINO'S. Actual commercial.
good morning =) realized my friend took like 10 pictures of me when I wasn't looking and put them on facebook. ok.
" Rest does not come from sleeping.....but from Waking " --A Course In Miracles
you seem happy
I seem to have more aquaintances than friends and it bugs me. Good thing I have the boys in
Thinking hard
Lol out with my dudes doing the McDonald's chicken mcmugget challenge later!
Do you ever stop and think before you tweet
sorry. I'm winning that jackpot yo. Backoff. Lol kidding :)
a cocarita will help!
I think it's safe to say that linsanity only lasted a week lol lol!!
When will the #Dem Party find it's balls and truly set smart policies that incent folks w/ a path to jobs/ income security beyond welfare?
So today is like National Peanut Butter & Jelly day and I have been looking for sexy vids to post about it for aprox 2 hours now lol
oh my god.
It's not a Monday without a student's parent screaming at you over the phone.
Hi what is the deadline to submit a song? I have a cover of "Someone" on my site but just recorded a new single
Love New York City!!
Now I see why dante jones dunk on 2k is 99
yes but where?! And is the flabongo still there?
Dear NFL Draft: If I wanted to watch 30 minutes where I already know where it's headed, I'd watch a Seinfeld rerun.
not gonna sit in this hotel rm another night and order room service. Boston awaits!
Nice to hear about another good dining option before heading to a movie, Berkeley Rep or Cal event. Thanks!
yeah. I will win.
Singer-pianist Tom Shaw entertains SF Bay Area assisted-living residents w/the great music of 1920s-1960s Broadway, radio, movies & more!
We would! That needs to happen one day & soon! :)
leave me out
#Irony Andy Rooney dying 1 week after he retires.
Lol, fuck my hair. It looks exactly that same.
My first album is called, "Drew Haze: Indestructible" !! Look out for it! Coming soon. 2012.
Fried with
MATH = [M]ental [A]buse [T]o [H]umans.
Just touched down in lovely Lynchburg, VA, where Romney will deliver the commencement speech at evangelical Liberty University on Saturday.
Follow me Back?:)thanks
Lots of last minute gift ideas for that Easter Basket you are putting together! Open till 7 so stop in! :)
help get the ncaa bracket link on the homepage, I can't see if I'm still tied for third. Help!
woowww i logged of to eat food and watch some movies and when i returned you guys went from 100 to 163 ty guys you're :D
please follow mee:D
Black Friday is so close I can taste it
And speaking of slow, I'm going to stop working to go play D&D for the rest of the day. I'm terrible at this.
Thus far they are not biting. But the day is young.
I like hot sexy women
NBC News: Newt Gingrich will lose his Secret Service protection tonight
A vote for #RonPaul is a vote to fight for civil liberties, instead d complaining everyday about the Feds get up and do something!!
it's a group
Recliners play This Friday only at CAFE' DIEM in The Fan, RVA. 600 N. Sheppard St. Showtime 9:15pm New Tunes, New Shoes, New Haircuts!
hii can u foollw back please :) thank you <3
French onion dip is B.O.'s scapegoat.
The faster I learn not to care, the better off I'll be.
going to have a #wildrumpus at storytime today
yeah, didn't you guys get a 3 chip implanted in your brain? I think that was in the contract.
we have to see about gettin you up here inbox me!!
perfect view of the shuttle from headquarters out our wall of windows!
I don't pray for success, I ask for faithfulness. -Mother Teresa
im at a funeral!!
That's awesome! I guess you're going to tell me you're a Pisces too? lol. Drogba is so fun to watch...
Any big riding plans this memorial day weekend?
If you want it, you gotta work for it!.. No one owes you anything.
Had such a good morning with him!
UM, HELLO? SPOILER ALERT? GAWD!
haha whoops. sorry! my phone lies to me...
between baseball & politics don't you get tired of having to watch so much TV?
hello, how're you?
Sleepover with (:
Wishing I was out watching #baseball instead of inside working
tufted vetch
My dream is for Epic Meal Time to make my school lunch
Don't forget to follow the official White Out Twitter ->
RT “: Here's to a having to a great Monday! :)” Yes, #Cheers!
Liz Lemon Wisdom: I reject Chris Brown's comeback!
my man I Cnt wait to get your vocals in that track kid!!!!!!
Rule #1, I am always right. Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule
Very possible.
Who would have ever thought that we'd be reflecting on bullshit
watching Bring It On! ^.^
Playing with my new phone, the new palm pre is AWESOME!
Just woke up world :)
Thanks for the follow, Martin!
Biggest media companies today do not produce their own content (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
New homebuilder looking to improve construction efficiencies,communications? #FieldConnect Mobile brings scheduling tools + more to jobsite!
Good on you, sir. Just wanted to add to the praise.
hi Niall. you don't now me but I'm just your future wife, nbd.
damn it. Ima peer pressure the fuck out of you the next time I see you haha
True for purpose of seeding; I was asking in terms of winning percentage.
I'm done.
Off to NYC this weekend with the Kinetik team: Chet Haze, Mr Brooks 3D, and Briggs G!
That was the best concert EVER!
Is it possible to smoke someone under the table!? Lmao random 
Want to find out about other pub crawls? Follow
I hate to kill 'em. They're practically family....but I am an exterminator. Actually, I only use live catch traps at home. Only at home..
<3 Thank you! And thank you so much for sharing it =D I love this book to an absurd degree.
that one :)
Its cold here too. I here your weather is coming here tommorrow. The mtns. Are gonna get like a foot of snow.
What you know about that? LOL..I thought you were a way up Northerner, lol
Sneezy morning! Please do not be a start to another cold. Ive got some traveling to do!
using Sunday ticket how? Charging full price to long term loyal customers?
Accidentally enabled demo mode on my microwave. Thanks, Interwebs, for telling me that 3*clock disables it. Related: damn you, Panasonic.
I wasn't going near it to find out!
Ain't been on this shit for a minute.😳
I had no idea you had an art minor.
Badger band blew away the Ducks..
How do you mean?
Esperanza Spalding winning the Grammy over that lesbian kid is the justice
It says on your Twitter description "good decision maker" REALLY????? In relation to who Howard????
Beach weekend @ Rehoboth! Surf, sand, sun...summer! Sweet!
Glad to hear you're giving us a try!
aww love that.
Think about the business side of it, we both can gain here.
“: When your #work speaks for itself, don't #interrupt. -Henry J. Kaiser”
...and what to sing?
Gardy and Span thrown out? In the words of I'm seeing "a fun one"
Dharma and Greg Bums
Anybody seen any good hip-hop shows recently?
Wonders if I'll find another person who truly cares about me like she did.
Oh! Thanks u for tell me!.
Good to know. RT : Spiders can't spin on webs when they are in a room full of people smoking Marijuana.
CNN is doing a superb job at camera work tonight, capturing the narrative of the room.
is the cutest thing ever!!
There is nothing quite like Texas!
Stop it with those spams.
so excited I had to become *convo intruder*
I still play records at home and did a 45 set the first night of Dynamite, but wanna put a real set together again!
Good luck to my business partner & BFF , who is talking about her platform "No Body's Perfect" at UVA today. She inspires me!
Pia toscano is so talented , my fave so far in american idol...
no practice for my 5yr. olds flag football team this week cause of the rain and our fist game is Saturday
Listen up Ohio-the latest study shows we are ranked as being the 18th fattest state. I'm not happy about this! GET UP AND MOVE ALREADY!!!
I really can't wait to see #magicmike. you rock!
Check out HoneyBlaze Facebook page and like it if you like our wings..
is headed to the 4th Avenue Gallery in Ann Arbor... Group Show and singer song writer Bill Edwards and his band...7pm-11pm
Ur the best! : The only good thing about being late to class is catching an extra dose of haha
Oh criminy. My dear one CJ has come out and Teal in. I wanted a goal for him tonight. next time.
Plaschke is a smart guy, and I enjoy his columns. But he came off yesterday as he often does: a jaded fun-squasher.
Respect deserved due to age...regardless of tactics.
Studying for these exams has been to boring lol. I didn't realize how dry my classes have been until now. Womp womp. Lol
Whitney Houston died??!
aww that's too sweet thank you
Oh Lord, what has the done to ruin my peaceful Sunday morning? Thanks for all these RTs.
GIA 2011 Conference (San Francisco) website about to launch. Stay tuned!
Signs Linsanity is out of control. There is a Breaking News alert on ESPNEWS for a press conference of a Knicks/Cavs game! Name a Cavalier!
I need a job
More thoughts on the speech last night? Thoughts on the rebuttal?
right here lol
I want to go to hogwarts
Breakfast of champions? I'm not sure about that, but it IS a champion of breakfast places......
Take #chocolate to your New Year's party! It's a better party-starter than #champagne any day. We're open till 11 PM tonight.
Thank you SO much Japan for being so incredible! Ill see you all again in a week but for now.... I'm goin goin back back to Cali Cali!!!!!
Trust me, "Ghostbusters In Hell" is better left dead. Dan couldn't even get Ghostbusters 2 right.
We are mass energy. Everything is energy. EVERYTHING. -The Secret
You're a fool, its must see TV! RT Is anyone else as excited as I am to not watch Ocho & Evelyns new wedding show this fall on VH1
Belittling others, you did not rise.
Cant even function.
#TerrificThursday have a good day :)
Ladies, a man wants a woman to be fearless sexually.
I'm going to draw water alrighty. Lol I'm coming to crash the party! Me and Shenea
Just 20 minutes away from my last test of the semester. Getting excited...
If you r gonna have a long ass convo on twitter just DM that is why it is there
"your words smell like modernism" cc:
some rooms are still left on the Lakeshore with ArtWalk discounts too! www.ghartwalk.com
we ballin with the big boys
Noeleen: Don't lie. It will come back and bite you later.
thanks for following! How did you hear about me?
how I used 2 cook u breakfasts on Sunday mornings n we would chill n shhh lol I miss those days
should check his wall.
Love your show and you are just charming
MT Next time u go anywhere/do anything, pretend you're in a Tarantino movie. Makes even the mundane trip to the supermarket fun.
Outdoor bbq today. We will be grilling shish kabobs and chicken satay. Plus we have happy hour from4pm-close in the lounge every day.
whats up everyone?
Oh I think I like him!!!!
What a great thing to do!
I hate Mondays, but the fact that school starts at 8:30 is awesome ! 👍
Always give your client never less, but always more than they expect.
I live you
why ppl keep challenging you man you gots the energy pimpin keep it goin cant wait to see u blowing up
I heards that
Happy to hear on the call.
I'm not for beanball wars at all & throwing at a guys heads or behind his back is chicken shit baseball.
Fucking would say "you're not this nice in school" right in front of my boss! Lol
wah i wish i was home with you, especially tonight
Love that doc.!!
Good Luck to YOU Missy GO KICK SOME COLORADO BUTT!!!
How many of you participated in Small Business Saturday this past weekend? Don't stop there! 26 more days until Christmas!
I think I found it. On the page where everything is pushed to the right, the div id "content" has the right padding set to 150px
thx for RT as well as DM abt repeated section in post. Curious if other #twitterstorians have tried Ngram
what changed for Rodgers in sf? Better scheme fit?
Thanks for the RT
need to come to Chicago !!
Sending chocolate because you can never have too much!
MrSReddz is in thys bitch wit aw tha lights on .
On my way home from Vegas! It was an amazing trip but I'm really excited to sleep in my own bed again!!
"Helps me to find my voice." Love it.
Hi Glenn, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
I highly enjoy the Folgers Christmas commercial with the weird sexual tension between the brother and the sister.
I ate like a pig....collard greens, macaroni w/cheese, yams, baked chicken, peach cobbler and coconut cake
hahaha that's what's up bro. I'm from Shreveport
No SHIT! #truth [RT]: *iphone falls to the floor* Breaks screen. *android falls to the floor* Breaks floor.
App to app video is a powerful feature for apps.
I don't wanna leeeeaaaave!!!!
St. Xavier gets two runners on to start the T3, but can't push any runs across. Trinity leads 3-0 after 2.5 innings. Tigers have stranded 4.
hey guys follow back? :]
Dear Abby: 11-year-old should know table manners by now
haha yes we do (:
The morning birds are out
Retweet this for a chance to win a $25 gift card to or
You know it's Monday when you look in your car mirror and notice that you only put eyeliner on one eye.
Any advice for a new band starting over, after there singer left them?
Thx 4 the follow! Hope u enjoyed #ism2012 and everything charm city had to offer you!
just turn in your gatsby paper again... Maybe she won't notice!
I swear my dad is the reason 711 stays in business...
Sweet! I'll try to make it if I can spare the hour. Sounds like fun!
#ryanbraun is worth every penny
Merry Christmas!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!107
From at LeMoyne College: "Don't ever be surprised about what's being said about you in real time." Good heads up!
While you were sleeping provided new homes to families in Africa that don’t have a roof over their heads.
happy Husker day! How are you settling in?
Had an awesome day today... got to hang out with friends i haven't seen in 3 months... it was a great reunion! i miss them all!!! :'(
Thx Beth, for your always active participation. You deserve a shout-out!
I actually have that dress.
In the greatest #challenges don’t be dispirited; continue & know you are meant for #greatness. SeanLetwat
This mix tape is simply amazing.
I think my right eye lid is bleeding :( and is dying o no?! Was to do? I need a medic! Wats the numba for 911!?
Been n da dam house all dam day# slp
my argument is that Man U is the Premier League equivalent of the Yankees. I hate them both for the same reason--they piss me off
NDJDIDJDJ I'M PEWPING! <3 we can be like  remember at jills party when we were screaming, "LET'S SPOON!" lolz
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation - Emily Dickinson
Baltimore R u serious I thought u all were gonna fade like an autumn sunset on this stretch of games. 2-0 vs Yanks so far
officers taking away close to a dozen large grow lights as well as big screen tv. Why tv? Dunno.
#NowFollowing the talented
I can't find parts 40 and 41
Yes but "written" just means "published" right? So like folk songs, roots could be deeper. Also, links you posted appear dead.
thank you for the words that inspire
I think I caught fleas from sitting next to a homeless man on the bus. I'm serious. Is this possible?
Bought a Flip Video Camera! Already have 2 videos uploaded to my youtube
Great fun sharing my #photography experience at the Leica Akademie today at #SVA in
Budget Hearing tomorrow in Eagle Rock, Huzar's District 6-8pm. Who can go to represent the arts?
Phone charged Promised Land sick!!! Bruce on fire Jimmy joins soon!!!
It gets harder & harder to fall asleep every night...
my big dream is to meet u someday personal and to speak with me all day and all night - iva got so many quesc?
Who would YOU like to take a cruise with? #KidRock? #LynyrdSkynyrd? Find out more about cruisin with rock stars
Hello! Are you joining us at #CLbrT2012?
The white girls in here talmbout they Ridin Round & They Gettin It!! Lol
Next read his THE FATAL SHORE. The history of Australia, and so so so good.
Making someone laugh is definitely a good deed.
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.🌹
i Love your voice <3 =)
As one door closes, another always opens.
We will! I promise. I'm probably getting there early cause I want to buy a shirt :)
“: Lmao, which one .? Nicole?” of course lmao
God, let Your Will be done.... I am an earthsuit for Your use. But whatever happens this year, let me cross my Jordan River...
It's definitely beret weather!
Yo mama's so fat she needs a hula hoop to keep up her socks.
Why is it Dairy Queen restaurants can't figure out the difference between a malt and a shake? I'd say shake if that's what I wanted. Sheesh!
should i feel offended that you DIDN'T prank me for april fools?
QoTD: "Be satisfied with nothing but your best." (Edward Rowland)
I hear Mrs Obama say she wants to leave the White House, never to return, and a thrill goes up my leg!
how about one called, "Really"?
Thank you ;)
....LONG NIGHT..GONNA SMOME A BLUNT & GO TO SLEEP....
From a friend - Instead of debate why not a Dancing with the Stars dance off? Cain & Newt can harass female partners. Fun for all
#Spurs win!...suck it Trebeck!
Word of the Day: COTERMINOUS when the term of 2 agreements end at the same time. BWARE of this term, it increases the length of UR contract.
i believe they do this discretely with their mobil device
is it just me or is this kinda awwkk?
Former GG Jean speaking launch, proud Canadian in the audience.
My cousin almost got date raped by the guitarist for Maroon 5 but she's smart...she got away
"How do you buy a newspaper?" -
Off to a meeting. Have a fabulous day!
So now Obama is telling me what I'm interested in and I shouldn't worry about him infringing on free press? GO TO HELL OBAMA. MF
I don't think I've said it on this account yet.. So HAPPY EASTER
Long day at work!! Hanging out with Miss Venice tonight! :)
Just dawned on me that I get to see two of my fav artists in Sacto within the next few weeks! and then ! #YUH!
i miss soo much i cannot wait to come home & she her & my beautiful niece !!
Happy hour till 8 tonight. Stop in for a 5$ Sazerac.
"That sentence is beyond repair." -me. "This sentence is Beyonce repair...." -
RETWEET ONLY if you follow back
Am I a bad person for thinking it's too bad Davy Jones didn't die at sea so then people could say he's in his locker
RT : New Physicians! Send me resolutions & issues you want discussed at #NCSC this week.
that would be a good fit but you gotta understand Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
Moving soon... and realizing all these DVDs I have, are no different than the graveyard of VHS tapes found at garage sales.
a Jerry Lee Lewis Moment.
"Would've gotten away with it, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!" but no...it wasn't me. #scoobydon't
Why are all these guys asking me if I wanna fuck o.O
Prepping for convention this weekend... you should keep an eye on us, we're showin' out!
I made you a tag!(; a Present for being the most awesomestestestest person.
No tally for me
That's That Anthony Jackson sir!!
Congrats on season 2! Usually 1st year shows I love get axed, so way to survive the curse.
thanks so much for coming in and on the feedback, much appreciated (we love those donuts too).
Brilliant. RT : The next time your dentist asks why you don't floss, ask him why he's still using Windows XP.
The Cinco De Mayan calendar predicts that my world will end by 5:00 tomorrow.
Never hurt the one you love, because you also end up hurting yourself in the long run!.....
its all good love u beautiful inside and out
Talking to me in the morning is like trying to dribble a ball with not enough air in it.
Exposition park has launched a common raft patched together like a crazy quilt of old mattresses, blow-up pools, and trash bins
isn't there an APP for that? haha jk
Um, excuse me...you got a little something on your face..wha- what's that? Oh! SEXY. ;) ...
Live in #NYC ? Meet our #lawSchool #admissions reps TODAY 12-5pm at law forum at NY Hilton at 1335 Ave of Americas.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
Greetings on the Sunday of the Blind Man!
"Don't worry - if anything goes wrong on the Prometheus expedition the Icarus is standing by to mount a rescue."
Featured Artist Daisy Hicks on Talent Showcase Radio www.TalentShowcaseRadio watch the video Million Years
: That can work. But of course, if a traditional publisher takes on your book, you don't pay a thing.
I really only like to wear straight hair with short nails.
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
I'm starving and I can't eat until two hours until the numbness goes away :/ .
Remember when they asked why he changed his name to Meta Worldpeace and he said "just because" hahaha, this fool
As long as people shed blood of innocent creatures there can be no peace, liberty & harmony.Slaughter & justice cant dwel together..Go Vegan
ive fallen sum how feet off the ground where are you now when i need you around
Pittsburgh Is, indeed, a great place to incubate and innovate. Thanks for noticing!
"Every situation becomes an opportunity to abandon judgment and opinions and to simply give complete attention to what is." S.C.
one of the most amazing songs I've ever heard. I hope keeps his promise :)
“: It's pretty much impossible to dislike a #Libra. They bring the good vibes to any situation.” true.
=IF(Inbox=17 messages,"Leave Early?","Probably Won't Last")
haha :) you are one of those cool chicks!
Xoco. It's 's joint off Clark St. RT : what's your best lunch spot in Chicago, no reservations
what's the addy?
nice hit although he could have been called for a helmet to helmet
RT And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. -- Anaïs Nin
RT! Come see DBS tear it up at the 98.7 Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tonight at 8pm!
Tim Dillard working Live On The Web! Check me out... and make music requests!!! www.justin.tv/timdillard NOW
I just need to know you care
Is also twitterfied! You rock!
well-said dibs...
Just to clarify, that's a Doherty quote in my previous tweet. I called Uthoff but he didn't pick up and I left a message.
There's a Maine Senate candidate name Angus King. Who's he running against, the Hamburglar?
NO LINE / NO COVER FOR BAR CRAWL PARTY BUS RIDERS AT: CLUB ALBEE, COYOTE UGLY, MICHAEL MURPHY'S, PARALOGIA, ROK BAR, AND SKKY BAR
hot mini chess pies, fresh out of the oven- I love Thanksgiving!!
CAN YOU RT MY RICARDO TWEET :D
I don't think we're going to have austreams anymore :/
#ireallywant you too realize that I'm the only one that's meant to be with you...
RAIN PREDICTED 70% chance, c'mon Summer, we can't wait for ya! Mayeb next week for the
lol well enjoy it
same here! Looking for a hotel now, any suggestions appreciated
4th & Washington, if you ever want the full experience!
"I'll take a Benedict Arnold" - Meant to say Arnold Palmer
you quit twitter again, didn't you? haha
So are we!!! Thanks for spreading the word!!
Lol I feel So fat right now
sexy pants!!!!
Sum ppl should really have auto correct spellin on if dey cant spell simple words like bored, goofy, tired etc..
Are you a Husker Du fan?
just downloaded twitterrific
I am love with the idea of dodo transport, and promise that it is worth the wait!
I know. Hate to see the home team go down. Time to find my Bruins hat. I guess!
is the Man!!! Don't miss out follow him, he follows back.
true. And i have my perfect baby girl ...
Woke up too damned early & am already exhausted before 11am.
Dropped my phone in a puddle and now its not working right :/
RT got mine yesterday! already watched it twice! I know, I'm that lame... but it's that good! nice work!/ NOT LAME!
"cant decide if i want the $500 feature added or the $1500 feature — Why dont u dev both, let me see & then decide?" UM HOW ABOUT NO!?
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You=]
u bet! rt sophh7_xo thanks for the follow!! :)
My hands are peeling..?
I've discovered all over again with their Android Beta.
111 stairs climbed to top of lighthouse, could not look down, sod that for a game of monkeys !
I'm sorry I was out of town. Did I respond to your question?
its on its way.....cuz south beach is packed right now.
Good luck tonight! You're always my first pick.
Lopez: "We will never, ever know what her potential would have been."
please come to new Jersey!!!!!!
Either #Assad or #MuslimBrotherhood controls #Syria. Damned if you do; damned if you don’t. US should not be involved. RT
You say cray instead of crazy? I bet you came up with that all on your own. -- Condescending Wonka ()
You did a great job flowing, being vulnerable and totally yourself. Trust me, love, you did a wonderful job. Proud of you!
Staff at Imboden Creek Gardens just ate cicadas to raise money for Alzheimer's. Check out our report tonight at 6pm on WAND!
Maximizing the Potential of the Pittsburgh Steelers&#39; 2012 Draft Class ...
its all good if it was me I wuda talked 2 u ne ways dnt get offended.
Happy thanksgiving to my Zombies!!!!
Alright FAC Heads, it's been a good run..thanks for all of your support, our doors are officially closed. Stay in touch...STAY LIFTED!
Getting a suite with my babez and mom and mother in law I really don't care what I freakig wear
Like I'm STRICTLY hip hop. no pop influences whatsoever, and that's what a lot of em listen to at my school. So it makes sense
#nw Ocean's Thirteen 😄
OMG! is appearing at the Birchmere on 2/10! That Is All... that I need to be happy right now. :)
I really need a beer. #Shiner would really hit the spot.
#SAYSOMETHIN so excited!! Im listening to y100 (:
SEASON 6 yea ?
holy hat that was a serious
Of course, I do now, Not dat much of a rookie tho
Yessir! Can't wait to hang with you + this weekend!!
true true, I think I just made the same noise you did when I ripped through it haha
I love being me, it makes the right people mad, and the right people happy. Plus, I never have to worry about hiding my true identity, I'M …
Reading Jessica James' civil war novel, Shades Of Gray. Impressive writer!!!
#LSCON education trains us to find 1 homogenous solution, but where do we teach creativity?
Q: What's musical and handy in a supermarket? A: A Chopin Liszt.
My daughter is so beautiful!! We going out today, park or mall?
TOMORROW @ 7PM. BE ON THIS PAGE.
“: Fox's Gus Johnson calling World Cup games? Seven years is a long time, but it could happen.” - please God no...
That was awesome.
plausible, no way to tell for certain that != 0, unless the function f is known
you don't only live once? I use to be a frog..... 🐸
Is the snow going to melt away soon?
Awake, getting ready for the gym.
no your ok I'm good I'm nicer then you are
I watched a video on Diamonda Galas last night for the first time and it blew me away. Henry Rollins is educating me musically.
Thank you players for naming your corporations crazy things, it makes afternoons full of contract writing interesting
It damages both clients and the profession to "certify" a coach after 5 90 minute online sessions with nothing more.
I want to win a #SnackAttack from this afternoon!
- We ALL are Responsible for our Choices - No Matter What the Results Are - Monitor Your Attractions.
Are Mastiff puppies always so hungry?
Really cool video - thanks for sharing!
Keep making NorCal proud!
Thanks for sticking with us during our hiatus. Stay tuned for more #flower news!
Thanks for you're great insight and advice on your panel!
Pitchfork... No longer #relevant. ": pitchfork listed superbass in the top 10 songs of the year. dead."
1st thing u need to forget in playoffs is "sample size". No such thing in Best of 7's. Entirely possible for 3 PT shooting to suck a series
Can we make that with beef instead!?
hell yea do it bro
thanks for following me... finally! just kidding. sending love.
I think I might shave my beard if the Wings don't win the Stanley Cup.
Thank you Travis! RT : Was honored to teach about Irish Whiskey today for !
on my way to nyc to sing @ st john the divine & see palemale
Super Bowl champs play week 1 at home. 49ers play NYG in SF.
Windows Phone offers alternative operating system - LSU The Reveille
Sonoda's Sushi LODO, serving Downtown Denver since 1995.....Off day for the Rocks, Tonight the Nuggets Finish the Reg. Season #Denver Sports
I like your style!
Mirrors aren't for ugly people.
Let me do you Bad, apparently THAT GUY wins...
RT : when we empower our students to lead (and give them room to make mistakes) that is when we're truly serving them.
Off 2 Venice beach 4 the photo shoot !!!
Heading off to the theatre, my friends. AMERICAN GRIND @ Lyric Hyperion in Silver Lake,California. Be there at 8p.m for this hilarous piece!
Fuck i wanna cry u.u
I've got five different games of #wordswithfriends going on at once. I love the madness.
Omg :o Hannah K. drives?! Since when?!?!
Shira!!! I was just talking about this last night!
I just don't think the Cubs can ever win it all in Wrigley. Put new stadium at Addison and the Kennedy. Perfect.
Glad you like our best of #Miami list on ! Any other hot spots you think we should add?
We're making our Capitol Hill and debut this Saturday night! With , Ole Tinder, and The Tallboys
Get to it! RT : I'm more into whites, rose..or sparkling, but I approve of the idea!
Haven't tried out any world domination schemes lately. Perhaps that would be something to work on today. #amediting and plotting.
On my way home from Miami. was awesome and was good also.
Unfortunately, i cant cut the nuts off human men... yet. So i have dedicated my time to the neutering of dogs because thats legal.
business law is so boring
will you ever do a song with ?
I really love the movie Burlesque. The man in this movie is a plus too!! 
My grandma is hallucinating , its funny she said she saw a spider && there was nothing there xDD
102 degrees again? What the.........
Hey travel peeps over at #TNI! Sorry we couldn't make it today but have fun.
Lmao that's funny. And I bet it was.
The Brazil numbers really surprise me. I would think Brazil economy would be more resilient with all oil revenues etc.
oops, totally forgot.
I've done it before, therefore I can do it again.
Nothing's better than ihop at 6am :)
How odd... Sign of the times, I suppose. I hope you had insurance to cover the items?
might be a little big for the drive thru...
yay your going!? But that I can't do.
The golden rule for every business man is this: “Put yourself in your customer’s place. – Orison Swett Marden
Your worst days are never so bad that you are beyond the reach of God's grace!!
Um...is this a conversation or an interview?
I don't know if a quick fix is what you need, more like quick appellate brief?
I am loving the sone Somebody That I Used to Know by #Gotye right now.
Sent a couple more; let me know if you see them. I am not sure what I am doing.
re: big hair. Could be your new tag line!
yup so you gone add me
#MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Whitney Houston's teenage daughter will star in a reality TV show that follows the family of the "I Wi
The apostophe-like symbol in Hawaiian words (like Hawai'i) is called an 'OKINA.
I'd bet your doctor still does >> : who faxes? I use online fax machines.
taxpayers are now paying for Obama's campaign bus tour as well? Yay for us!
Love remembers us when we forget that we can do anything with it or without it, yet with it we will enjoy what we do.
I was on sick baby duty which involved two wakeful periods I doubt I will be productive at all today.
Good morning Chicago! Make it a great day!
haha those were the days :) you play?😏
If you RSVPd for The New Yorker's Adam Gopnik at the APS Museum tonight see you there. We can't wait!
Serves right for leaving this party early...Pack struggling
So ready for my #trueblood #hbotrueblood Can't wait & Jessica better get saved! #teamjessica #teameric&sookie
go ahead:)
Time to get some rest tonight....then back to work before finals!!!
First Beezle show in 3 years. Done.
Bobby Valentine kinda looks like that wicked tanned lady who go arrested for bringing her kid to the tanning salon.
And I hope it ain't carpet you fall on, maybe a hardwood floor or something....
all weekend at #sdcc it was
why aren't you playing?
I watch Disney Channel substitutes ♥♥
a must win at all costs! Welbeck must start, adds tremendous energy and been in great form off late!
I think they may need a little help if they don't get going !!
haha no doubt about that!
Check out our newly updated website www.relishlv.com!
Country<<<< some country>>>>
well thank you friend! .. have a great monday !
clearly, you don't understand how obsessed people are with LOLCats. "I am in your Android, cuting all the iconz"
So appropriate ... considering I'm just 20 minutes from the place where the music died. ;)
The tournament is always fun. I'm watching earlier than I usually do.
Can anyone ever understand their sibling, especially when they are jealous of you?
Thanks for a great day We'll be back in two weeks, I can't wait, this place just makes me happy!! Thanks Shonda & Carolyn!
No wonder they don't want the tax system overhauled!
so true! You are what you habitually do.
YEA WISH I COULD SAY THE SAME BOUT THE CREW!!!! WOW!!!!
Allergies apparently can develop later in life, get worse each year and pounce without warning.
To what??
Im mad people walk through the train with no shoes on. Disgusting
I love everyone .
Happy Birthday C.J!! Get that #Championship!!
Now that was fun. Lets ride this.
Oklahoma City/Lakers series should be a dandy. Btwn Artest elbow and comments last night about "not shaking hands with subs."
Don't let anyone tell you you are not fabulous. You are! Even if you haven't figured it out yet.
Glenda ... apt description vehement panting
you just tell the b whoever she is ima beat ha a**
I wish I was home with you...
M-Audio AV40 Monitors
New Year's Eve is Thursday. Do you have your plans locked down yet?
oh, link, please?
thanks for the SHOUT OUT!! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
Em has the thing on now, I removed myself to the kitchen
A nigga just came and broke it down at my table... Pause:(
Writing video game music right now?
I'm in Seattle, which makes Thursday that much cooler.
Letter from America – Pre-emptive Strikes – the Kabilite Syndrome - 1 - Asian Tribune
Rangers won a game down one with 6 seconds left and in triple OT...
Did you know that we're open until 7pm? Stop down some evening after work.
Hah, last tweet s/acting/action/ — it had lots of acting. :)
Everytime someone just walking their dog walks by they get a "dogs against Romney" sign
playing minecraft with (:
"I saw that there was no tragedy in God." ~Archimandrite Sophrony
If you are up you should come post on my wall ! Lets talk!
With no #rain in sight for the next 8 days I think its time to give the #Jeep a bath!!
Aaron we luv him we do RT“: Nice, enjoy LA and give all the #SmGirlfriends n
120 days until the BIG 21st Birthday
you were pulling for the GIANTS?! I lost total respect for you but it's okay cause your cute. Hahaha just kidding(;
Good luck will try to catch the game,
I dont even go on Twitter anymore... why is that?..
And look for Tannehill to be one of the luckiest men in the world.. He has a supermodel wife.
Pittsburgh 78, Penn 58 Penn coach Jerome Allen and Pittsburgh coach Jamie Dixon talk about the Panthers' win over the Quakers at the Pale
i'm a good example ;)
what changes do you see the bulls making this offseason after a possible early exit this playoffs?
"Infrastructure" that is...
...Thats what you get for yours mistakes
Its to close to prom for you to make me mad..
no your dicks to big i dont want that in my vagina<------funniest shit i heard today xD
Great - see you soonishly!
idk lol. They get an attitude whenever i bring it up
I lost my voice.... Awesommeee
Waiting for Oscar to take us to the market. In the meantime, Mike is excited about his new hologram belt buckle
there's a new holmes??
You're welcome! We're happy to share the #FF love.
Green Trade Mission to Brazil
Come Naked ;D
lil boys lil boys am going to pray for u little young guys
Session today with ! Finishing the bridge for "Do You Know" and hitting the melody for "blackmail"! oh
is justin bieber online??? plzzzz tell me !!!!!!!!:) thanks
I JUST SAW THE NEW TRAILER FOR A NIGHTMARE ON ELM ST. MICHAEL BAY I LOVE YOU! DO YOU THINK YOU COULD DO A REMAKE OF PHANTASM OR SALEMS LOT
And i absolutley hate the gaws in my mouth and the meds taste like peach Ciroc (dont ask how i kno).
Writing for a 1st reading I have later today #NothingLikeTheLastMinute #writing #shortfilm :)
I seriously just forgot it was Friday for a minute lol
read your story, good beginning... hope you can make it different than the other classic best friend stories out there....
The way is handling the #bigShow, reminds me of how handles the interns.
RT : "And if I fail? I've never been afraid of that. I have other fears - doing bad work knowingly is the worst fear." -...
Somebody is setting my #Steelers up with these fuckly fucking power outages
Oh, you blocked me on Twitter? You sure showed me.
And so begins yet another day.
can u fallow me
I'm in. First base
Puurrrrfect. "That's what she-cat said!"
Open mic tonight. 7pm sign-up, 7:30 lottery. See you there!
SEASON PREMIERE:)
I don't follow - higher taxes for mistakes I didn't make. And mistakes most of us plebes didn't make either.
Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion
About an hour and a half to coach bus liberty? I hope so.
I'm so happy I get to check into school Friday at like 9:45
RT : R E T W E E T this tweet if you want me to list you in my list of Jasminators ♥
Almost 700 :D 360 followers from the goal
Hey bloggers: If you'd like to take part in a blog tour for THE WATER WARS by Cameron Stracher email us at
The clock is ticking.
lame nigga b
I got a few things for christmas my parents where like how can we buy u stuff when all year long u buy everything lol love my parents, igot$
Get $10.77 off tickets to the Guardsmen Lawn Party at Marina Green 6/2 when you enter 'BONE' at checkout! OPEN BAR GUYS!...
what ever
"Think like a Man"....some of y'all already do and that's why you're single
im sorry about that, if I would have noticed it I would have said something. But I'm glad we are good.
thx 4 posting! FYI that tweet cant b seen by all yr followers,unless they follow us, u'd have 2 put "." or "-" in the beginning
My Mom Is Such A Bitch .
Feeling cooped up living here again... I want to take my stuff, my woman, and hike on out of here!
#FF Special thanks for support, encouragement, comments, and feedback -
Yeah I'm single, but you have to be to change that! ;)
I was near there last night! :( guess you guys just need to come to indiana!
Betsey Johnson's going out of business? Hard to believe....
glad you enjoyed it! Can't wait for all of #GWU to try
again, interested in the Horizon Project retreat? Follow
RT : Denver- want to win a painting? rt or comment and you are entered to win! Go to at my opening Fri for...
That's a tough one, but you can do it! #1plus1equals2 RT : math
Just heard the news - Peyton is going to be the QB for the Broncos! That other team he's leaving is sure gonna miss him!
Exciting things happening this week...... stay tuned!
A little distracted, but trying to stay on my grind, I promise!
Not technically for Christmas. But not long after...something came up so it's unexpected/last minute.
Must ... disconnect ... internet ...
Same here bro. But I have bad news for your biz (and ours)...they will lose 90+ games easy. #Ravens coming soon!
thanks for the nice compliment! We are glad to have helped.
follow me i follow back
Blake Griffin is a monster in the paint!
The first step in getting people to own their stuff starts with a good, long look in my own mirror.
Create a zone that give you direction for your business journey...the roadmap to success
lets be honest is there really a race anymore
Happy New Year!!! May all your wishes come true!
Another OT? Not cool.
#baddjnames dj scratch n sniff
RT : Possibly the most wonderful thing about America is its robust tradition of internal critique. To be critical is to be at...
We still working to organize "Hotels" and "Bars" by type and should have them completed soon..."Entertainment" and "Accommodations" are done
same here -- didn't receive any of the money i applied for. no for me either.
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
no one expects the Spanish inquisition!
Decided that I WILL wrestle next year.
consumer reports.
Saverin the ingrate. My latest. ://bit.ly/Mjg2Ql via
Hanging with my friend carlee!!!(: I love her!
SHE CALLN ME AGAIN ND IM GOUN TO HER!
excited to see you, , From Indian Lakes, & tonight Coffee House in Madison!
I agree! Maybe we need to have beer pong tournaments a fixture at #smcseattle events from now on?
We rarely encounter profs who've asked for workshops that are actually using the text. Sigh. (2/2)
San Antonio will always be Austin's hometown. No matter where he lives.
good morning! 😄
PDI conference in DC. Interesting discussion from consulting firms about associates rating partners. Good idea for law firms?
Never finding clothes I like..
Bleach is the best anime I`ve ever seen!!
Hate brussels sprouts? Not the way I make them! www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com - very tasty gluten and dairy free cooking
I'd rather fail than fail to be myself.
Indeed; you captured it exactly...no one really knows.
... a strict diet of candy and bread should do the trick!
nice dresses! I like the partial zebra print one!
Everyone's bored on a Saturday night
HELTON! Cmon, the rally hat is on!
San Diego High Life
RT : Bernard: Data centers are the fastest growing consumers of power on the planet.
It's yours, royalty-free! Congrats on the new releases. I'll check them out...
: im glad u didn't haha even though i got a few sips of ur southern comfort
OKC is having a block party with the Lakers...Smh
haha i think i might die.. But i think it'll be worth it :)
WHOA!!! what a screaming deal! Leonetti '98 and '99 Cab at for $125 and $100
in your subscribe song video is that a gibson Les Paul sun something guitar
RT : The men and women had the exact same score 41-26, at the same time.
I have one that lives in my closet :P
Wishing the best of luck on her trip to Fiji tomorrow. :)
Was thinking the exact same thing. (last RT)
The weather we're experiencing is better known as the Irish Spring
I agree he's on a rage this season
To have your work on HGTV..hm. I will give it some thought. It may be a bit, but I will put it on the list!
Hello Wednesday?
- Two sides of the same coin? :)
#milwaukee Need base shoe for a radius stair? No problem- WE STOCK IT! 12' lengths, works great and can be painted or stained!
RT : We're live-tweeting the #SOTU from a #children perspective using #InvestInKids. / Don't forget staff!
Harry styles might go solo :o are you leaving one direction??
oh my bad don't let me 4get, EVERYBODY'S INJURED,GTFOH,LMMFAO. they must have a year spand of injuries..lmao
Is there any more news about the Brookhaven Airport crash?
another night to make a hoe holler
thank you! #loveyoubff !!!
Last week of summer. -____- It was fun, I really need to get more siked for school. :/.
If you love good music check out these guys .
Fair and 77 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Variable at 3.5 MPH (3 KT). The pressure is 1020.5 mb a
lol of course not
Love Is When The Little Things Don't Even Bother You...
Sienna. Thank you for being a friend! Have a "LOVELY DAY!"
Join this Saturday, October 22nd, for their first Kelly Lane Trunk Show!
Clippers still fly under radar. It's hard to grasp gap unless you're here. Homeless guys ask for Lakers scores. They're HUGE.
I'm gonna smile, not just because I deserve to, because I have God in my life♥ .
not only heard about it... witnessed it (sorta...)
We're thinking maybe sometime in January. maybe you'll have a show in LA soon! need me some awesomeness!!
okay lmao i was lost as always :o
time for a bonfire!
Let's find him and destroy him. Work stealing dildo! Anal Assassin!
Fun day at the Walters in Baltimore.
Mary Kennedy was found dead. Another victim of the Kennedys, I'm sorry, they are notorious for killing women & getting away with it.
no it doesn't exist. You would use externship. I did my externship at ...
that's so true Sarah and may i add not only tempt you but u wind up actually doing that which you said you would not do!!!
thx for makin me admin :)
Wisconsin is on the mountain top: National Guard stands by as state employee unions disengage.
What up big Cuhz?
too little too late if you ask me.
Jeff Saturday to the Packers? I love you TT.
You drove there?!
Yes RT : Does anyone else miss the days when Super Bowl ads actually debuted during the Super Bowl?
sounds like my ideal day! Plus I'd probably be knitting...
Puffiness around the eyes is often a sign of allergy.
I like to be in control. and I struggle against that instinct every day in order to be a leader in service to others.
Make sure you add "mobile" to EDUCAUSE Bingo
Focus=do "one" thing, Excellence= do one thing well, Motivation=do the one thing well to love & serve others.
really!? Hahaha i guess twitter got jealous of us dm-ing each other then.
Happy Birthday to my Brother Kevin!
hooray! Got the cute Paul Frank bag in mail
broken link?
Thanks! You are ever so kind!
Defintion of a perfect Patio Day? TODAY!! Brass Monkey West Allis Patio, Veiw of the Park..Brass Monkey Milwaukee Patio, View of the Airport
RT : I feel proud to have had so many ex. of mothering & family beyond my family of origin. Diversity = Strength not limit ...
I'd like to be, everythingg you want
Remember all those Idiots who said getting Tyson Chandler over Billups was a dumb move? Where are they now?
Surly Abrasive just landed... May not last long, though.
Give your business some curb appeal. Go to www.linedupstriping.com
I prefer to gorge myself on reruns of "Mister Ed" while listening to Led Zeppelin.
spam creepers tweet me out
I'm off tonight. But I'll let them know.
Off to sleep, going to Southern Ivy tomorrow to get a new tie on sale!!
In order to have great customer service, you have to have customers.
I just want to meet already :(
: We’re currently focused on international markets with a variety of customers. Stay tuned, and thanks so much for your interest!
the worst thing a guy can do is make a girl fall for him when he has no intention of catching her <3
PE class at its finest
That sounds beyond wonderful :D
How many people just realized they have to go back to work on Monday.. Productivity will surely be at an all time high
Thank u lord for this beautiful day u have given me..amen
14th #SDCChiHack is TheMIX, an open-source platform to make a personal YouTube video channel curated by your friends
Don't hate on the next man. Make yourself better!
I freakin love Heart Attack by Trey Songz <3
Just gotta get through 3.5 days and then I'm
#dctf member Marans: We are facing a public health tragedy, an American tragedy. What do we need to do? Bloom: Funding.
Beats sound pretty good bro, whatchu charge?
- You sound cool, too. Since your degree in horribleness is honorary, mine was earned. I bet we are equally horrible.
If you spot any polling discrepancies tomorrow, please call our office at 410-338-4036. And report it on Twitter using #bmorevotes !
Omr my cat had kittienz omr their all white and sO cute
Tough audition tonight... Character is a child abuser... This might be the challenge of my acting career, being the lover of children I am.
I'll get you some flowers the day you are buried.
Glenn Close looks GOOD for her! Wow! Just lose the jacket!
big foot pizza was a staple after every Saturday game
a tool that automatically unfollows those who tweet Foursquare checkins from Starbucks above a certain threshold would help
words of wisdom by
can't wait for Saturday then 😏😏😉
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
At the to see #TheAvengers!!!!!
Making progress cleaning this place
would love to. shoot me an email. my address in on my website
We can't believe how great our fans are for sharing our FB iPad Giveaway! Keep them coming! We're well on our way to finding a winner!
is it wrong that I like on Twitter more than I like listening to their music?
“: I have comfy clothes on and they aren't coming off. TGIF.” this.
she was on mad men. Her lines were as flat as ever and she talked about snacks.
You better be coming today. :P
thank you for all your support I really appreciate it! :)
Moses Malone on the spurs
Why, they did absolutely nothing. Their answer to my question was I don't know.
hey bella nice to meet u iam a muslam belieber <3 #muchlove i followed u
At the after party for the new joint!!! It's crrraaazzzyyy in here man. If u ain't here u ain't nowhere!
Just read #Julia. Sounds about right - government should be a place that cares for the citizens! Go Julia!
such a long day! glad to be home.. (:
Kris, I would workout with you but you use a different gym. - Eric
SAN JOSE free show next Saturday at San Pedro Square Market. Gonna be a BANGER!!!!
good night <3
Just started working with them a couple months ago! Do you?
On my way to make piano bar melt
Great time w/all my louievillians last night . Good to see you all again
This one was really something else. Very small production, though. Only 350 cases, but still under $30 a bottle. Phenomenal.
The Home Improvement Center is now on Twitter!!
RT : “: Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8”
the Badwater Ultra Marathon,
Why so much hate?
We have a disposition to trials and tribulations in this world, but the one thing we don’t have to work to earn is grace.
We are having a Reno Collective Townhall meeting today at 4:30pm. We'd love to see you there but we'll also post minutes.
Well, that's not cool.
There's no easy way to say goodbye...
About to attempt to finish this paper!
oh we shall :)
#mustfollow NEW MUSIC VIDEO & NEW MOJO TV CLIP UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!!! CH-CH-CHECK IT OUT! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
Did everyone have a nice Easter weekend?
What is Louisville? I thought there was no such place??
At least someone appreciates me RT : Sharing sorority storiez with #presidentpaige #farmer norm
Thx for including us!
I love putting my fingers through 's hair .
trying to work in hell?
girl get it! haha :)
the things we do as teenagers to cover up all our shit.
You may feel small and insignificant, but remember - God loves to work through us to accomplish his will. -PMJ
So sad I have 2 presentations tomorrow-cant finish reading tonight :(
You cant always have your cookies and cake
VI's own Dr. Juwon Hwangbo, our Chief Photogrammetrist is about to begin her presentation at ASPRS 2012 in Commercial Session 3.
wonderful! congratulations, miriam!
life has been hell! Never take your parents for granted. No one will ever love you as much as your parents do. Get well soon mom.
Show is done & thus the quest for 100 shows in 100 months is successful... next stop 120 shows in 120 months - 10 years of solid employment.
Dominic is driving me crazy, HE's so hot and so Straight. WHY Dominic why do you have to B hot and straight, but he soo good EYE CANDY
yes you are right again.. how is it you can be right twice in one night!! you are awesome!!
Hey , anything cool going on around campus today? Looking 4 feature pics 4 tomorrows paper. Thanks!
Dinner time is about to begun. Are you ready for the fun and great deal for everyone?
A great guy is a great guy regardless of height. Great Guys are Rare and Deserve to be Appreciated.
Thanks Jonathan! Looking forward to working with you and too! cc
Dawes: war photographer once criticized Dawes for showing graphic details: become complicit in the denial if you censor?
#WhatHurtsTheMost my throat...
Love it!
If you followed or RT my life will be more than complete! (: I love you!
happy to see Spanish companies in the Show Daily of : & resol!
oh. tomorrows gonna be pretty interesting then.. like EVERYONE was pissed off on friday. happiest place on earth my but
what do you mean you're leaving
So done with school for the day
totally true!! It takes like not even half the time !
Does someone want to book us a show outside of the Memphis Area?!?
The NBA: Where Jason Kidd vs. Derek Fisher happens.
": #stayfocused" < YEZZIR! Drunk and she's all about it... Drunk and she's all about it! (Repeat) LOL
Wake up, 38 degrees. Tomorrow, 70 degrees.
I liked your iPhone/Android review. Written well as an iPhone user trying out Android. Found it insightful.
Listen to @ this afternoon talking about 19th century fire protection on All Things Considered.
How I love #KetelOne for #happyhour,let me count the ways..1,2,3...oops-floor!;)
Neal is going to sign the first 200 instead of 100 as a thank you for waiting. We will have new plans for future special offers!
thanks for the follow, hun. ;P
#WordPress #Tools Admin Dropdown Menus – Streamline your crowded admin panel menus by turning them into dropdown menus.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F OVERCAST
yess in sunday im gonna be at ur house madame :D
Thanks for the follow! I enjoyed your breakout session at #LiNC. Keep up the good work! I'm curious about your reality TV past
Huh. The wellness coach is giving the wrong date for the RIT CPD stress management seminar. She said April 17, it's May 2.
I just saw Blake Griffin's monster slam on Pau Gasol Holy Moly! If Jim was there to see that he probably would have shit himself
my TL is a mess atm...
thank you for sharing. That is pretty funny.
Enjoying the taste of some amazing Italian wines , the 08 Scarpone us my fave so far!
Oh what a day!
Are you kidding me i have been tweeting #welovegreyson for like an hour and it's not showing up when you search it.../:
Is there any way to just subscribe to your Unfiltered magazine? I read the latest issue online line and loved it.
Is unionization about people or ions?
sweet like candy to my soul. sweet you rock and sweet you roll.
Florida State Senator Dave Aronberg has been continually updating us about this legislative session and thinks a special session is looming.
your getting me so excited bout the new SFU. Rob and Ben on guitar. Shesh!!! Gonna kill man!
James Cameron has a lot on common w/ George Lucas! They both release multiple versions of the SAME movies just to make more money!
NPR Morning Edition working on segment on Rush Limbaugh/Andy Revkin (NYT) flap. Likely will air Thursday.
School is so important. Especially if you want to make a living in music, study hard. U'll be happy you did. Finish the school year strong.
Churchin it up then to lunch oh and shopping. Hm
Soo... I guess finna fight this fly though ... SMH !
Guess I'm heading out to Spokane next week for a few day's for a official business meeting.
my new iPod background(:
Boneless chicken breast... Shells n cheese... Corn... :-)
Good morning! Morning checklist. Coffee....check! Yup I'm good to go now! Happy Friday everyone.
Just crazy, congratulations Kings.
Thank you!! So happy you enjoyed it.
Christian leaders w/ good hearts 4 God are psychologically & socially persecuted by people who project their church resentments @ them.
thanks for following us !
I'm in an airport right now too.
Well, maybe not pull on during sex but cuddling, she's gonna play with your hair or when you're kissing lol. I mean, I do :p
I just had a hamburger, fries, chips and salsa, soda, doritos, pb&j and milk... all in one "snack" sitting.. x]
please keep it to yourself
Thanks for "watching" our footage. ;)
It's a kinda night #Chicago Logan square
Chilling like a villain!
A reasonable point. I just kind of like the idea of breaking embargoes via world travel to expose the lunacy of the system.
Now Kington--used to be acting director of National Institutes of Health. Giving a different perspective.
Sorry #conanobrien - your Donald Trump impersonation looked more like the banjo kid from Deliverance.
Gavin DeGraw and Karina Smirnoff sent packing on &#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39;
Ahh so annoying!
Open at 8am kids. Back on it for you. Be safe!
Soul Coughing sounding great on KCSN right now while driving on Sunset A band that got away!!!
Excited for CWSL students to compete this weekend at ABA regional mediation competition! Go teams!
People may June you from the outside but the inside is what counts the most!
Persistence is not complicated and you never have to do it all at once. Simply persist for a moment, and then for another and another-RM
ISN'T HE PERFECT?
Things are good. You guys will see me soon ;)
Had a lot of fun at the Easter Egg hunt today y'all! I hazed and made him dress up as the Easter bunny. What an idiot!
#crrunconf I want to know more about how Grabill is defining writing...."explode" the traditional definition of writing
Just finished a great night with the Bobby Broom Trio at home base - Pete Miller's in Evanston, IL
I can't think of a wrong time for multiball.
What to watch now? Last Dragon was good havent seen that movie in years
BIG MONEY
I was just called a tall drink of water by a creepy old lady at work..thanks I guess..to bad I can't say the same thing about your old ass.
I had to write a journal entry in history today. I started it with "Um.. so basically" and my teacher collected them and read mine out. Haha
hi i love you. hope you are having a good day!! <3 <3 <3
Seeking employment in Austin, TX July 2012. If anyone has any connections to Austin please refer my expertise.
Ha. Thought it was a 10% >> 100% typo. Thanks for the tip, that is 10% of help I'll happily take.
i wish the bust of Nikola Tesla in my office was also a Tesla Coil.
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
If you were at the show tonight what did you think of the new song we played? Got enough beef for you? ;D
Happy 57th birthday to the bar code. The patent was issued on this day in 1952.
dance party time!!! most entertaining show ever! sunday night is now made.
:D Well, we'll be there for the public health fair if you do swing by.
tweet me shit to draw
After a whole week if no shows due to vacations...we finally begin prepping for tommorows show...
that assumes that its the rats you are doing it for, large amounts of poison in a neighborhood hurts everybody
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's WCMS bi-weekly user group from 1-2p.m.! Email to register
Washington Wizards sign Fabricio Oberto 6'10 245 lbs, him and Haywood should be a force to be reckoned with!!
RT RTcudawudashuda: 'we own the podium, we just let other people stand on it' ...
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional ~ Chili Davis
school just got so much better
The 90 Day Rule only applies to Women that realized her Pussy aint good enough to keep a Man around
Chill with me for a minute (;
we are coming to germany next year i know this what i told you at least. I do not know something new
#Cincinnati folks: I'm looking for an interesting restaurant near 71 and Ridge Rd. Any suggestions? Gonna be in #Cincy next week.
I need a ride to school :(
Steady Chasin' You cant ever stop in life
Same as what I just told : We moms have similar sentiments. Love your post. And that picture? To die for.
Hello to all of our new followers! We'll follow u back :)
Some may call today National High Five Day, others call it Don't Touch Me Day
ok no problem
You are very tired and you don't know why. You (choca?) work hard when you're very tired.
where are you that there is this much snow? we haven't had this much snow in Missouri.
Miss Congeniality is on!
thanks a bunch!! :)
not at all. Doesn't everybody?
How to be alone by Jonathan Franzen, author of Freedom and The Corrections.
Dude don't be a douche, that girl obviously cares about you, your just too stupid to realize something that's right in front of you
pm your user id
did you go to TMC?
requesting cruciferous vegetables is an indication of impending spinsterhood. shouldn't food network should warn against this?
Happy first day, fellow #Aztecs! I'm excited to start my "real" Senior year and continue with :)
You too, Jim!
“ “ When boys let you rest your head on their chest. “”
man i don't feel good at all..
"Pleanty of fish in the sea but now your just shark baiit" <3
This chick got a pancake ass! Lol
Can't breathe out my fucking nose , urghhh !
oh....haha I still need to get money!!! :)
Make finley watch a tape of that catch.
what happened?!?
Tryna help Jass to find her tracking order.
Make sure you follow this PRO in the foodie world for entertainment, tips and recipes!
Can you help me with the adoption post? never heard of anti-adoption people (I'm an adult adoptee, and I adopted my daughter)
#truth “ Someone told me being in the studio to much is unhealthy - smh -” ... most people will never understand that feeling!
Sarkozy says #France has too many immigrants & is not integrating them properly. He's RIGHT. French immigration policies = too lax too long.
you=hero. i swoon. & thx!!!! xoxo to anne z.
Affordable Online Mktg: Bid for 100 Rt/ Mentions/ Ads on our Network (40k+ 1st level). Send bids on
Welcome, psychological one.
Yeah they kept my original Trekkie geeky slides!!!
thanks so much Yvette! You are so supportive every Friday! :)
Christine made a good pt. Betty was pissed bout the benign tumor bc that means shes fat and doesnt have "Fat-producing" cancer
Dear Yahoo: If every message I mark as Spam helps your "SpamGuard" filter perform better, then WHY DO I STILL GET SPAM???
Wish I Could Make Money Sittn On My Ass ALL DAY
HELL YEAH!! THAT WOULD BE AN AWESOME SHOW!!! :D
seems like you've been bitten by the kink bug .. enjoy the journey, there's lots to explore
Thanks for the follow All the best.
Parade in honor of Our Lady down our street in Madrid at 1am, marching band and all...no big deal!
Just left the press conference for the at ! Lots of GREAT changes for this year's race. Exciting!
heel shopping in a few >
"I just walked the shit out of my dog and CRUSHED a 20-minute nap, bro." -- Freelance d-bag
surprise to know one. Still wish he'd have stayed a year to develop as a receiver. Support him 100% though.
i've read articles about black youth in public libraries and i do feel the programs are a bit biased...
Aww :( the family is out of town drinking a #bluemoon and watching
Just got home from work, got the next 2 days off! Time to get stupid!! Hit me up if u wanna join!!
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 4
Off to a 2nd call back...very hopeful :)
Our nannies go through a highly selective screening process -- we want the very best for you and your family!
They do dislike Romney but Newton casts a mean spell. He is very talented. Few politicians could do what he's done.
Thanks for the follow
you damn sure couldn't run with him in the "brains" department.........you turd
thanks for the follow. I hope to have something for you to look at within the year.
Anybody with any experience treating a inoperable non-cancerous tumor in jaw/ear/throat area of a dog? Specifically a Corgi?
Hung over...
ah well you know hahha
Let's celebrate last night's win with $4 Three Olives Cocktails and cheer them on to their next victory of the series!
Thanks bro...lol
font hate the player, hate my Rita's!
You're Welcome : )
.. RT : lmao im not a fan so im good if he don't respond... on the other hand..shit would make my day!
Thanks for the heads up!
SB45 Biz Lesson # 26: Create and leverage momentum.
Pizza and twerkin? Sure let's get butt fucked with our clothes on while eating pizza..
So Tyrael is basically Black Jesus
Bbm can like to behave this early morning o..
they're a food truck, but I think they might have a location in Durham.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
Up next Touch Band featuring Go-Go Mickey
That brown sugar lovin' being brought to my door, what!
just continuing the trend started by Cassel
are you really gay? I am too:)
I'm gonna get this out of the way early b/c it hurts. Happy mother's day to my mom.
Good Morning doe!
it's hailing and why aren't we on a two hour delay? :(
Just played in the snow a little with Lil... unfortunately still grossly hungover
Goal 1: find uniform. Goal 2: get out of bed. Goal 3: stay out of bed. Goal 4: go to my game.
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "I'm saving myself for Tom Sellek." I get that all the time...
that was cute tho but i have no idea what ur talking about!
Hey, thanks! I'm from STL. And I speak about decision making/consumer choice. Maybe we should know each other.
Is this true? "The Bridges of Madison County is 50 Shades of Grey without S&M."
Like, idk, clubs like ours should be in this together against the Citys of the world.
I've never cried for any body , but when it comes to you I cry all the time now .
Ha! #HighFive RT : Absolutely embarrassed Teen and got down to salt n peppa on the dance floor
#titletalk Loved Scorpio Races & based on Welsh legends. Main characters development - growing up, coping liked
Things that I miss about living in a house: a hose, a yard, and a pool that isn't overloaded by chicks who should not be wearing bikinis!
Welcoming our newest members Joan and KFaehling
so who is #missionary mike. Is he more awesome than u are
thought that was 2 weeks from now
California friends- I am moving back to LA next March. I am available for photoshoots & weddings.. Spread the word & get compensated! <3
- lol you know how we do.
Hey everyone listen for me on 102.3 kjlh at about 1240!!
WHAT EVEN KINGS. WHAT.
Consider your body a canvas. It's up to you whether you create a masterpiece or a cartoon.
charles barkley one thing the mavs have that you will never have , is a big fat CHAMPIONSHIP RING ! what a dumb ass !
RT Me too 😔 RT : I am really missing my sister thought you 2 would be married by now...
Yay! the cougars are district champions! Good good guys!
Thanks for Following us, Ben!
They have no heart. They're just coasting
I heart
Thank you Project Haiti students for the "cake balls with awesome sprinkles" - bake sales rock
There are things that I will never get or understand when it comes to people
Hey, #Twitter friends! Will you please help us reach 250 followers by Friday?
“: I thought you guys were going to Mothers...” and CP did me, and did Something else ;)
Can anyone recommend a good literary thriller/mystery written in the past 50 years?
“If a person fears God, she has no reason to fear anything else.” - Beth Moore
FINISH HIM (It? That? Appendage?)
“: When people stare at my boot :( 😡 Have you never seen a broken foot before?” Sorry It's just too cutee
Law describes the way things would work if men were angels
Encourage your friends to go so they can earn great #cashback rewards, too!
thnx for subscribing. you are likely the first in a long line of LA moms that will want to read about my deeply personal biz
The windows were open when I wolf-whistled that shirtless guy walking past my house and whoops.
oh nice! So do you song write or produce? Or both? Lol
What an inspiring moment before the Penn State game.
On a random tangent
Abandons...I like to say liberates!
I'm so addicted to all the things ya do... It's unlike anything when you're loving me (;
Have fun dudes - bedtime for me.
are we still supposed to go straight to the library for Latin?
For tomorrow's Urban Garage Sale, we're bringing SUPER CHEAP amazingly priced items! Wanna know what!? GUESS YOU BETTER BE THERE! ;)
Thanks. Will do.
RT : BYU refers to them as play-out games.
hey the tunes sound good man - keep it up! I'm checkin' out your wordpress site and some youtube vids - diggin' it for sure!
LOL! Better get some RU486, stat
well, Ur my inspiration! Your talents and how ur into sports just wows me! I look up to u prob cuz ur taller lol -ur biggest fan <3
Just eat the egg salad!!
What have you learned from your #breastcancer journey? Mia
if you think you can simply press rewind, you must be out of your mind, son.
Me and probably need professional help...:/
lol yeah it took me awhile to find him but yeah he has cute eyes:)
he is coming to Magic Springs.
Thanks for thinking of us in such a way! ;)
Happy Thursday
A novel should not attempt to define meaning, but to convey it through the story - and that is what Indigo Tree saw in the novel BUZZ
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Amarillo!
ipad or keyboard???
#DearTwitter when ur best players are Playin 2of6 innings in a baseball game odds are they won't like it
I love Col†on Dixon with all my heart.. ♥
The weather in NYC looks like its going to be pretty sucky this week! Hopefully by the weekend it clears up and I can do my first timelapse
RT : Kylah is 8 lbs 5 oz and 20.5 inches long. She might have more hair than me. [Congratulations!]
RT : Maybe Magic meant to say if Lakers lose, Don Mattingly will be fired
Whats Up Guys ? :) Sorry Im on & off this account :) im trynaa get more followers here though <3
You know who to talk to to make that happen! :-)
A Vagina is like the weather: Once it's wet, it's time to go inside.
this episode of law and order though. huh i don't want to have children unless i know i can always protect them :/
Left my water bottle at work. Fuckfuckfuck.
respect the gash
im bored. somebody talk to me.
Twitter Mobile has messed up -.-
well... i am a bird watcher.
"does awareness matter when considering change?"- dr.barner's question to us during our workshop
How long can he keep this up?
? RT : RT : Nude guy gets on stage for Jesus And Mary Chain. Gets taken down hard.
where do they sell 8 bit ale?
Love, love your service but so disappointed in this BofA outage. I will hate to leave but must if it's not fixed soon!
lol who are you trying to fool? cause it ain't me
Its a beautiful day .
Our wireless network is working exactly as designed! Why an exclamation point? Because it hasn't been!
Thank you my friend!
#WOFCollegeWeek Entrance exam!
Princeton i hope u get that star wars cake u wanted lol. love u very much, happy birthday. #SpreadThePeace :)
Time to get my day started : )
My 2 month is actually this Saturday...oh....
Glad you like the modern vintage! Originally I thought it'd be some sort of faux pas to include- but they're just too darn pretty!
backyard consultation in Forest Hills Gardens, I love the tudor-style buildings in this historically preserved pocket of Queens!
Good Morning My Twiggas :D
In marble falls, its pretty, idk why but I like it
HAPPY SPRING! going to NYC soon with jenny; be back to twitter after the trip! : ) bye for now have a beautiful everyday!
Excitement building at #tff screening of doc. Saw some of the kids I covered for
"All Day" I think of u!!
I'm wondering if the sweat beads now appearing daily on my forehead is GRAMMY nomination nervousness, or an onset of male menopause...
I'll b tweeting a lot from now on.I have been working hard & just going through some personal things in my life.Things I want 2 b personal.
Thanks for the follow! I really miss being in the GREAT state of #Texas. Next time we're in town I WILL stop by.
Our thoughts go out to the residence, businesses and environment of Arizona during the huge wildfire spreading over 600 sq. miles!
WH chief of staff Daley says earlier presidential primaries causes polarization & makes it harder to get things done in DC
hahahaha I don't know why she's denying it!!!
aw. :( that sucks. but we'll go see whatever team she's with when they come to chicago :)
Radical Fringe groups like the Tea Party should not dictate American policy
Acquaintance asking me to meet her about a "business opportunity that wouldn't change my current lifestyle." wouldn't elaborate. Grrrr...
haha tell him he is welcome :)
Thanks for following, Brian.
Trying out Beta for a new Social site for creatives only, The Filter Foundry. www.filterfoundry.com
Keep thinking to myself.. when is summer going to begin?! Can't wait for this class to be OVER!!
The global commerce environment is not controllable.
Let's Go
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me32
#IGotNoRespectForYou if your ignorant
Go follow beliebers
you didn't know?
RT : Infant immunization week: This year National Infant Immunization Week is from April 21-28. This annual observanc......
UM NO
Celebrity commercial nugget: #ModernFamily's Sarah Hyland & #MadMen's Elizabeth Moss have old nat'l spots running #OliveGarden &
Bieber or die , really?
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Darn! Got kicked out of solid gold already
Well It Stuff about science.. and girl.. today I woke at 4am ... IDK?and why have to wake up early?!
omg! Yes we were hungry! If u r ever in Atl, u should go thr. They hv a great menu n the prices r good.
Do you think it helps or hurts #iubb if Xavier makes this a game? Sometimes it can kill the crowd if 1st game is a thriller.
That's terrible! So much for love and acceptance!
and see when austin is huge, we can say that we were there to have little private concerts with him every friday
Oh totally! :)
"No be stealth - stealth leads to spying"
Well, lets see what tomorrow brings..
concur. and btw -- you're a sophisticated Draw Something draw-er
Ace Ventura is one of those retarded but classic movies
Our DV service is down and email is not functioning! HELP! Support ticket 1386643
Truth, truth
Off to run errands, pay insurance, will be back soon.
Get out your cowboy hats, dancing shoes--Nashville recording artist Shane Bryant will be playing 2nite starting at 9pm $5 Limited martini's!
dear : i'm not a fan of the redesign!! please go back to the way it was before, k thanks.
Merry Christmas to you, too! The whole family is going over to my parents', as soon as we get situated. Good times.
Would a #painting #company offering financing change your mind in hiring us? Let us know!
100% true!!!----“: #Cancer aren't gossips. You can tell them almost anything without fear of it it ever being passed on”
Me ears are still throbbing
Someone obviously woke up pissed cause now I have to walk to school. -_-
"factious", as "schismatic", "divisive"; someone who turns the body of Christ against itself. titus 3:10
I'm going to write a book
I did, your last message didn't make sense u said... I was gon add comb.ya hair
i wonder when blackberry will finally go under
Better behave, or I'll have to hold you down and give you what you deserve.
KG aka "The Big Ticket" aka "Ol' Faithful".
UK Spartan Floridian"Simon Thunder the Savior of Rock -n- Roll" is in town again.You gotta luv visionary acceptance,affection&feeling!
I just finished a 5.63 mi run
Chuck Bass will be back April 18!!! Can't wait!!!
Not funny! Especially when there was just a shooting in Calif. You just lost a follower.
Twitters: can you freeze meat after it's been brined? mixed answers on the internets. hrm or i'll just cook slabs of meat tonight, why not
I'm totally renaming Digi to Tomer's Love Affair with Open Access or TLAWOA, for short.
that would be so awsome, i deffantly need to get away from colorado for a few days :)
This nigga just walked in church's with gold hair an he black as tar
Dollar Tree has some pretty amazing stuff for a dollar
Lost anybody? pretty lame
You guys are having a nice day like us today.... I like.
LA Kings sweeps STL Blues to head to conference finals...shocker
My friends >
potato leek or minestrone?
did you see the info I tweeted to you last night?
its like *snow* here in Dallas....lol...
watching Herbie Hancock play Gershwin compositions w/ L.A. Philharmonic...simply beautiful...
She is the reason everyone here has suffered. She alone.
Happy Birthday bbyboy <3 <3 Hope to see you again soon ;-***
Wass good my ppl long time not on thiz :)
Be grateful for what you have, don't be greedy and show your love for everyone to see, love yourself - Jessica Garrett
Hit me up in the sandbox
#childhoodmemories When being mean to a girl meant you liked them, now it just means you're being a douche
Source? MT : Manhattan: American Airlines 34 has 3 passengers locked in a restroom. Fighter Jets are assigned for an intercept.
Inside all of our hearts is blood, but also Jesus!
2nd paragraph? am i reading it wrong? "After falling to the Los Angeles Galaxy in the first-ever MLS Cup",
...For folks who claim to hate big government, the GOP is sure shoving it down our throats.
Melissa Leo is my hero.
ohh PLEASE DO!!!!!
See u ! RT : I'll miss you both! Thanks so much for celebrating and supporting last night :)
No kidding.... but it makes me hopeful for other things.... :-)
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future. ~ Charles Kettering
Music causing an out of body experience right now. :P
#RyanKennedy -- sending prayers. Please RT. #Ryan hopes to trend on twitter.
he said "Thank You" not fuck you.
César Chavez Festival. Happening right now on 24thSt, btw Harrison & Bryant. Charros, music stages, food, arts & crafts. Mission. SF
Jake and Amir, the funniest ish ever...
Absolutley!! Only the best for the best!! {{{HUGS}}}
Usher-Daddy's Home ;) <3
Hopefully this is Weeks waking up.
I was by your homestead for a movie tonight and all I could think was "watch for crazy bus people".
We've got some rearranging to do
Big announcement coming soon!
I hope you feel better :)
ayo i need my follows up so get with it if i am following u follow back..
Impossible to choose! RT Would you rather: Play a show with your favorite artist? Or, hang out with them on a normal day?
lol trust I know
I love the bad girls club but I would love to beat Nikki's ass she is a stupid bitch an I would beat her ass any day bring it bitch???!!!
Apparently I'm the only employee who speaks Spanish at #SamsClub today. I've had to translate a few times. It's fun and I LOVE it! :D
Hey , If I told you where I live, would you send me something?:3
Little Arne wants to play guitar for
About to board my flight; Oregon tonight. Btw, how epic is it that we can fly? And 500 mph like its NBD??
Quick question: on a scale of 1 to 10, how often do you go to any page on the Yahoo! site (including the search function)?
FOLLOW FOLLOW
I really don't get why u all hate on twilight? Personally I don't think Harry potter's a good story.. It's to long and weird
m snow day tomorrow :)
idk if ive ever seen one of these more true to my life! haha
What a gorgeous day! Working with my laptop on the porch. Newsletter to come soon!
I'm about to be riding the "Sami Train" (; hahah lol
Broke my big toe. Like an idiot of of course.
Came away from the office Christmas party with a wine rack, $50, and a screwdriver. Awesome.
people who are hating on you are so immature and they just need to get a life. I love you cady <3
TONIGHT at Current sushi DJ DIRTYHANDS! RSVP at
I'm bored like 4real
Carl said we was gonna lose every game and when we finally lose, he act like he right lmao
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen I see my friends and family doing well
Due to the nature of video production, teachers can't work remotely. Maybe someday!
i just wanna send out a big thank you to the people who recently followed me. I haven't gotten on in a while
your episode where your shirtless is on Good Luck Charlie. You're freaking cute (: I really wanna go see you Saturday
ya water so deep it feel like I cant get out!
Food... uh yea I don't share (:
Aight! I'm about to call it a night, but I've got an idea or 2. Basically I can share my own sticking points. Hit u in the am!
#YouKnowICareWhen I keep my make up on for a while before bed/fun time so you feel like you're with a real live prostitute.
Can't believe servers crashed again. Glad I'm sitting these things out from now on.
Our pleasure! Have a fantastic day and #tweet4assistance if you need any help or have any ?s :)
not that boring you've me to talk to. I'm going to sleep though. Thanks for talking to me. Talk to you later bro Good Night (:
I never wanted to grow up , I just wanted to be tall enough to reach the cookiess c': Lmao .
"I'd like to steal me one of them pairs of boots especially"
Most Great People Have Attained Their Greatest Success Just One Step Beyond Their Greatest Failure.
But had a GREAT day , & Naomie was stupid smacked !
Witnessed a miracle today, moments like these I cherish and hope I can send to those in need!
the space is looking better n better ;) cant wait to relaunch
Took me a good 20 seconds to realize that the slide technology on my phone didn't know the word titletown.
Happy to have our Friday regulars tonight! RT : Looking forward to my usual Friday night practice
Here's a reason to add Squash to your activities. It burns 14 calories per minute.
Lol who knows? Maybe we are twins ;) Lol wait that sounded creepy. Especially with that smiley. :'D
Chris Brown. Watch it in ff cuz it looks cool but he's still a giant douche.
i think it "clangs" when you hit some one with it LOL.
Austin,Tx tonight. Geisha room. 422 congress. At 5th.
It's not that bad that he is only going for 3 months. At least he isnt going there for good. He would never just leave like that.
it sucks sometimes though. Like fuck I'm stuck at dade. But my cousin gets to go to uconn yet I had a better gpa in high school.
I cant admit it out loud because ive spent so long convincing myself that it doesnt exist.
welcome home, lady!
Can you follow me?! Please?!
abstract and textures are some of my favorite subjects!
it says.jpg and the pic size limit is 700k....the pic i'm trying to upload is only 164k....
I will shoot a new Bookwink video this weekend No. Matter. What!
Patrick Land, who pleaded guilty to beating to death his his g-friend's 3 dogs, is being sentenced today. Dept. 31 HOJ.
Metaphoric of BB? MT : accidentally just dropped blackberry down elevator shaft. I take this as a sign that I need to buy an iPhone.
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. ~ James Broughton
Reggie Miller is talking about quitting? We can't win? Thats why he never won a title.
I'm sorry that it does.
TORNADIC ... Didn't it snow last week?
GiAnTs WiN Woo!!!
If you do that and it fails, you have no immediate future and no flexibility. Although it is a tantalizing thought....
GB baby!!! Matt Flynn set Packer record books! 15-1 now a bye week!
one of the things we pride ourselves in is knowing the history of our ancestors & upholding that tradition.
Lita Ford and Lemmy are NOT reasons I bought this 55" HDTV
...you can't throw and hit the base
Need something to eat
I hate Crying. -______-
Breaking News outta Portland Big Brayton Chase is stayin!! Now running group sales!!! Promotions get TWEETS!!!
my head is still hurting from those french braids but i do look good so i can take the pain
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP7
#20MillionBeliebers ALREADY ?! It seems like just yesterday he was getting excited about having 100K ! Time flies...
Wouldn't it be great if we could vote tomorrow, avoid the next 9 months of campaigning & get on with it? I'm ready to cast my ballot!
Aww man. I wish I was there. The beach is nice but you would be the prize ;)
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead." — Charles Bukowski
Love the glasses on Gary Oldman! (And Alexandra looks stunning!)
Perfection! You are a blessed girl indeed. xoxo
Kk ill let uk what's good :)
that made me laugh yesterday when you announced it to the tours. So happy you get to graduate in full garb :D
yeah shopping is cool and celebs do come here a lot but its really hard to see them.
Drove by a trailer park called Journey's End. You can't make this stuff up.
At SAA Central until 6pm. Come visit!
Happy Monday! Did anyone see any movies that were shot in Pittsburgh this weekend?
Phone is back up & with a vengeance. Wow!
Giveaway! Dark Inside by Jeyn Roberts. Follow me and retweet for a chance to win the book. Second in this great YA series out this fall.
LOL. At least he knew there werent 57 states in the Union and you don't pronounce the "s" in the word Corps.
Hey you know it's National Pretzel Day?? LOL. Take care of my boy in
i got you bro!
Recording in LA today... more new music!!
a couple bent rims and broken spokes! Looks like my momma's gonna need to be getting me some new cinema 777's for my bicycle c:
KVUE said it's a survival story. I'm going to make sure I catch the segment at 10pm.
A charity box is stolen from a Malden store
When in doubt, bring up a US open cup victory. Classic.
when are you coming to pittsburgh?
hops and pie in the highlands/Berkeley area is bro free.
s/o to / for helpin make an awesome album...can't wait to share it, spread the word!!
Man, i hate it when i dont take the chance and someone takes advantage and GETS IT! i do this all the time "/
Feel like I learned something from that survey.
we did NOT close, same owners, cooks, recipes & staff you LOVE! We are now Camos Brothers Pizza, we're better than EVER!
Obama is visiting the Rubin Museum, one of the coolest in NYC. Ya!
it was Aight.. wasn't really feelin it.. but snoop has a unique style. Guess that's what makes him consistant
my dvr cut it off right at Kara!!! Ugh!
It just occurred to me that the last two weeks have been the worst ever. Not coincidentally, I also haven't seen my kids in two weeks.
TenJune open bar 10p to 11p Mention the Neesa Models Guest List. You can thank us later.
CHRIST IS BORN!
: I'm about to pick at fight w/ you !
You all are the best! 300 Followers!!!
Your dad is such a little monster! His rendition of Edge of Glory would make proud!
no more aps ! biggest relief evaaarrr
I think they know how loyal the iCarly fans are and take advantage of that...
You know, they say that slamming and breaking things is not solving anything, but it makes you feel better, for the moment. lol
Pretty sure they could impeach every available witness with prior bad acts and/or droidhood.
just played a blast* at Prelude Festival with World of Wires! sarita Choudhury, Mikeah Jennings, Tanya Selvaratnam, jon morris, ayesha ng..
Bouts to make a mean ass breakfast and sleep
What are your favorite songs in Spanish about colors for preschoolers?
#single doesnt mean I'm looking for somebody.
How's it going over there? Been awhile!
#Rocky #Rocky #Rocky , sorry #2cents :)
I think Kennth Branagh is doing a fine job with his "Wallander" Masterpiece Mystery! series on PBS.
iknow , but i try not to tell myself that <3
I'll be waiting ;)
: The Big V? I get it as often as I can ===> "big V"- I was gonna tweet, no one would get it
Jay Sean And Lil Wayne Reunite For 'Hit The Lights'
thinks is the shit. He's like a breath of fresh air amongst all these whack ass "My chain, My chain.." rappers**coughGucciManecough**
BIG turnout for Jerry Brown's campaign stop at SDSU.
any mags looking for photographers to contribute work?
so mean
Wide awake!
I just play Teemo and cut off people who run from better players than I. Works out well!
Ah insomnia needs to go away so I can sleep
doin' well! On the road right now. We'd love to see you at a show soon!
I Swear, I just wanna #SMOKE to tha bullsh*T
What, what, what are you doing?
Are you fucking kidding me .
Overcome by desire, they parked along a Clovis street, fumbled to undress, and made love inside the car as an onlooker dialed the police.
Congrats, & on the best design Crunchie. Well deserved.
I see you liked that tweet Its one of my fav, i found it not my own work. But inspiring.
welcome to my street team and thank you for the support on facebook & twitter :) I love my fans!
Great. Another thunderstorm. Thunder better not destroy any more homes.
“: new products coming soon: shrimp starter soft shell crab main ribeye main rhubarb dessert”
Drove through Winchester, TN and thought of you.
let's put a smile on someones face
ust got back now to start to work on school
Three California youth hockey teams left standing at Nationals - Jr. Kings 18AAA, Anaheim Wildcats 12AA and Lady Sharks 16AA
It's not offensive, but it's also not funny. It's just poorly written. Between this and Boogie Math, I'm questioning your sanity
yes come with me and !
After five, some people who are TOO programmed still talk shop like they are still at work
Shrimp and Grits from Maguire's=
How dead is kobys? Blasted retards. Smh
#Globalcensorshipyale starting now with a panel on the effectiveness of online activism. I'll be tweeting from here intermittently until Sun
hey! I've been good, you? (:
wow thanks so much! I will check it out
what are you wanting to put on the site? I'm a bit confused
are u serious?...well yea, knowing me i'd do the same and let everyone else go nuts while i chillax lol
CF2 was a blast! #Turn down the fucking sepultura and listen, man!
watching #theWantedontheVoice!:D
I love how wears her YMCMB shirt on the show. #Basketballwives ❤🏀
We now have over 50 different Head Gaskets in our Walk in store: Memphis Surplus: 4791 Memphis Ave. Cleveland Ohio 44144
Chicken noodle soup is magical! I'm a believer!
Today: CHEST & KILLA CARDIO!! #GSD What's up with you?
L'allegro is glorious. Thanks to Mark Morris & his dedication to the music. It helps me, personally, connect to the dance more.
NYR I do believe just stole this series!!
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Carrot Ginger. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
we had our second daughter last week, too :)
My fashion sense is legendary, I have a real eye, ask anyone
Oh shit, heat lightening!
Don't give personal information to strangers?
I was told a player can get older, but the jumpshot stays with you. Maybe you can get Kobe to show you that fadeaway jumpshot?
VERY insightful and inlightening. Wonderful piece, Chris!
Glad to see that many of you will be visiting our booth at the #NAGGL conference in October. It will be great to meet all of you!
Delayed gratification?! That's un-American!
you live in ny?
I'm already loving it. But I'm going to sleep yalla have a good night Lauren. Keep in touch. Mansaf got me twisted today.
yes!!! When do you get out dangg lol
hey, that's what school is supposed to be my man!
For the record, this thing is crazy and assumes every games I've played for the last 5 years happened in one afternoon. Yikes!
Anyone have an affiliation with the police? Would like to speak to someone about ticket scams.
this is a murder....smh
FourBarrell: Sea of hipsters worth the coffee and donuts.
I'm feeling the mermaid photo on your website, very elegant
I wish I could go to Africa week at washu this year!
hey i want to thank u all for following me if i dont follow u back am sorry i will get a change okay i love u all and please dont unfollow m
& my Grandfather actually. Boys were kept in curls until a certain age Dad says.
RT : Dear Weekly Review, you are so difficult yet necessary... Why can't I just enjoy the time we have together?? #GTD 
Mrs. just taught Miss to use a coaster.
A retriever... A lab... A German Shepherd... Ah
Thanks for the puppy sample food. Bella loves it! Just bought her a 6lb bag tonight! Thanks!
Just finished Giallo. HORRENDOUS! Who's idea was it for Adrien Brody to be both the lead and the killer!?
Trying to figure out Instagram... I keep accidentally posting!
why was he watching? Wow!
Nascar? Really autospell?
I'm never up at 2am, get outta here pneumonia
Pin It button appears to work just fine!
just heard about this...why did he resign?
Is anyone not watching their tv right now?
#ItsFunnyHow you think i like you . . .
doodle with your toes...in the sand!
hey! im trying... twitter is different from facebook, i'm still learning how to use this thang. o_0
- Thanks for the
hey polo how are you? :)
I want to take this time out to pay homage to those whose came before me & I promise to keep the nonsense free from my concepts.
When your mom can't figure out which button turns the Keurig off lol
my dad's buying a new car:D
- HA! Holla next time you're in the 2nd City! Beers on me!
looks awesome!
That sad moment when you're at Olive Garden and my chicken Gnocchi soup doesn't have any dumplings
CFO: Entering into discussion with labor, wkrs to fine tune 401k. Rahm: Nothing can undermine DB plan though. 70% wkrs have both plans.
what does it look like!??
Word then looks we're gonna have a motion filled video on Saturday!!! Looking forward to it
here i the love ;)
Thank you for helping at the Harvest Dinner. We appreciate you!
Why y'all act like if you from Milwaukee you have to love the city? I don't. Fuck y'all. Lmao
U R Strong, Wise, a Protector, and Wealthy!
referred you to me for your Streak 7. Did you buy it in the UK?
Glad to have you on board.
why nobody followed ? :( ( please follow her, she means a lot to me♥
Maybe, maybe not. RT : A single conversation across the table with a wise man is worth a month's study of books.
Not ALL the ghosts. Eddie Brit was missing.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Downtown #Sandiego is slammed with pale fleshy nerds walking around with enormous #Comicon shopping bags.
How exciting. I shook hands with a Millionaire yesterday!! I hope his good fortune rubs off on me!!
I'm bored on break at work and tweeting you has made it go faster haha
Thank God for amazing friends who always come thru and my amazing fiancée!!! #LGBT ♥
thanks for all your tireless reporting over the last few months. Will be making a donation to your site momentarily
3 of 6 first round #NHL value picks have come through. All 3 were underdogs: #LAKings +179, #Caps +192, and #Predators -103.
Problem: Home alone, need to talk some things out for a final school project. Solution: cat just got a lecture on AJAX and Ruby on Rails.
They're all my least favorite Golden Eagle.
I hate Chick friends
RT : Never allow a thought to live in your head that you do not want to appear in your life. -Inspired by Dr. Wayne Dyer
I just finished a 1.70 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I can't believe its not butter. Really, I can't.
"He's a Yankee talkin' guy."-- Dad. This man is made of solid gold.
smh there you go again lol, but you're right tho
nothing created without experimentation can be called either #science or
Thanks for being a supporter !!!
<3 gonna see my baby today <3 :)
Sorry for the delayed response.
one opener. 8pm doors. 9pm show.
Oh, this commercial has been very nice to me:) Thanks Val! :)
that is so much more kosher than I was expecting...
please untag me out of this conversation.. lol
Go for it. Better to do than to do not.
I want French toast for breakfast. That sounds good
you think? I really don't think so
Starlin drilled with a fastball in the left hand.
I didn't know Navy SEALs feather their hair before missions until I saw #CharlieSheen in "Navy SEALs".
<----- this guys a waste of space
The musical presentation (by the opera students from Colorado University) at the Boulder Rotary was FANTASTIC!! Bravo!!
me to and I hope mine do to !!!
it's going great. about to kick off the new school year! you?
How gutsy is this performance by Luol Deng?
Note to self: you do not live in LA anymore. Get. An Effing. Jacket.
It'll always be Liquid Paper to me.
BOTDF Tonight At The Social Who The Fuck Else Is Going.?!?!?!
Happy viet/chinese new year bitches!
Swoon time. Cloney just arrived. I think he's got a great shot for Best Actor. ----Michael
Wow San Antonio!
exactly but they hit me with the bible "man is the head of the house"banter.I showed respect to their beliefs but disagreed
Nothing says "we miss u" quite like an itunes tribute album released within 45 seconds of your death.
Best thing bout twitter is even people seem to hate u....twitter doesnt and still sends me info on all my fav. Peeps!! :-)
Want a 50 states map to work with on Geocommons? Just search "US States-TIGER/Line Shapefile, 2010" Can also convert to kml!
its good that he told u about it but unless ur gonna go i wouldnt trust those two guys to be around him without u there
Check him out! “: Ready for at 7am! Lots to discuss and can't wait. Tune in if you can”
#planning a #conference #event or #meeting? Whether you need a #keynote #speaker for #tech, #economy, #leadership, #eco or #innovation DM us
Always great to meet with Nicole from Leaders like her make Milwaukee great.
Smile: you can model it
S/o TO MI SISTER SHE NEED FOLLOWERS
#mythoughtsduringschool ..omg what if that person can read my mind?! O.O
": New York, dinner w/Bevy, FINO group, twin, lol" < I figured that!!! I didn't see any glasses. Lol. U look Amazing!!!
You're welcome.
city council, bitchez!!!!
I cried in glee because it was so sad and now im crying in new girl because it is so funny
praising functioning a/c on a HOT sacramento day
I am so glad. I hope we can work together again....still want to work on a book signing event when I get everything together
i miss you kid :c
The Indiana Pacers are 1-9 ATS in their last 10 games overall. No bueno!
had a dream that nancy gave me her own iPad for free as a gift!! subconscious desires. so generous, that , even in dreamland!
Hey, people who wear their headphones in the grocery store to avoid any & all human contact whatsoever, we didn't want to talk to you anyway
frat boys and teenagers. 17 minutes until the movie!
Maybe I should just give up on it lol.
great to hear brother thanks. Keep being you
Draw something = khuttington
Owl City Concert Tomorrow night w/ Kayla, Sara, and Jenna!!! I'm so excited!!! <333 OWl City <333
and we gon' play this game for life, Mackin' and Hangin', Mackin' and Hangin' I'm jp, i love that movie doe
oh you know what i mean lmao
#LAkerHater ALERT!!!= RT Kobe is a cry baby!!!
In opening remarks, Congr. Lungren (R. CA) emphasized awareness about cyber threats, particularly threats to power & transportation grids.
I'll be curious to read it, as that was a great session.
Crazy dreams last night, too much twitter at night is too much
I am guessing either Braun or......Fielder. I guess maybe a Grienke extension.
“: God damn that's a lucky ass bitch.” Mac's a boss :D
So my 2 yr old accidentally gave me a fat lip yesterday. I bent down to kiss him on his head and he jumped up. Ouchie!
Thanks Kelsey, they are sweet!
I need shit to do *ASAP*
The receptionist at Old Main Advising is seriously the rudest individual I've met on this campus.
uh what room you in man.
Ready to get tattooed this weekend then its time to stop for a while I got to many
Aye baby you look like you could use a stiff one. ;)
The past ten years of my life have been leading up to today. Holy shit. Good knowing y'all.
I really like watching Kenneth Faried play, he works so hard
Out in this sun, im loving it ;)
If diamonds are a girl's best friend and a dog is man's best friend, who really is the dumber sex?
I need a fuckn history book D;!!!!!!!!
RT “: Voting to unite sag n aftra finally. Vote yes actors” YES!! You ROCK!
I finally adjusted to west coast time, just in time to get up at 3.30 for my flight back east. *sigh*
We currently have 30 participants for the package exchange! Yipee! tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
I love you more than words could ever describe.
well my laptop is a pretty hot piece of equipment.... ;D
I must say I'm starting to catch feelings ...
not very good with score updates. Please give more scoring updates.
Is it stupid that I sometimes take iPhone photos of pertinent email information on a computer screen so I don't have to look through emails?
Sorry I missed the groundbreaking...I will be happy to sample any leftover wine samples to make it up to you guys!
RT : is home from the hospital and is expected to have three weeks off to recover.
Damn fire drill scared the shit out of me😝
i think we have the same bday
A brutal traffic jam on the way home punctuated the mehness of the experience.
“: Add my NCREDIBLE logo from my icon to yours and I will follow you. Join #TheNCREDIBLES” - Donee!
Bosh out indefinitely after MRI reveals strained abdomen
How the hell do u cancel a football game due to snow some of the best games are played in the snow this wouldn't happen in the old NFL
Woke up in so much pain...agggh i have so much time left...December ain't coming fast enough
is a very outspoken, honest, and opinionated person. If you're wanting something sugar-coated .. Go eat a damn glazed donut!!
Thank you for your prompt reply - glad that #bankofamerica is allocating resources to twitter!
Sorry for the unfollow my friends, but no follow back
Can't wait to see this summer! Win 3-Day passes this hr with
625 followers.. U guys r great
Up next from intel talking about how to scale social media interaction on facebook.
Don't peel your carrots...wash with a vegetable brush and enjoy the flavor and nutrients that are on the outside!
I think he's in...in hindsight, maybe he should've been in last night, because he has the chance at last "word" if he scores
Hello good morning
I want more followers :/ anybody? #f4f ?
You said you were okay. But in reality, you're just sad.
Lets go Nuggets lets get back in this series!!!!
Seriously want to thank everyone who was able to come through last night! We feel all the love & are giving right back through good music!
no they never asked my side
Listen to our music or the kitten DIES.
Coming Up: 8th Annual Roadhouse Brewfest at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse on July 11th. Come sample 8 ales, live music, food specials and more!
Time to finish up and submit proposal for the Wooden O Symposium... Hoping to continue my annual trip to Cedar City!
Join the HCPA for PUMPKIN decorating at the Cooper-Siegel Library in Fox Chapel. Free event! Sat 10/15/11 at 1PM.
I hope so. You're right about guys having Fitz' back. Titans LR was split for he & Collins
in the town where I was born for a few days, don't get here often, it's cool to imagine how I'd be if I'd never left
Always think it's funny when people "subtly" look down at my feet to confirm whether I'm really this tall or just wearing high heels.
Musical Aesthetic Experience.
the highlight of mothers day was calling my grandma. shes the most incredible woman i know.
Acting like your on your phone during a scary part in a movie while with company ;)
such a noble cause they fight for. Freedom. Thank god they are fighting for my freedom
yes! I'll DM you to plan
Carter joins the fun, as Kings score again. LA 3 STL 0.
Had to fill out yet more paperwork for my SS disability filing. Wish they'd just give it to me all at once.
Technology enhanced - increased use of tech in f2f, but no reduced seat time.
: I agree about Nirvana. As far as Bowie goes, it's "Life On Mars" all day long for me. Love. (also: the Labyrinth, b/c I can.)
I was referring to his speech where he definitely sounds like a racist
Grrrr my mom just caught me chasing my tail...how embarrassing
Thanks for the profile pic love and support. We're so excited about this trip!
Who would like to take me to see Rod Stewart and Stevie Nicks at the Bradley Center? Because isn't willing to do it...
what about that girl 👇;)
YAY! Work hard in school and get involved! RT : Had a great time at this college trip, I really hope I get accepted!!!
Hope it is all for the good. Speaking of good, I think I'm almost in good enough shape to keep up with you now!
looks great!
I hate when I read texts wrong .....
Thank you! Loved the post.
wow ; not cool at all.
#shoutout i love this girl sydney Faye with everything i have and am worth
Thanks darling :)
I hate when websites have a blank "Contact Us" page. That's a quick way to get on my sucks-a-lot list.
Then you need to do what you think is good for kids and their learning. Try not to worry about his opinion.
What do you mean "How does it work?"
Due to maintenance, it is HOT in the Fine Arts Library today. Bring a smoothie. (And one for your favorite librarian, of course!)
yeah! Moto & cowboy boots work best. I whip it out like a switchblade.
#ABQ This Sunday it is a concert by kids to raise money for kids with #cancer. Come see some great talent! 6pm Sandia Prep Theater $10
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Neal Brennan
jingle ball.
abd wearing another man's initials is softer than soft.
RT : we're looking for blind iPhone users for a short, remote, paid study ($10 for ~30 mins)--reply (or DM) if interested
make your account private
Haven't been in a few weeks. Check out that free putting green?
Under 2 hours before I'm off for 5 days.
We're going through it right now too, exciting! Any major takeaways to share?
PSA - Going abroad? Buy travel medical insurance for the trip. Recent air medical flight from India to Boston: $45,000.
yes we need to hang out.
back off.. I'll get it back geez 😳
thanks for following
International Adoption After Miscaarriage
I live in Miami, am a new Yorker and jersey girl who travels a lot to Paris.
Its so awesome watching grow as a performer and a professional over the last couple years.
Everything that happens to us shapes who we are becoming
Can't you see that you're smothering me, Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control.
I really need ya help big brotha. Holla - GOD bless
Two of my favorite words in Norwegian are "ikke/ikkje" and "prøvde". What are yours?
They are great! RT : Event Badge pick up by was wicked easy.
I see you will be wearing #22. Good number. I like it.
⚠ watching the news
Hey, it's "Unicorn Shepherd" u need 1 to lead the rest of the unicorns that make up your designvelopment team. :p
I guess why not....
R u kidding me....Marcum!!!! Grand slam....now those r fireworks on the 4th!
Currently experiencing the best bar playlist
Thought I was over the bridge now...
puppy included?
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken
Whoohoo! RT : Looking forward to seeing this Sat in Indy! Have to represent the love give us!
Pretty crazy this week! 6 airplanes in 6 days!
Trying to keep a straight face watching this morning. and Life Colors.
This makes me sad. I swear I'm nice in real life. "Klouchebag score for : 50 - "bit of a douchebag"
Do we not all agree to call rapid thought and noble impulse by the name of inspiration? -George Eliot
You are pretty af ! Deff not ugly ( :
sorry um half asleep.
Room was hoping for the Mega, room opens at 11am for ME SNGs. $3300 Main Event @ 3pm!
its a ODB kinda day
ha! Not this weekend...
last night was faaaaab
Not where I am, its every provider! I'm in a rural area!
omg 4 more day i am getting old lol
There's always traffic when its nice out
we're in VA dropping kid off at college, but welcome home! 8:00 am Mass? :-)
"Chewie, I got a bad feeling about this." -- Han, just before administering the Galactic Assessment System (#GAS).
did he say anything at the end
u can't go wrong wit that at all..
RT : HOWDY...Dropped down to say Hi, LOVE Your Tunes Dear...Ron From Canada...> TY Ron!! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
totally agree!!! Sad when there are so many great tools out there and they are all blocked :(
Get ready to burn it down
they're weird lolololol
Dear entertainment industry: i have a few years left to convincingly play prince harry in the kate middleton tv movie. Please get on this.
This is the account that i'm going 2 use to promote U & stay in touch w/entertainment/music. thanks. -V
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you.
just for clarification, I mean, should the world just watch?
same! Prom, graduation, bday, vacation! So excited.
' Q: If theory is something we do, where is low theory it located?
I only saw the replay of it. Caught the last 7 mins of the game.
im excited babe!
Last night. A guy. With just one simple kiss. Took my breath away. The feeling it gave me was indescribable.
i love cleaning my room
are you talking about the cherry berry one or whatever it's called?
butter London.
Just made this Twitter on friday!! Come on and follow me! It would be amazing to get to 100! Send my name to your freinds!(:
there still so much work to do.
Who's going to the Yankees game tomorrow?
WTF, its Thursday already
At fridays hungry than a mother
Awww. Love it!
The high in the sky
Eating blackberries
We have an old Gerber plotter, HS15, and a Gerber EDGE in our shop that we don't have software for.
hope u have a great day it would mean alot if u would follow me😊😊😜😘
FURIOSITY - A LESSON IN AGGRESSION is now on ITUNES! Give it a listen!
One day u'll realize u lost a diamond while u were to busy collecting stones
Second USF Bulls Goal disallowed by the NCAA Refs, both were "offsides".
It doesn't seem like any artistic compromises were made on LaMontagne's part. Gotta get paid, no?
Food wasted -_-
Trolling, because I can't sleep.
Check out UFC Shane Carwin Newest Team Max Muscle
it doesn't matter if you wanted my opinion or not , I'm going to give it anyway 😉
Workout set on the calendar tomorrow for 6 am. Lord help me have the strength to get myself out the bed when my alarm rings.
Just had some of my new friend, Adimier's homegrown shitake mushrooms.
All of the iPhone's in my office on AT&T are unable to make any calls right now! Anyone else willing to test and see if their phone works?
if you're at #dreamforce take a photo of the expo,upload to and earn cash. Its that easy.
catching up on #googlereader, updating portfolio, and then watching Once with
SO hilarious how many people are texting me asking who we're subtweeting hahahaha!
awesome. Hope your dad is doing well.
Got a ten on my calc quiz. I didn't even need 's help!!
RT : Also, gen. FYI, I checked with & registrar goofed on Online Community class - it is 3 course hrs. Fixed[...]
Most excellent. Thank you.
where u go now?
Wow! I havent been on in a while!!! I've been very busy!!! I hope I can tweet more soon! :^D
Desire a #swinger discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
Happy 150th Birthday to the today! Hopefully, they’ll celebrate with a win vs. Oregon tomorrow!
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Finally! “: Quick shout-out to my sister and brother-in-law who have joined the twitterverse!”
I found myself in your area, looking at everyone's face that passed, secretly hoping I'd come across yours.
Oops. I've been spellchecked. Aurelio (not Arthur) Zen and Jackson Brodie (not Brody). Oh well. Long day.
Life Enrichment Center News: April 24, 2012
Been in costume almost all day since 8am...wee bit woozy.
I don't want to go to class
i think you meant: we're* gonna hang out every day*
Had the county jail call you to post my bail... Can't believe you didn't have my back...
that will be how we spend out Sunday...can't wait! ;) Have a good/productive day...
Anyone know of a good video for Transatlantic Slave Trade?
awesome hve u met the iconic boyz???
Mark Johnson: "Don’t make the machine into a magic box: the blood goes in an whoosh we get DNA information."
Hey, I heard you make fun of people. What would you say to me??
MT : At #mw2012? Come by Nautilus2 & help map the museum tech landscape. I'm drawing maps all day with & you.
You just can't help some people no matter how hard you try.
Even Racheal Nichols knows your a sidekick.I hope Delonte is giving it to your crackhead mom real good.
we loved it too!
Hey - If you'll bring a Roadster to the #NASASocial for us to test drive, I can guarantee a lot of positive tweeting! :)
My memory must be slipping, because I sure don't remember asking for your opinion.
fuck yeah we love you!
Mourdock, Fischer...but the Tea Party is Dead! Go !
Follow my new twitter
let's change that June 1st!
Still adjusting to being back at work after a long vacation quickly followed by sick time. Actually feels good to be off the couch!
what are you reading?
Found another #winning tweep - Congrats on your SPJ-SD awards! Hope to see you at the July 7 awards banquet.
Good job smith from the #Coyotes way to knock out the #Blackhawks .congrats on your first round #nhlplayoffs win! But.still..#gopanthers !
I was the one who came up with "Filthadelphia."
Is Sarah McLachlan singing about Hawai'i? Enya singing about a Chia Pet?
Someone can DM you only if you follow them. So that's an easy problem to fix....
No relationship is ever a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you DON'T want.
Fuck with a winner.
lol I just texted back ;p
These favourites will make me laugh on a shit day.
I had an amazing hike along the Coastal Trail, just south of Point Reyes Station, CA.
#SexPlaylist J. Valentine, Chris Brown, & Pleasure P - Beat it Up !!
would like to get together if possible and soulstorm
": Fool Our Prom Is May 5th" I had forgot. I wasn't gonna go but i just might
Several local cities have BID programs. Vince, can we generalize from the findings from your study?
Irene Recovery Map: for ordinary people helping ordinary people: irenerecoverymap.com #Irene #CleanUp RT
It happened... I downloaded
RT : today has been great ....couple big name new clients hit me up today! word of mouth and flyer dropping is working wonders!
Thanks for following. I hope you are doing well. Such a gift of life we have been given. Blessings.
Golf on TV is 100x's more interesting when is playing, and even more so when he's in the lead.
Thank you for all of your enthusiasm for , Michael! Initial orders on track to ship by end of April. Cheers!
You couldn't even do a half. Shut-up.
Morning Twitter :-)
lmao the ducks are everywhere! I was gonna take a picture but then it was staring at me so I decided not to lol
Yeah Call me hit my line we going to cali in 20 days
Yo dawg, I heard you wanted a new iPad, so we named the new iPad the new iPad so you can buy the new iPad when you buy the new iPad
you go to sleep yet? Congrats!
Also an ethics of openness at a university... UNIVERSity, anyone? Yet, administrative resistance, given corporate status
Yo! Mark Nice meeting you & your wife Thanks for the support. Hope her birthday celebration was a hit! Cheers! Christian
Nose vs. ear. Hm, which is worse?
you're beautiful
I think the price is right on.
That awkward moment when you put a lot of pressure on coal and it doesnt turn into pearls. &
I hate sappy chick movies and love storys but I kinda wanna see that zac effron movie cuz he looks so freakin hott!
The shade!! The shade of it all at Starbucks now!
For those of you who guessed a NEW Denver Broncos Jersey, you are correct!
hes does make pretty cakes
We are getting ready to launch a grant sign up for free glasses
Just finished 3 days Art Modeling in Laguna Beach! Like a mini-vacation with pay!
you're already in a match right now (joc-xg)
I thought he left her ass.
How the heck have you been?
. not sure why anyone would consider taking beverage advice from someone who can't even spell "succumb."
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood
thanks for following - and for attending the SMPS event yesterday!
During their show dedicated "Don't Fear The Reaper" to of who died today. R.I.P. MCA.
I really didn't need to make 's red velvet brownies, but they saved today a few times. Wedding diet starts when they're gone?
Found my Robot Masters stuff; Optimus Primal, Mirage, R-Blade, Star Saber and Victory Leo. As well as some convincing knockoffs. Cool!
as much soul as she put in informing us of what's in the new chicken wrap, she better had... Lmao...
What Tucson needs is......
nice follow up chief. I look forward to future blog skits.
Near empty room for
Love my dad's girlfriend! And I love Ethiopian steak tartare. Now I'm buckling down and loving wine studying and wine class prepping.
Bahahahaha that's hilarious... I might be gone today.. fighting a case of food poisoning right now lol
now just go with me here, you starring as the lead in "The Dusty Springfield Story". Get on that.
I don't know, last years was pretty bad. RT : Worst. Halftime Show. Ever.
thanks! So glad that's over with...
Is it wrong of me to already be laughing in my head because there is a possibility you wont remember the third lol.
please not tomorrow. I have to have them tomorrow for dress Rehersal for a grade. ):
Be on the look out, Take5's "The Talent Farm" performance video's will be up Wednesday 5/16/12
Of course! We sure do love our Chicago Dogs!
i actualy watched it sunday night cuz i wanted to see french montana but i was watchn it again today -__- dont judge lol
Was Mitt Romney really a spoiled, pampered, bully in High School? Say it isn't so...
Fareed Zakaria on CNN "If doomsday really arrives, a can of baked beans may be worth more than a brick of gold". Sound advice.
There's coffee here but no fixin's. Thwarted! :-/
And I hate when people aren't thankful. It makes me feel like they don't deserve what God gave them.
Brother I am so hearing you on that, I decided to watch the rain fall instead!
bout to hit ur phone
There are some noteworthy projects though. Will need to look then up and tweet them forward tomorrow.
I love you ! Everyone follow and support her
I need to install ice packs in my mattress or something. I'm burning up!!
ShoutOut to , she's a cool chick with awesome and funny tweets! #FollowHer!
Join tonight for your chance to win an XBOX and Kinect tonight at 9pm ET -
you're ALMOST there! Keep your eye on the light at the end of the tunnel whenever you feel like punching someone ;)
The parking lot at Miller Park, far as I know.
#ijustwannaknowwhy people start college and give up - education is the key to your future success.
Im in one of those moods where the only thing to make me feel better is finding out someone from high school got either fat or pregnant.
how many teams Fabs?
rogaine MEN'S ROGAINE FOAM EXTRA STRENGTH 1 MONTH SUPPLY NEW :O
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
ThankU 4 yr constant support! I continue 2 work hard despite my twitter presence :) can't wait 2read 1st by Jamie Corrigan!
your wish is my command!
R. Williams is the best rookie back behind M. Ingram...only question is how long till the starting job is his 3 weeks, 10 weeks, 2 years...?
Can that experienced be bottled up and sprinkled over this weekend?!?
I think they just switched the twins lol
Happy Founders Day to our brothers of // On May 1, 1848, The #ImmortalSix came together to officially meet as
Good 2 C so many Jackson & Lawrence County folks at the Seymour - BNL game. -JDG
Shows Fri and Sat at The Crossroads went great! My good friend from hs is actually booking our band at The Crossroads! Small world!
Just saw the cutest kitty ever! I want it!
I do these things for your protection I don't want you to feel like your gonna get hurt
RT Happy to announce that GTG has been acquired by We're down in ATL all this week meeting the new family!
Seeing Rusko perform. Make sure to peep the video we did for his midwest tour with Steve Aoki!!
Awesome, Maniac Cop is one of my favorites as well!
All pray for his safety
Same bus driver is asking what route he's suppose to take. And he isn't kidding.
Don't forget to nominate your company for a free breakfast! Tweet at and use hashtag #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. First 5 will win!
Should be an interesting day for the internets. This is largely untested territory - still not sure how #SOPA & #PIPA would be enforced
Hey, who you met at our show is playing at The Way Station tomorrow Sun 8:30! You should come, I'll get there late
EXACTLY....Hey #GoDaddy...it's not just the outage - it's the lack of communication & use of technology
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on itunes!!
Hey! I know this chic too!!
#TerrificThursday have a great day boys!
Who wanna pull an all niter? No boring Texters !
Defending their intolerance some (i.e. Luther) claim God as "no respecter of persons." they 4get God is neither a "disrespecter of persons!"
My dannon stride is immune to negativity
learning is recognizing patterns, understanding is learning the patterns which transform one pattern to another.
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
I can really see what is important to people.
Xmas Tweets: Mom doesn't want Netflix because she doesn't have time to watch what she's watching now.
I am a fan of gorilla marketing and believe it is up to everyone to either think hard and prepare to protect there assets.
heh. The original was written for cnet in 99. amazing to see how far the field has come!
if you want someone to make you smile throughout the day follow
Mark Hoverson Rocks! Wow!
Breathing a sigh of relief that Astrid is okay...
Want a custom painted parasol for the Saints games?! Hit up
I believe in the next 10 years we wont have enough food for everyone. Unless we start creating new sustainable farms now! Support us -Lawes
Neylon (Science & Technology Facilities Council, UK): ease of re-use is crucial, access is not enough.
At San Diego Latino Film Festival. ¡Muy bueno!
This is Jeopardy!
Plz RT : Score face time with L.A. casting director Ty Harmon. When Saturday @ 10 a.m PST. How? Tweet me 4 easy details
FYI: You do not need a table to sell or trade zines at the Portland Zine Symposium. Swapping zines out of backpacks is strongly encouraged!
You always have enough to do the will of God today.
Ruben is piercing all day until 9pm!!
haha, thanks for the support! :D
At DIA with -our delay now 3.5 hrs. Who's got a hidden gem tip for DIA for us?
Idk. I just need to stay awake and I only saw you here. You are usually multitasking!
awkward moment when everyone starts staring at you and you don't know why
U forgot me #Team2Sexy!!
not trying to poke fun...sincerely, when has he batted 2nd?
Guys, apparently there will be a second leg of the US tour and Boston will be part of it. Just letting you guys know.. x
Bout to blast some music & write this Mo'Fo essay -_-
I opened up myself to the girl I love. . . & instead it broke my heart </3
good for you!
#InTheSummer I spend every second with my friends (:
anti-reform msg last week: "parents union parents are dirty liars" anti-reform msg this week: "no more mudslinging" #recsissiongate #really?
Lots of people here at the #ulga-yp meeting. Wow!
I also like trucks, guns, beer and bein' outdoors :) HA.
I figure I might as well collect CDs while others collect vinyl. It's something different. Still, I collect both :) do you have
asked a good question about natural gas vehicles
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Lol u a mess
Big shoutout t all my new followers thank u fr following tweet or dm me sometime
Thanks, Go Local! :
it was quite funny really. hahaha(:
wow, hey its claire.. i forgot the password for this twitter :Lbut im back :D ps sam.. thanks for giving me the passwrd again :L x
suck my cockiness...lick my persuasion
I dont wanna be at work right now.
Time to practice my Bass, pretty boring these days really thinking about joining a friends band.
i hear ya,howz everything?
Trivia Night tonight @ 730! First question: Where's the best place to have a ball downtown? We'll take A) Thunder Game or B)Whiskey Chicks!
Woo ALEX IS AMAZING is only 5th away from the top!! Make it first!!!!
Shit got real in his background lol
get Lou Piniella on Twitter. Want to hear about his days with Munson and Murcer.
is that the name of the movie on right now on
don't send negative personal messages to people - it pollutes the Twitter environment.
thank you for the RT!
New video clip for "Steal A Car" is up. Next week's video is "What Would the DOOSH Do? (WWTDD??)
Attended a webinar on Agile method for print/digital products. Will pursue, but can't tell if my bosses are tired of workflow!
NEW ACOUSTIC SET in WA Where: Mandolin Cafe, Tacoma WA Date: Friday March 16th 7pm-7:45pm $5 at the Door Ill be hanging out after the show
That joint spa deal I got with John Travolta via Groupon seems a little fucked up now
MESSAGE ME TO GET IN MY CABANA AT THE PLAYBOY MANSION THAT COST ME $16K FOR FRIDAY AND SAT. DRESS TO IMPRESS I'LL HAVE DAM NEAR NOTHING ON
Thanks Scott! RT : #TT shouts to my friends Got a question about #freight or #logistics? Call Blue Grace today!
I honestly don't understand peoples obsession with my ass. It is not that serious! 😒😔
Perhaps you're reading too much into idea of the "exit" interview at Yahoo.
": Alec Bladwin stalker ordered to stay away" dont laws need to be tougher? Ths ppl dont undrstnd boundaries
Can you even get drunk anymore? Its like drinking a vitamin to you.
Last punch bowl poll for tonight -- 9 outta 10 - want the dashing Lawrence Zarian talking fashion for #OTRC rather than social networking
He is home in VA. Tell the other fellas to pick it up
3 1/2 for me. Yeah, dragging a little bit at work today...
oh I am awful! I've been writing some of my turns because my iPhone screen is too small to draw things like Bruce Lee haha
I just got you in a tigerbeat quiz for like compatibility or something. Not that you will see this or care. Jss'
im not missing out on anything!!!
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
OHMYGOSH! I love when that happens! (: you made my day! <3 thank you SO much girl!! That means a lot to me!
she just got here. hangin out, eating, trying to do work, creeping fb...but really, do my homework. cider is calling your name.
I got Merle, Willie, George Jones and friends on the box Rollin to Austin for
he wouldn't be sold for 25
I want you to drop it , pick it up , n bring it back girl
im currently teaching myself to write nines from the bottom up. I think they look good.
I showed #oomf the outline of my dick. I know she liked it lol.
Mamacita que necesito ? soy abrio , thats all the words i know ,Margaritas & microwave pizza's ..best frieds you are my fucking best friends
Hey ..that was so awesome of u to blast out like that on our behalf ..... thanks a ton!!!!!!
then start tweeting it RT : hybrid attendance : you start reading tweets on a presentation then you join it physically
11:11 make a wish everyone and wish for the best out of life :)
Jennifer Aniston has awesome bobs!
Everytime a HEAT playoff game come on, I gotta go to work :-(
Watched a couple of very bizarre movies. Little Deaths last night, Sleeping Beauties tonight. Loved the first, liked 2nd. Charlie hated
Thank you, Martin!! #FF #wave back at ya! Have a lovely weekend at the sketchboard! ;))
I think I've decided I don't want a birthday this year.
You can't stop The Blake Show <3
sure ill post
Life is a beautiful gift, don't waste it> ENJOY
Yeah baby RT Three words - Super. Bowl. Sunday.
So the Red Sox saw Scotty Pods' .289 OBP in A and thought "we need to get some of that?"
I've never received a Lexus for Xmas. According to their commercial it's fairly common. Just putting out there if anyone thinking gift ideas
Honestly, Barrett is/was severely out-gunned. ($) I can't think of anyone who could have pulled this off with what he was given.
i need this week to hurry up.
'I'm not like most guys.'-most guys.
I expect a warm, fuzzy, group hug the next time I see you both!
RT : He was a GI recuperating at Ft Meade and checked out the book in 1946 before another deployment.
Haha, get with it, Dana.
You guys make me laugh... love ya'll. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump.
Hey YOU should follow with every account you have because YOLO! ;)
They're*
Sure, but that has nothing to do with Brandon Marshall himself is saying.
I'm with you re: I'm not a defender of his, but man...some people forget the "ridiculous" part of the mantra.
I'm just overthinking things. I need to step back and realize what in life really has a reason to be worried about
Ya cross me, it ain't gonna be fun..ya gonna be tap dancin into cement shoes..
How's your day, Beyonce?
As a great American once said: "No justification without hyphenation!"
yes you should.. You gave very good running commentary!!
Woowe-oohh! Amber is the color of your energy!
Why am I in class when there are 4 tournament games being played?!?
It's not a grammy but we can make U a trophy out of aluminum foil? Get back to Wisconsin soon! More roof top BBQ's! Congrats!
Blogs/sites that use for comments sabotage themselves - I can't even see comments from others if I block 3rd-party cookies.
Don't stand too close to the heater- plastic melts
My day was going fine -_-
Great #SEMSanDiego meet up last night. Chatted about email marketing and I won Scott Stratten's book, can't beat that!
You must care enough to tweet about it lololol
Sorry to be missing #Foodiechats tonight for its one year anniversary!
I just got my wand: SYCAMORE WITH UNICORN CORE
Anybody's adrenaline still pumping from last night's glorious victory? Mine is. It's going to be a good week.
Mark Ruffalo, in an apron at Frieze New York: "Have a sausage and stop hydro-fracking! I'm here to feed the 1%!"
sweetheart thanks for the follow nice to tweet your acquaintance 😊
HAHA THAT'S AWESOME!!!! I WAS SOMEWHERE WHERE THERE WAS A LOT OF PEOPLE SO I DIDN'T SCREAM! BUT I DID LATER!
I need water
Great Sunday greetings to all my Twitter friends! May your day be blessed and I hope and pray that you have a truly blessed week! Dean
Still pretty bummed about Junior. :(
and also, I'm pretty far north and this is one of the first days I've worn shorts this year.
We will be open until 10pm tonight, but don't be afraid to call in large party orders, which we will deliver until 11. Happy New Year!!!
them niggas killed my brother
Seriously, Allen Lam's automation session. Starts very technical but gets simpler- Repeated tomorrow-mark your calendar!
Is there slash fiction of Mr. Incredible and Mirage? I think that needs to be a thing.
you went in on cuz Ega beat Michael Jordan
Have a great evening folks! And a fine gig, if ya got one!
arg...its in my car ...to lazy to go check...ill let u know in the morning
Listen to Adele for a good night's rest. RT : Lol, :) goodnight tweethearts.
whats so wrong with that?! Teenage men are attractive! :D
Good morning! Music always seems to help me wake up!
I did go running lol, ima ice it later
Gilmore over Kirkpatrick? No chance on Floyd?
Hey boo lol
David, you mentioned on MPU some time ago about a trick using Pastebot and 1Password. Have you posted that trick anywhere?
I've gone over to the other side - Watching ACM's, checking hashtags and Tweeting.
Great school district that serves over 70% of students that speak a language other than English at Home. Great Supt!
Migraine plus quarterly reports don't mix
I couldn't agree more... I'm counting down the months till next season!
Ad Summit Finished! BAM!
I totally understand that! You know the gym and I am ready for you when you are. We are in there Tues and Thurs night @ 7:30.
Sorry for your loss, didn't think the Rams had it in them.
And to think I didn't believe that guy when he told me his name was "Trash Can Man".
feel bad for my Mom sleeping in the room next to him lol ok not that bad!
"If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something." Franklin D. Roosevelt
Up early dabbin on this incredible Super Skunk #1 Wax. irie!!! DABliveries!!!
#soyuz has a precious cargo :) ... #Boricua on board.. LOL
Happy birthday, !
I'd confront you and ask if you're talking about me. But then again I don't care if you are.
check out my reply on Google+. Nice use of the work of !
im so tired yet, i cant fall asleep
Thanks man ( :
Prosopography, the study of relationships between people. #nfais new word for me.
Looking forward to seeing #Photoshop guru with tonight!
WHAT! Are you ok?
FOLLOW ME BACK LETS NETWORK
Thanks for the condolences and good wishes, i'm okay. -Carson
I own it. I'll bring it over to Cruse Control sometime.
howdy folks
it's pretty true though.
sundays at 1 oak are crazy. having good times with new friends is all me!
Yes! Haven't dived in yet.
Just got asked the dumbest question at work smh!!!
I like nice colors
Why is there bumper to bumper traffic at 1:40 am
mary cherry was best part of the show. never really cared about the step sisters lol
Morning Rockstars! > I failed my way to success. - Thomas Edison
#hgsaconf why not just purchase a French Bible?
Ugh my sleeping schedule has been so messed up over spring break.
must confess, I bought it in October. Hehe
bathroom stalker...
And if you haven't seen it already, highly recommend Jalen Rose on Bill Simmons' podcast.
retweets help you reincarnate at a higher level in your next dharma cycle so you're pretty much going to be a boss
I know yesterday was the unofficial last day of summer, but I wasn't expecting fall to happen so quickly.
Oh , So NOW YOu Want Me too Call Youu Back . Ummpt , Ima See Bout It (;
MT : "Take 'when you grow up' out of the question: 'What do you want to do when you grow up.'"
#midem Did anyone on the #copyright panel actually argue for extending terms post-Golan?
Looking fairly likely somewhere closeby you and us in WI
When you're so distracted by texting that you accidentally try to swipe your debit card through the subway turnstile.
the documentary is being shown with the hope it will strengthen muslim-jewish relations. check out the film for yourself at
#Japan are level!
Hi B-Fresh! Gosh I miss all of you,it has been almost a year exactly since I discovered #pubwrite. Drama you say?
awehh thank u!(: If I do I'm gonna put all of u in my suite case and bring u with me<3
Nothing I can't stand more than a gold digger...Onto The Next One
wow! Maybe they'll be fine with what they have
Looking for an #expat position / #job in #Singapore in #retail or #marketing I am #fluent in #Vietnamese and able to
I don't where a tie but they say I live a boss life
Thank you so much for your blog posting! #weheartyou,
Why did I want to hang out with Kanye West so bad tonight? Goddamn you Charles Shaw.
#ICantLiveWithout real niggas in my circle....
Sandless sandbags are for flood control,water diversion,leaks or spills. Protect critical infrastructure,home or business during floods
Follow back???
RT : Giroux impressed me as much as anyone else, but before we anoint him he best in the game, let's see him win a Cup ring.
This child is a survivor!
They will be at will call. Enjoy the show and snap as many photos and tweets as you want during. Thanks!
So will people be locked into networks by address? How will this work for taxes? It sounds like this plan will exacerbate issues
Missing the crew.
Hey! We just relocated our office to Northwest #PDX. Any recommendations on food around here?
RT : QUESTION: Have you ever considered sponsoring a child through Compassion? Do you have any questions about the process?
Wearing white jeans garners so many more "good night miss"s
are you taking turcottes class again next fall? What other courses?
can't wait to start playing Wall Street Survivor w/ some friends!...excited to be beginning the journey of becoming truly market savvy
whats that mean?
Oh nah, this man on strange addictions is addicted to having sex with his car 😳
We got lip singers on caso cerrado
When Filipinos run out of patis D; I can't live any longer...
I didn't stop talkin to u...why u gon lie like that...shame on u
one of those days where I just watch the You Go, Glen Coco! scene from #Mean Girls over and over again.
i'm serious bitch! even moving my hand hurts! ugh!
can you please tweet my name you never do it to me
You think Mayweather is going to win?
oh snap! No idea there was more than one... I'm following a chick who knows the way... Hopefully.
I always thought Chris Birdman was lil suspect he looked like a old drunk anyway.
if it had a catch phrase it would be called that haha 😉
Love to hear Franklin's words. Don't be shy. Keep it up.
I want some food.
Thank you for NOT showing the #Gophers during the reception at #mnclassics last night.
my favorite Christmas movie... #You'llShootYourEyeOut!
yea sure why not
Hate when you get your hopes up high and then they get crushed down #petpeeve?
ray i luv u sosososososososososo much; From Your Biggest Fan Jayd
Type of people i don't like, example: hoe: I hate hoes they need to keep their legs closed (coming from the biggest hoe in the world)
day #2 no coffee -- so far, so good. i just want something warm to drink, though... also, this is day #5 of no meat...don't miss it yet.
Coffee never sleeps!
Glad i was never a boyscout
don't worry little grasshopper I'll teach you everything you need to know in Spanish tomorrow!
Father's Day is Sunday, June 19. Great gift selections from J. S Edwards! Free gift wrapping!
There should be some sort of law against wearing a tie on St. Patrick's Day.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mamma cats out there!
Success is a game. The more you play the more you win. The more you win the more successfully you can play the game!!!
You know your Austin coffeeshops. Hehehe.
just curious if we get to see Vital Sign on April 6 in Texas?
There's a lookalike at the #m83 show.
It's the latest in a series of economic development wins for the Metro East, which has about $5 billion worth of construction under way on new commercial and industrial real estate projects, according to a report issued last week by the Leadership Council of Southwestern Illinois.
Busch, which is enjoying a double-digit attendance increase this year thanks to its new $40-millon Cheetah Hunt ride, is pouring about $3-million into the new ice show in the park's 1,000 seat theater which is equipped to simulate rainstorms and snow.
$29.98, Anchor Bay
The Farrells insisted that the workers take second jobs at fast food restaurants to generate fatter paychecks, which the workers then signed over to the motel owners to pay off their escalating debts. The couple also insisted that the workers not talk to other people in town, speak with their American co-workers or go anywhere without their permission.
Dee Luo, 16, was also one of those who took the test at Clayton.
"I've never played the outfield, but I probably would do that myself," Lowe said after Hunter lost a routine fly ball in the sun, allowing Cleveland to go ahead 2-0 in the fifth inning.
Many experts agree that police departments should do more to encourage officers to seek yearly mental health counseling.
But what do experienced courtroom judges think of their TV counterparts?
"I would never say somebody's untouchable, but we do have some pieces — I think you know who they are — that are very, very, very, very close to untouchable."
Brickowski said he's studied the parallels between retired athletes and retired military personnel. "I had a high-ranking military officer tell me, 'The higher the ranking, the more difficult the transition.' And that's the same with professional basketball. As soon as you retire, no one could care less about you."
The captive women are clothed in nightgowns and served warm milk and given opportunities to read books and watch movies explaining both sides of the abortion debate. Among the films is Del Vecchio's own 2009 feature, O.B.A.M. Nude, a satire of the Obama presidency.
The normal route for a Mediterranean Shipping Co. vessel couldn't be used because the ship is too wide for the Long Beach port's back channel, Jacobsen said, and too tall to fit under the aging Gerald Desmond Bridge, which is due to be replaced.
The Litchfield Park aquarium, which opened in late 2008, took four years to build. The attraction features 180,000 gallons of exhibits and was Arizona's first stand-alone aquarium. Its 80 exhibits include zebra sharks and black-footed penguins. -- The Arizona Republic ________________________________________________________________________
Over the years, Camp remodeled and made improvements to the 4,700-square-foot home. He transformed a second-floor attic space into a large, light-filled master suite, including a bathroom with whirlpool tub and shower. A new three-car garage also houses an artist's studio where he paints.
Questions were raised about Crawford starting in Game 5 after he allowed allowing soft game-winning goals in Games 3 and 4. But Quenneville said that Crawford is "absolutely" their guy.
2011: 19 tackles, 5 TFL, 1.5 sacks.
Previous uses of gene therapy in experiments have suggested that leukemia caused by the viruses that transfer the genes to the cells might be a risk. The finding allays that concern, enabling researchers to move beyond immediately life-threatening illnesses, such as HIV and cancer, said Bruce Levine, a study author and researcher at the University of Pennsylvania.
"It's a lot about making and where that comes from and how does an art object have some sort of life beyond a jpeg? How does it actually live in the world?" says the artist, who also holds down a day job as the chief preparator at the Contemporary Jewish Museum. "I was trying to make something that sort of suggests a longer life for an object itself."
So, it can get crazier. I say John Elway, John Fox and Mike McCoy sit down in the same room and, you know, discuss.
NYSE Euronext
The two jurors interviewed after the verdict said there was no disagreement about what took place inside the Oakhollow Drive apartment in North Highlands where Perry killed Allen. But they said the jurors needed to let each other work through the elements of the case individually before reaching a consensus.
Noon-5 p.m. Wednesday-Friday, until 5:30 p.m. weekends. 334-A Ingalls St., Santa Cruz. (831) 426-6209. santacruzmountainvineyard.com.
Back in Chicago, Beth Perez was aware of the couple's domestic problems and grew concerned for Arcelia's safety when Jorge did not show up for work, a police report said. On Dec. 29, according to Perez, she called Jorge's brother Miguel and urged him to file a missing person report.
Giant Eagle declined to provide a reason for removing its scent systems or allow us to talk to store managers who tested them about results.
Will Shannon 12 Lake Oswego DNS Kevin Washington 11 Skyview DNS Sterling Akles 11 La Salle DNS Boys 200 Meters Prelims ====================================================================== Athlete Yr Team Time ======================================================================
"This is the worst recession/recovery cycle of the last 100 years," said Michael Saunders, an economist at Citigroup.
“Venture capitalists remained cautious during the first quarter after a lackluster fourth quarter in the public markets, as evidenced by the shift from investing in earlier stage companies to a focus on later stage companies” in the first quarter, said Tracy Lefteroff, global managing partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers, which compiled the report for the NVCA.
Lumet's basic problem was that he thought the upper rack was mainly for cups and glasses and that the lower rack was for plates and bowls. Fosse's revelation was that you can also place any shallow, bowl-like item in the upper rack, thereby creating more vertical space in the lower racks for plates, platters and so on to be washed on their sides.
øIt's a seminal moment in sports drifting further away from comprehension.
Evans did not return an e-mail. Perdue is abroad and top staff at the tollway authority were at a conference out of town. State Transportation Board Chairman Rudy Bowen did not return calls.
Now under Kramp's leadership, the chain has reduced its menu by
Juvenile Hall, 2801 Meadow Lark Drive
The system includes the Olloclip itself, a plastic device that snaps securely onto the upper left corner of your iPhone. The clip contains an integrated fisheye lens facing one way and macro lens facing the other, with a wide-angle lens that screws into the macro lens when you need it. The system also comes with two lens caps and a tiny microfiber bag for storage and lens cleaning.
Keavy, a native of Huntsville, Ala., graduated from Parks College of Engineering, Aviation and Technology last year with a degree in aerospace engineering. She earned her commercial pilot's license and was employed by Highland Aerosports in Ridgely.
— Gary
"Once we got out here and kind of bounced around a bit, I think the guys got some energy," he said. "And I think this was outstanding. It was a good practice — you know, too many drops, horrible coming out, there are certain things that are going to happen, but those are all teachable moments."
The signs read, "CWA Local 1033 Workers, Fighting for Health Care Plus Retirement $ecurity." The bands are attached with an elastic strip and were spotted on workers in Trenton today dressed in business attire.
"I assure you the costs of passing some of the bills that were before the committee would have cost far more," he said.
5. Leek leaves make a creative and flavorful alternative to cloth. Use the wide ends of two unblemished leek leaves to encircle the herbs; tie firmly with two cooking strings.
The victim was shot in the leg and is expected to survive, police said.
Now another big difference is Gov. Bush is proposing to open up our, some of our most precious environmental treasures, like the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, to the big oil companies to go in and start producing oil there. I think that is the wrong choice. It would only give us a few months' worth of oil and the oil wouldn't start flowing for many years into the future. And I don't think it's a fair price to pay to destroy precious parts of America's environment.
Under the amendment, Pearce would still have to apply to the Legislature for the money. Because the session is expected to end today, he would likely have to apply next year -- or try to push for a special session. The amendment gives a two-year window to seek reimbursement and is retroactive to November 2011.
MCM Electronics
Another reason offered: Giving the public proper notice of all meetings is not feasible.
The Predators tried to rally, turning up the pressure.
øThe ruling by New York's trial court, the Supreme Court, was decisive and "finally removes lingering headline risk," Standard & Poor's equity analyst Tuna Amobi said in a research note. He has a "buy" rating on the shares.
Gocha and freshman J.D. Haley were hospitalized after the fight with serious injuries.
Liz's jewels speak to buyers
More than half of the right ear was retrieved and preserved in saline and on ice, allowing emergency room doctors to reattach it, the court documents added.
'I'd Love to Be Your Last' -- Gretchen Wilson
Nussbaum is about to take over the huge role of Sigmund Freud in "Freud's Last Session," a casting change that will get me back to the Mercury Theater to see what this man can do. He is not a star. Except in Chicago.
One special investigator, former Georgia Attorney General Michael Bowers, said he has long expected that test scores have been artificially inflated around the country.
By day, Collins, 37, is a computer guy, working out of his home for a California software company. One day a week, he packs an overnight bag and spends a 24-hour shift at the Overland Park Fire Department's Station Two. But he can also respond to calls at any time during his off-duty hours.
Noon Daytona 500 WJW
WASHINGTON, D.C. - The result of Wednesday's House of Representatives debate was never in doubt. Nobody expected Congress would approve Rep. Dennis Kucinich's resolution ordering President Obama to withdraw U.S. troops from Afghanistan by year's end.
Apple Inc. released a new mini on Tuesday, and it's the biggest redesign of the product since it was launched in 2005. It adds some much-needed features and a less-than-necessary, but very appealing, design flourish.
103 Lea Meadows Dr, $176,000
Citigroup Inc.'s shares were also down 5.1 percent after the Treasury Department said it plans to sell up to 1.5 billion shares of Citigroup stock, its latest move to unwind the support it provided big banks during the financial crisis. Citi shares closed off 25 cents at $4.61.
In the lottery of life, we are born into different places not by our own choice and we each have to find our own way to freedom  from artist to poet to dissident to solitary walker. And those journeys make fine holiday reading.
Stressing the park further is recent acknowledgement by officials that the hazards of boulders sloughing off the granite icons along the valley's edge are a threat to public safety.
1:15 p.m.: Browse the north side of Donner Pass Road, stopping at any storefront that entices. Don't think a closed front door means a closed shop: Often, it means air conditioning. So do open the door to the unusual home goods and women's clothing at the Niche (10164), the lanterns and candles at Ambiance (10156), the men's and women's clothing at Cabona's (10100), and the fancy lingerie and potions at the Pharmacy (10072).
He also said because neighboring states don't have late fees some Coloradans are registering their vehicles across the state line.
Priola said he talked to Steadman about the difficulty of Republicans in a primary supporting the bill.
And the Marshals Service's main database on past threats omitted about 5,000 logged after 1996, the report said.
Answer: I think the significant part about what Secretary Gates has put on the table and what we have executed is not necessarily a cut of the defense budget but rather taking a look at our budget and then challenging the services to reinvest or realign. I welcome that. And for the Navy it's important because we're heavily involved ashore in the Middle East, in Iraq, Afghanistan. We have 14,500 sailors ashore, more than the about 10,000 we have at sea. Many of those sailors ashore come from San Diego and commands around San Diego. That's about the same amount of sailors that we have committed to the fight as the Marine Corps has committed to the fight. That said, we still believe that because of our global interests, the Western Pacific and the Indian Ocean/Arabian Gulf region require continued attention and continued presence and that we in the Navy are the force that best provides that presence and that attention. And we've stayed true to that even as we're dealing with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. And what we have been able to do is to take that opportunity for realignment and reinvestment and address some of the structure issues and capability issues that allow us to, I think, better provide that presence and better provide the nation with options in those important parts of the world.
What about downtown?
The deftest way to change a subject is to simply hold up a virtual mirror: You say, "Enough about me. Tell me what you're doing these days?"
A Licensed Tax Consultant in Oregon who isn't an enrolled agent, a CPA or an attorney can represent a taxpayer during an Internal Revenue Service examination if the consultant signed the return in question. Federal regulations prohibit LTCs from representing taxpayers before IRS appeals and revenue officers.
"We'd like to come in and win Game 1 and see how they react," captain Joe Thornton said.
No more. Today, Sen. Clinton is rapidly becoming not merely acceptable to many right-wingers but possibly even their candidate of choice.
Tara Pierce, a habilitation supervisor, regularly runs half marathons but says she feels sharper now that she has a standing desk. "I'm not as tired, and I feel like I'm more efficient," she says.
The measure, House Bill 2191, passed the House and Senate with unanimous support during the 60-day session. Rep. Paul Harris, R-Vancouver, signed on as a cosponsor.
No zoning approval meant no circus in Mansfield. Piccadilly decided instead to move the show to the New Egypt Speedway on the same dates.
Chef's Move to School Chef Paul Carter took a break of the busy holiday weekend at The Phoenician in Scottsdale to show us how to grill a healthy meal that the entire family will love.
who will be succeed by Bank of Italy head Draghi at the end of the month, leaves office with his typical stance -- as a strict inflation fighter. Under his tenure the ECB resisted widespread calls to lower rates in 2004 and to not increase them in 2005, calls it ignored.
"It's very likely that gas prices in 10 years will be lower than they are now," said Ken Zimmerman, an analyst with the Oregon Public Utility Commission. "The production potential in some of these shale play is enormous."
"Everything is so dry already that even without the sun warming up we probably have enough wind blowing to compensate for the lack of sun," said Steve Maurer, assistant fire warden with the New Jersey Forest Fire Service. "It's certainly a fire day. If the sun was out, things would be even worse."
The situation is eerily similar to what happened to Williams at Kansas in 1997. The Jayhawks brought a 34-1 record into the Sweet 16, but were handicapped by a wrist injury to shooting guard Jerod Haase and lost to Arizona.
Smart said he hopes to use games to close the season against playoff contenders like the Clippers to give the Kings a does of what playoff intensity might feel like.
"I think we're about as full-time as we can get," said Mark Steinkerchner, an 18-year NFL official who lives in Bath and runs a family-owned rubber company in Wadsworth.
* Once again, props go to the video production team, as they put together a nice package on Lesnar, who declared himself as an "ass kicker," not a superstar. I like the direction Lesnar's character is headed, being back to destroy people and "bring the pain" rather than worry about being a sports entertainer.
Weaver said that the activities Shotwell was targeted for were not unlike those at the estimated 24 other medical marijuana dispensaries in Vallejo.
One night a few months ago, we had a cold brew from the personal stock he regularly has shipped west and just shot the breeze for an hour. To him, I was just some guy who showed up at an American Cancer Society "Casino Night," and he was making me feel welcome in his home. The fact I won't print his name tells you something about his desire for publicity.
The AFL-CIO directed questions to Margot Veranes, an Arizona-based researcher for the Building Justice Campaign, a push by various labor groups, including the AFL-CIO, to overhaul pay practices in the building trades.
“Clearly, we're seeing some moderation in the economy,” Culp said. “We all read the headlines. It certainly is prudent at any time in the (business) cycle. But I think our view is, particularly so right now given the uncertainties around 2012, better to be prepared and ready for what may come than to postpone what we think is a very prudent action here.”
The Griffins moved to Antelope last year from Southern California, and Spencer transferred to American River College from community colleges he had attended in Glendale and Pasadena.
96hours.
And he understands that, if the feud between Lansing and Detroit goes on for much longer, he could lose his largest city.
Among other problems, said Jim Hertel, a managing partner at food retail consulting firm Willard Bishop, is that the company rolled out Fresh & Easy stores so quickly that it didn't give itself leeway to gain its bearings in a new market.
There was the sister who offered to serve as future sounding board - as a kind of expert on women's issues - and who recommended that should I write about this matter ever again, I check with her first.
Cosgrove believes the Clinic's model will continue to carry it through what will undoubtedly be one of its most difficult periods of change, and it will likely shape the national health care agenda as well.
Defensive coordinator Perry Fewell and his staff. The Giants played exclusively in the nickel Sunday. They switched up the personnel a bit to freshen it up, but they had five DBs on the field for every single play except one, by my count. The loss of middle LB Jonathan Goff has forced Fewell to play mostly nickel this season. But to do it exclusively and to play so well on defense against the Pats for much of the game is a credit to the scheme, the coaches and the players.
Becky Mink arrives at the Country Store cradling 6-week-old Cecilia with one arm. With the other hand she grabs a few of the new sammiches from the freezer. She pays for them at the register and then leads Clara, 2, and Gus, 5, to the porch steps outside to eat their treat.
MORRISTOWN — A 12-year-old girl testified this morning that she saw her father “on top” of her mother in a bathtub in their Morristown home, “trying to grab her hands from her and scratching her” on the day he is accused of drowning her.
A study going on in Scottsdale suggests that the city's daytime population, bolstered by tourists, shoppers and workers, could help account for its larger-than-average workforce.
That has many wondering why Fried would hamper his own campaign in what is setting up to be a competitive race in the newly redrawn 14th Legislative District.
"The intelligence value gathered from somebody who was on the inside and familiar with the kinds of plots that were being planned in 2001 and 2002 — that's critically important information," Greenberger said.
A key addition to the defense has been 6-7 freshman Kevin Udo, who is originally from Nigeria and lives in West Orange. Udo became eligible for the second semester and has 53 blocks in 24 games, mostly off the bench. Steve Henderson, a freshman from West Orange, has hit 57 3-pointers as a reserve, sinking 43 percent of his shots from beyond the arc.
20. Polynesian Putter: It looks a little rundown now, but the tiki god head that resembles an Easter Island monolith still commands attention. As does the serpentine sculpture. (Anaconda? Maybe; it's hard to tell.) 4999 Gulf Blvd., St. Pete Beach
It's unclear yet how the mishandled evidence will affect pending civil and criminal cases against Bisard.
This won’t end well for a continent already in deep denial about the meltdown that awaits it.
In his new position, Quicksilver will oversee Charter's legal, government affairs, human resources and advertising sales teams. He comes to the company from the Washington, D.C., office of Patton Boggs, a leading public policy law firm where Quicksilver is a partner in the technology-communications and business groups.
Trading has been light during the holiday-shortened week. Markets were closed in the U.S. on Monday for the July 4th holiday. Many investors are looking ahead to Friday's employment report. Economists expect that the unemployment rate was 9.1 percent in June, unchanged from the month before.
Support for gay marriage is highest among Democrats, with 64 percent supportive of the issue. Just over half of independents—54 percent—back legalized gay marriage, according to the Post/ABC poll. Support among Republicans is the lowest, at 39 percent.
"I beg to differ that there has been any other sportsman that has dominated his sport for 20 years," said Peter "PT" Townend, surfing's first World Champion who was told he was too old to compete and should quit at 27.
"Guilty, your honor," she answered when asked how she pleaded to a charge of conspiracy to commit bribery.
For Lynn, the lockdown extended a run in which he has allowed only 10 hits and three earned runs in 19 innings. Friday's 84-pitch outing accounted for most of the Pirates' frustration on a night when they never took an at-bat with a runner in scoring position. Lynn insists he doesn't know his numbers - a 1.42 ERA and nearly twice as many strikeouts (17) as hits allowed. He does know that a more aggressive pitching style serves him better than the nibbler's style he attempted in two starts last season.
"It's really like police knocking on the door to your house, asking, 'Can I check what's going on?' "
It's too early to panic, but it's not too early to be concerned, especially with the Orioles forced to open the Tampa Bay Rays series on Friday with journeyman left-hander Dana Eveland and both Arrieta and Brian Matusz needing to bounce back from tough outings in the remaining two games against the team that currently is the Orioles' top division rival.
day."
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is a case about brutality and cruelty,'' Hestrin told the jury in his opening statement.
Anyway, as I'm driving Saturday, I'm thinking how ironic it is that my first trip up here was to visit a blind man, and now I was going to see a blind judo competition. In the Whittier Christian High School gym I find Carlos and the third-annual Friendship Games. The tournament is run by Donnand Julie Hearn, who own the Akida Martial Arts Academy in Buena Park. It was Carlos who four years ago saw a blind girl aggressively playing some schoolyard game and told Donn he should get her into his classes. The girl was Danyelle Cerillo, now a sophomore at Sunny Hills High, and she is in the tourney. I ask her about competing against sighted kids.
DETROIT -- For eight months in 2006, Elaine Bannon and her husband, Chuck Bannon -- both Ford engineers -- kept a secret at work.
Heimuli is making things interesting for Karrington Armstrong and Hroniss Grasu, the two players vying for the starting center spot. Heimuli has manned the middle of the defensive line with the first unit, along with Taylor Hart at tackle and ends Brandon Hanna and Dion Jordan. (Defensive end Terrell Turner will miss the entire spring, coach Chip Kelly said, with a leg injury.)
Season recap: The versatile Todd set a state record in the triple jump at 41 feet, 5 inches at the Chandler Rotary Invitational. She then ran 11.73 seconds to win the 100 meters at the meet, but crossed the finish line hobbling with a slight hamstring pull. She shut it down for a while, but came on strong at season's end, despite not being 100 percent recovered. She won the long jump, triple jump and anchored Chandler's winning 4x100 relay at the Division I championships at Mesa Community College. She topped her 19-6� long jump at state the following week with a leap of 19-8� at the Meet of Champions.
A 99 cents iTunes song or iPhone app, for instance, would jump to about $1.05, after the 6 percent sales tax is added. But some worry that a broader range of products and services could end up being taxed than originally intended, based on the bill's language.
What Causes The Pain?
credit-card debt at $690 billion, and total student-loan debt at $550 billion," Salmon rightly pointed out. "It is not true that Americans now owe more on student loans than on credit cards, and total student-loan debt isn’t even close to $1 trillion."
The earlier letter authored by Rep. Tim Ryan of Niles and signed by the rest of Ohio's House of Representatives Democrats contended that the state was using tax dollars to "advance a privatization plan that could potentially severely cost drivers via increased tolls, threaten the job security of over 1,000 Ohioans, and drive up the costs for local governments through increased maintenance costs of local roads."
This would make it more difficult for foreign countries to cut production to force up prices. The potentially unreliable countries of North Africa and the Persian Gulf, Venezuela and Nigeria supply a combined total of 5 million barrels a day -- about a quarter of U.S. consumption. That is the amount we ought to replace with an increase in our own domestic production.
Nobody taught him the ropes. He learned how to maneuver the sails and navigate the ocean on his own starting with an 8-foot boat on a Hungarian lake, he said.
Usama Young will start at strong safety for Ward. Alex Smith probably will replace Marecic as the fullback. Also available is Eddie Williams, who was promoted this week from the practice squad.
In John Paul's native Poland, tens of thousands of people gathered in rain in a major sanctuary in Krakow and in Wadowice, where the pontiff was born in 1920 as Karol Wojtyla. Prime Minister Donald Tusk and his wife Malgorzata watched the ceremony together with Wadowice residents.
SUPPORTING ACTRESS - COMEDY
Jacquemain returns to Akron, but after a few weeks he returns home, telling his parents he needs help. Campbell is back at Akron taking classes.
Go to some elementary schools and tell the kids that what you did was inexcusable. They look up to you; they’re watching you. Why should they respect referees after seeing what you did?
One northbound and southbound lane of Intersate 5 near milepost 250 is now open following an earlier grass fire that closed all lanes, ODOT officials say.
Goalkeeper saves--Portland, Cronin 3; Seattle, Keller 6. Shots--Portland 18, Seattle 12. Corner kicks--Portland 4, Seattle 5. Fouls--Portland 11, Seattle 12. Yellow cards-- Portland, Suzuki 23rd, Thompson 40th. Seattle, Riley 23rd, Graham 43rd, Nyassi 58th, Graham 101. Red cards--Seattle, Graham 101. Referee--Ronald Lagraff. Linesmen--Jeremy Hanson, Desmond Miller. A--15,422.
Thursday, however, the Indians could only manage two runs and four hits in five innings against Mendoza.
The defenders say they have worked for five years with the Bar Association, Legislature and Missouri Supreme Court. "This isn't out of the blue," Kelly said.
When cops caught up to Sabourin, she told them Alec was her lover and she just wanted to produce a baby Baldwin.
That's gotta hurt.
With less than two minutes to go in the fourth quarter and the Trail Blazers leading 87-80, it looked like there would be more misfortune for the Los Angeles Lakers in Portland on Wednesday night.
"I'd like to be ambassador to Ann Arbor," Weiser told me from his office at McKinley Properties, which is adorned with pictures of Colin Powell, President Gerald Ford, George W. Bush as well as U-M royalty like the late Bo Schembechler.
Kyle Stanley, a native of Gig Harbor, Wash., is the second PGA Tour player to join the field of the best-ball event, which will be played Aug. 27-28 at The Reserve Vineyards and Golf Club in Aloha.
I guess Sen. James Inhofe is right about the EPA after all. – Gary Guodace, San Diego
At the same time, she said, "it's important that we respect the role that the COGCC plays in regulating the work we do."
HOUSTON - Overlooked again, Case Keenum will start his NFL career close to where he proved his skeptics wrong in college.
"That's a goal," Lucas said. "I don't think Oakville as a program has ever had 30 wins."
We've been very efficient offensively, defensively and special teams-wise."
It’s not clear why older people reported fewer sleep disturbances and tiredness, the authors said. It could be that older people have more control over sleep duration while younger people experience more stressors (jobs, kids, socializing) that interfere with sleep. It’s also possible that older people are just more accepting of sleep quality and don’t complain about it as much.
Andre DeYoung, owner of new YoChoice Self-Serve Frozen Yogurt, said his business is about as local as it gets.
On Jan. 9, Manchester, N.H.-based FIRST announced specifications for this year's robot. Teams had six weeks to design and fabricate it, spending no more than $3,000. Once done, robots nationwide were packed and sent to a FIRST warehouse, not to be touched until a competition in March.
A draft settlement between the banks and U.S. states has been sent to state officials for review.
Our dear friend, former Gov. Ted Strickland, who never met a gun he didn't love, was poised to sign the bill into law last December. Had Budish not defied his governor, gun-toting patrons would already be congregating in family restaurants all over Ohio.
Since the last entry, I have not worked out much because of a back injury suffered a couple of weeks ago. When I have worked out, it has been more of a walk-through.
The Dolores Olmedo Museum has 150 Rivera works, including masterful paintings he did in Europe and Russia. The National Anthropology Museum has stunning ancient art of the Americas. Here in the city, you can see Rivera's studio, his paintbrushes, his first mural, and his wife Frida Kahlo's house. You also can see the work of other muralists who put Mexico on the art map.
In choosing what's on tap for the 2012 New Ground Theatre Festival, Bloom and his team have capitalized on the fizzy energy you can just feel when walking into any one of the newly minted theaters. You can smell it in the air like freshly applied paint.
"Its revenue projections assume that every new product introduction will be a hit," Trzcinka says. "This is especially worrisome given Apple's short product cycle."
The rabbi deposited Dwek’s checks into the accounts of his charity organizations. Then, authorities say, the rabbi wired the money to his contact in Israel. He took 1.5 percent and wired the rest to accomplices in New York who delivered it to Ben Haim and Dwek, authorities said.
Beck, dressed in a blue checkered shirt and jeans, peppered his speech with a characteristic mix of humor and emotional entreaty, to the delight of an adoring crowd of Tea Party members.
• San Diego State University is honoring Earth Day with events from Sunday through April 27. They include an Earth Day 5K, kid's fun run and a "diaper dash" in which families can raise money for the SDSU Children's Center. Other events include an enviro-fashion show, a green business fair and a keynote address by "No Impact Man" Colin Beavan. For details, go to as.sdsu.edu/greenfest.
Born in 1935 in Akron, Ohio, and an undergraduate at Kent State University, Oglesby was years older than Gitlin and other '60s student radicals he befriended and was living a much straighter life at the time he met them. He was married, with three children, and was working for a defense contractor. But while studying part time at the University of Michigan, in Ann Arbor, he was so disgusted by the Vietnam War and so taken with the then-emerging Students for a Democratic Society , and the society with him, that he soon became its president and most memorable orator.
Cover with foil and cook until the sweet potatoes are tender, 45-50 minutes. Place the pecans on a separate pan and roast until fragrant, 8-10 minutes. Cool slightly, then roughly chop.
Alan Henderson, president of the Farm and Horse Show, referred inquiries about the future of the show to attorney Larry Supp, who handled the court case, which was briefly before a judge before the settlement was reached. Supp said at this point he had no specifics, answering only, "our intention is to keep it going."
Some Israelis also have struck an optimistic new tone. Ehud Barak, the Israeli defense minister said this week that he believes a deal is possible, and said he could foresee a solution to perhaps the most emotional issue of the talks — the division of Jerusalem.
muscles and continuous motion. Activities can include walking, biking, light jogging, swimming and dancing. Typically, cardiovascular exercise should aim to keep your heart rate within a targeted range specific to you. Make short-term goals for yourself to gradually increase your workout by five minutes each session until you reach the desired time.
On Friday night she was sitting in her living room, looking out at the backyard when what she assumes was a tornado swooped onto her property. "The whole area lit up - it was like a ball of fire," she said.
Role: The Blazers signed Oberto on Monday as insurance for their injury-depleted front line. He will be asked to provide rebounding, defense and veteran savvy while the Blazers wait for Joel Przybilla and Greg Oden to return from separate knee injuries.
What's so great about the tiny orbs?
After Brian McConnell finally finished redesigning his backyard in Twin Peaks, he didn't want the standard barbecue setup. "I wanted to have a grill that looked like part of the garden and that was not immediately recognizable as a grill," McConnell, an entrepreneur, said.
Especially neighborhoods in north St. Louis, where greater population losses have left some blocks nearly empty. The 2010 census showed that some north city neighborhoods lost more than 20 percent of their population in a decade, as against the city's overall population drop of 8 percent.
Drivetrain: 148-horsepower, 2.0-liter boxer engine and a five-speed manual or continuously variable automatic transmission
Akron def. Dayspring Christian, 3-1
The company had already been adding more small packages at the end of the month to appeal to budget-constrained shoppers and now plans to push smaller packages even more.
88 King Street #918, $1,120,000, 03-23-12, 1,090 SF, 2 BR
It's billed as "Music's Biggest Night." Far be it from the Black Keys to take the Grammy Awards too seriously, though. Ask a silly question about what these Akron-bred, back-to-basics rockers are wearing to the ceremony, and you'll promptly get a couple of silly answers.
Tony's take: Mike Shanahan should have stayed retired. Patriots, 30-20.
The roasted-malt character of this almost-black schwarzbier displays itself with a cocoa-powder aroma. The flavor, however, is not nearly as roasty as the color suggests. The beer's lager yeast, pilsner malt and German hops combine to create a clean-tasting beer with a crisp, dry finish. If you've been fooled by the misconception that dark equals heavy, this beer will set you straight. Available on draft at the brewery and several bars and restaurants around town. At 4.4 percent ABV, you could drink several Black Lagers on St. Patrick's Day.
“It’s an addiction,” Laura Bidwell, a graphic designer and video artist, said of the couple’s collection.
Plans call for Paulino to throw a bullpen workout prior to today’s series finale against Detroit at Comerica Park. That will allow the club’s on-field staff a first-hand opportunity to gauge his recovery from a strained right forearm.
It's important for people who are feeling suicidal to know where to turn to for help, whether it's a hot line, a friend or a hospital, she said.
These well-positioned cooks need only reach over and pick something snap-fresh from the neighboring stand. They have made the farm-to-table journey a mere hop over the backyard fence.
But at every turn, author Sparks hurls obvious melodramatic obstacles in the way, rubs the edge off even unpleasant characters and generally shows us why he'd be the worst poker player on the planet. The story telegraphs its every move, underlines every emotion and, if that's not enough, has granny add a pearl of wisdom that panders to the romance-novel audience: "Sacrificing everything in our life for our children is not selfless, it's ridiculous."
Both lanes of Route 15 in Lafayette near the Lafayette Pond were closed due to flooding and many local roads in Vernon closed due to flooding, said Katley. Floodwaters ran over several bridges in Stillwater and less than 500 residences were still without power as of 3 p.m.
Schoedel says the Village at Mackenzie Place shows how state and federal historic tax credits, now in jeopardy in Missouri, mean the difference between success or failure for a developer seeking to renovate a historic building.
He speaks for more than an hour and a half at his town hall meetings, the entire time on his feet, pacing in front of the crowd. He maintains a hectic schedule and has quickly evaded reporters, hustling down hallways and once running down two flights of stairs to avoid questions during the state’s redistricting process.
Cunningham shared the spotlight with fellow inductees Ron Caragher and David Stewart, both members of the Bellarmine class of 1985, and the 1990 track and field team.
Q: If prices do fall further, does it follow that many homeowners will feel less wealthy, and they'll reduce spending and that will slow the economy?
The continued performance of local markets will depend a lot on the economy as well as on how quickly lenders dispose of distressed homes, says Realtor.com CEO Steve Berkowitz.
Following up on a study he co-wrote in the International Journal of Health Care Finance and Economics, he wrote recently in his health-care blog that "for each additional dollar spent by the federal government (taxpayers) on the program since 2003, just $0.14 of it can be attributed to additional value (consumer surplus) to beneficiaries."
But voters were turning down school taxes in North Olmsted and Parma.
“I knew if I got the ball down and the laces out, Lawrence Tynes was going to make the kick and we were going to Indianapolis for the Super Bowl,” Weatherford said. “We did it.”
Level 5 impacts include elimination of curbside dropoff and RTD buses and parking shuttles will drop off and pick up on Level 6 east side. Taxis and shuttles will drop off in their current pickup locations.
Toews said that he's optimistic he can return for the first round and that he's hopeful the next few days will make a difference in his recovery. But it was easy to see Toews' frustration when he spoke. This has been a long, arduous process, and it has worn on him.
"If (central office staff) is looking for our stamp of approval to avoid controversy, they're not getting it from me," she said. "I don't think the notion of eliminating reading makes sense."
Viejas tribal elders and others marked this week's opening with a traditional blessing and a ribbon-cutting on Monday. The Kumeyaay band of Indians opened its first bingo facility in 1977, in the Ma Tar Awa RV Park on the East County reservation.
Winning the Kentucky Derby isn't always all it's cracked up to be.
F Jalen Chapman, Eagle Academy
In a poignant closing speech, Santorum acknowledged the unlikelihood of his insurgent campaign winning.
East meets West: West Side Republican Cuyahoga County Councilman Dave Greenspan plans to tour Democratic Councilman Pernel Jones Jr.'s East Side district, and Jones will tour Greenspan's.
øThe biggest complication that will affect many investors is that brokers aren't required to track the cost basis on investments bought many years ago. Also, if you moved from one brokerage firm to another, the firm you're leaving isn't required to forward the cost basis on the stocks to the new brokerage firm. Things can get tricky, too, if you're buying and selling the same investments in two separate brokerage accounts.
Pinkney tells stories of how he would pick young Terri Hamilton up after class and drive her to her grandmother's so her mother wouldn't have to leave. Even then, she was no-nonsense.
3544, Alice J. Laux, Flemington, 3:46:38.
"I'm not the person to sit behind a desk all day," said Stone, 56, of Savage, who was waiting with a friend to talk to a company representative. "I like talking to people. I'm outgoing."
But Rodgers says he'll instead get a $1,000 default judgment plus court costs.
Early polls show Menendez with a double digit lead over Kyrillos, who most voters are not familiar with. And while Kyrillos said he has raised "nearly $1 million…and climbing," Menendez had almost $7 million in his campaign account as of last September.
(Writing by Melissa Akin; Editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
contrast, City Garden Montessori spent less than 4 percent of its revenue that year to rent part of Tyler Place Presbyterian Church on South Spring Avenue.
It wasn’t until 30 hours after the attack that Wilson, who survived being stabbed in the arm, chest and side, was able to call 911 and give authorities the proper address. He was 9 years old at the time.
And if you, the business, do good, it's a reasonable bet that good will follow.
So here's her advice.
The Spartans NEED these freshmen if they expect a seventh Final Four in the last 14 seasons. And with another freshman, Branden Dawson, done for the season after ripping a knee ligament in the regular-season finale, more pressure and expectations fall on the other freshmen's shoulders.
“It went well,” Mack said on his way home last evening. “I thought it was great. I thought the issues allowed Trenton, us as a city, to explain how important it is to have a comprehensive public safety plan.”
Shane, who did not attend the forum, said while the administration has reduced fees and increased Small Business Administration loan limits, only about 1 percent of businesses actually get small business loans.
5 * DANCING W/STARS RESULT SP 15850 5.5
WellPoint is the second-largest health insurer after UnitedHealth Group Inc. It runs Blue Cross Blue Shield plans in 14 states, including California, New York and Ohio.
Edwards, who finished 10th, watched a replay of the start before going to talk to NASCAR. He insisted his spotter had been told by NASCAR he was restarting the race as the leader.
The menu is supported by an exciting wine list that includes selections from the Iberian Peninsula, and a few California wines using Verdelho and Albarino. However, the strength of the list is the selection of sherries; more than 30 are offered by the glass ($6-$30). Fortunately, the staff is well versed in the wines and in the finer points of service, so they add to the experience and mood.
11:40 a.m. A Human Resources manager for GE testified about Neuman's duties. He also recalled Nov. 10, when Neuman came to his office to report that Andrea Sneiderman had to leave work because her husband had been shot. He described Neuman's demeanor that day as serious. He also said Neuman had never spoken of delusions, or seemed depressed or had ever exhibited extreme mood swings at work.
Jessica Sanchez
McCafferty said the secretary noticed the tampering because correction fluid is not allowed on official documents.
"What we have here are examples of many of the water fowl in the U.S.," said Carol Klopmeyer, of the museum. Poised for flight, dozens of ducks are already on display, but Klopmeyer said there's even more in storage.
The investigators cited "an extravagant conference" hosted by Farmer that cost Kentucky taxpayers more than $96,000. They said Farmer directed his staff to order lavish gifts, including rifles, cigar boxes and watches for the conference.
But given the underdog odds of unseating an incumbent with deep loyalties in Cleveland's black political community, doubts lingered about whether Turner truly was game for the fight.
"I'm sorry, Ms. Gantt. I'm not asleep. I'm listening," he would reply, she said.
For the ambitious, headstrong Aries, appropriately defined by the Ram as your symbol and fire as your element, a refreshing cocktail like the April Showers is a good choice for you. Smirnoff's Citrus Vodka (smirnoff.com), crisp with lime and orange flavors, is the base of this delightful cocktail. Sharing in your tenacious spirit are Tom Clancy, Bob Woodward, Eddie Murphy, Hugh Hefner and Sarah Jessica Parker.
I don't even talk to my neighbors because my neighbors don't talk to me. I have never been so, I guess, dishonored. My mother who is like 78, out in the yard picking stuff and people don't talk to her. I would never walk by a person who was older than me and not pay them the respect. It's almost like we are an inconvenience, like "You were here. Yes, we know you were here. But now we're here."
If you live into your 80s or beyond, having more personal savings to work with, plus higher Social Security benefits, can be critical for maintaining a comfortable standard of living.
Lipitor patients expected a big price drop when atorvastatin came out, but experts said it didn't happen because of federal drug laws. Makers of brand-name drugs are granted a certain time without generic competition, a period Pfizer pushed to 14 years for Lipitor. After the patent expired, the first generic maker - Ranbaxy Laboratories in India - can sell for six months without competition. Ranbaxy's window closes May 31.
Jeanne Colleran, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at John Carroll University: "My grandparents are from Galway. When St. Patrick's Day falls during the week, I teach Yeats. I also make a Guinness beef stew and an Irish whiskey cake that requires an entire bottle of Powers. I am also an official Outstanding Irish Whiskey Taster. I passed the Bushmills distillery test in Northern Ireland."
That leaves do-it-yourselfers with the following questions:
Points For: 68.8 - Points Against: 61.2
Cobalt -- 24 mpg city, 33 highway for base model; 25 city, 37 highway for XFE model
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: O'Fallon Tri-County Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. April 4, Missouri Bluffs Golf Course, 18 Research Park Circle, Weldon Spring. For more information, call Joe Bourque at 636-299-6238.
Greg Schiano took one of the final two steps toward severing all ties with Rutgers today when the NFL’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers paid the school the $500,000 buyout for hiring him as their coach last month, a university official confirmed today.
Their Issue 5 alternative would have created a charter commission to study reform and recommend changes to voters in November 2010.
"I'm willing to listen to what the president has in mind for protecting Americans from tax increases," McConnell, R-Ky., said in a statement.
Over at the Hirshhorn Museum, the exhibit "Andy Warhol: Shadows" features 102 silkscreen-derived, identically sized paintings whose edge-to-edge installation makes for one very long painting extending for 450 linear feet along this museum's curving wall.
"It is a good message of assurance, and differs from the former American administration's position on this matter which showed no real understanding of Islamic countries," al-Dabbagh said. "This decision by Obama will help to reform the image Muslims have of America."
Discussions about the trip have been going on for nearly a year, Boerma said, and everybodys intent, including Dave Brandon, was for the band to go.
Eddie Murray, CLE – 109 AB to start 1996, total for season 22
"It's been great coaching this group," Anway said. "It's been a joyous four years with them. They are great student athletes and great individuals."
Tax officials barred the Australian actor from returning to his Los Angeles home for two weeks over the matter in 2010 when he returned to Sydney for his mother's funeral. Hogan's lawyers eventually secured a deal that allowed him to leave Australia.
quarter.
Donald Driver brought the sexy with an Argentine tango that was serious and sharp, while showcasing pro partner Peta Murgatroyd's lithe body in a red cut-out dress. His strength allowed her to twirl and leap and warp herself around him with ease. Carrie Ann said, "That was divine. You were so in control of Peta the whole time." Len was a little less effusive. Bruno said it was a "fantastic job." Scores: 10, 8, 9 = 27. The crowd disagreed with Len's paddle.
Jones said Thomas has had to cadge rides because his car is broken down and he doesn’t have the money to fix it.
Sunday: Sunny, with a high near 85.
"About $100 a month," Ismael says. "Maybe $1,200, $1,300 a year. Goes into the kids' college fund."
(For pregnancy and parenting advice, tools, photos, and more, visit TheBump.com.)
Hardesty, who's had six dropped passes the past two games, dropped another easy one over the middle in practice today to draw the ire of coach Pat Shurmur.
911 OPERATOR: I see. OK. And who is there to exercise the visitation?
Till next time,
The building and all construction costs are being paid for by entrepreneur and brain center founder Larry Ruvo and his Keep Memory Alive organization.
The enormity of their trip to Disneyland in April 1999 — made possible by Make-A-Wish Foundation of Greater Los Angeles — wasn't lost on them. It was the trip of a lifetime.
"We would not be able to keep up the complete leasing program without the assistance, knowledge and skills that VMC provides us," Young wrote in an email to Mark Rasmussen, the agency's employee services manager.
"Don't pinch the nose," he warns an over-eager boy sporting a Mohawk haircut.
“It’s the consistency. It’s the details. Sometimes it’s just want-to.”
Sitting on the scorers table near center court 90 minutes before Game 1, Nuggets front office executive Masai Ujiri hoped his team would take a simple approach against the Lakers: "We have nothing to lose."
The idea came to me on my third day of treatment, after I casually mentioned making blackberry cobbler for my family the night before.
63133
Cedar Fair owns 11 amusement parks and 6 water parks including Cedar Point in Sandusky, King's Island near Cincinnati and Geauga Lake Wildwater Kingdom in Aurora.
Inside one, an infant boy sleeps. In another, a pair of 1-year-olds color on yellow construction paper. In a different room, four 2-year-olds listen as their teacher reads a story.
So no one should be surprised today at the Atlantic Health Jets Training Circus if Rex Ryan plays the part of the bearded lady.
My second fascination: Derby names. Ratcliff, who skated with the Circle City Derby Girls, said hers was inspired by her career as an art director in journalism.
Higher incentives didn't shake buyers from their September slumber. Automakers spent an average of $2,557 per vehicle in the U.S., up $83 from August, according to the auto Web site Edmunds.com.
There are only four mechanical buttons on the device, all Lumia and they're all lined up on the edge of the Lumia to the right of the screen. The bad news: they're unlabeled, and they're identical. It's easy to suss that the two that are buttressed together are the volume buttons. But every time I wanted to wake the phone I'd guess incorrectly and press the camera shutter instead. This problem went away when I asked myself "Which of these four buttons happens to fall under my dominant finger when I hold it?"
"It's just been drizzling," said Arlene Jurec of Lakewood, who, along with her sister, Pat Adkins of Cleveland, endured the moisture with a body-length jacket from Niagara Falls. "The umbrella goes up, and then it goes down."
favorite hamburger from among 25 joints, we tasted burgers from the top four vote-getters: Seamus McDaniel's, O'Connell's Pub, Carl's Drive-In and Fast Eddie's Bon Air. As always, we rounded out the list with two eateries that got a lot of write-in love: Tucker's Place and Newstead Tower Public House.
The Westminster restaurant is decidedly modern: deep blue tiles climb one wall as if to draw a high-water mark; a flat-screen TV recedes elegantly into the back of the dining room. It's a clean style cultivated by the Chau family, which runs Hoang Yen with a welcoming air. The result is an open and inclusive space where uniformed electricians lunch alongside young mothers, and businessmen pop in for takeout as they pass through Little Saigon.
Lindsey broke into a car the night of Feb. 21, 2011. A neighbor called police to report a suspicious person. As Lindsey tried to get away, he was stopped by Crawford near the corner of Eighth Street and Second Avenue S.
And, finally, Kevin, 19, from Delbarton to currently Georgetown. His sport? Guess.
Technical Sgt. John Hughes of Hazel Park was doing the annual maintenance on an A10 Warthog, one of the fighter jets with 107th Fighter Squadron, 127th Wing of the Air National Guard out of Selfridge Air National Guard Base. The planes wiring and systems were mostly exposed and the body was up on man-high jacks, making it clear this job is more than giving your car an oil change.
On the first one, Lawrie raced back to the bag while the ball skidded between him and Drabek, loading the bases and bringing in reliever Jason Frasor. On the second one, Lawrie headed back to the bag again as Callaspo's bunt rolled slowly up the line for a hit that put runners at the corners and led to Kendrys Morales' RBI single.
He also said his expertise saved the county "several hundred thousand dollars" and that his skills "cannot simply be transferred to another individual by training."
What: Great Lakes Theater presents the classic Christmas ghost story by Charles Dickens, adapted by Gerald Freedman and staged by Sara Bruner.
The state Senate has passed a bill increasing the budget for elementary and secondary education by $74 per student  a total of $100 million over the next two years. That doesn't make up for the $620 in per student cuts since 2009, but it's a start.
The St. Louis plant had to close. It would die of old age. Workers had been making cars there since the onset of mass automotive production in the 1920s.
Summing up, Stein said, "Being a former president does not give one a unique privilege to invent information."
Chicago city officials started to plow many of the city's side streets Thursday, a day after they cleared main roads following the massive winter storm that dumped 20 inches on parts of the city, grounded virtually all flights, led to two rare snow days and stranded hundreds of motorists on Lake Shore Drive.
The successes Kasich boasted about were due in part to the policies of former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland and President Barack Obama, Democrats said after the speech.
VanZant was Parade Magazine's high school player of the year as a senior running back at Hazelwood Central in 1986. He drew comparisons to NFL superstars and was recruited by college football programs from coast to coach before signing with Missouri.
“Dad wanted to go because he and mom were Holocaust survivors,” says Hoffman. “He was actually at Auschwitz and mom in a displaced persons camp. Once they were released and came to this country, they were intent on keeping Jewish culture alive.”
"It's the single most important thing to me. I dropped everything else," Otis said.
The Chagrin Falls girls were fifth with 63. The Crestwood girls won the meet with 120.
Josh Taylor, a spokesman for the Downtown Cleveland Alliance, regrets the departure of a prestigious name on the city's landscape. But he points to the recent opening of Chinato on East Fourth Street and the soon-to-debut Zinc around the corner on Euclid Avenue as indications of downtown's continuing revitalization.
Well, she would like it if there were a larger variety of stores in town so she wouldn't have to drive out of town to get what she wants. She would also like a bit more development that would provide a larger tax base to help fund the city's schools.
On the Amsterdam-Brussels Thalys train, there is a slight delay midroute.
Martha and 61-year-old Jack Da Hat Luna harmonize to "Talk to Me" by Lil Willy John.
Alcoa's disabled 50,000-ton hydraulic press, key to the survival of 1,000 jobs in Cuyahoga Heights, got a boost Monday from a state council that voted to support a $3 million, low-interest loan to help repair the machine.
Currently, St. Charles city employees pay no insurance premiums or deductibles under the 2010 health plan.
First, I say to the people of New Jersey, while the economic hour is dark, there are brighter days ahead. We have the tools to win the battle for a better future. More than our forefathers did ; even more than we realize ourselves.
"We're going to help her clean up her yard," she said, walking with another friend. "We're community people. Dexter is a tight community and we believe in helping each other out."
California Sushi Making (that was an awesome one, Kev)
Which brings us to this: You can't upset anybody if you don't get invited.
"I spent 14 years in sales. I was always on the phone," said Rosemus, who left a job selling plumbing supplies. He grew up in Northeast Portland and still lives nearby.
"We have submitted the documents we believe meet the requirements regarding the state of our financing," he said. "We remain confident of our ability to buy the team from the NHL."
øThe figure was a hopeful sign, one day before the government releases the April employment report.
"I love my son," she said firmly.
Best Performance By An Actor in Leading Role in a Musical
She said that if there is a slide stocks could resume their climb because so many investors missed the rally.
While Southwestern Conference rivals Edwardsville, East St. Louis and O'Fallon each have artificial turf and renovated facilities, Collinsville won't be alone if the project doesn't go through by fall.
Pistons get quality win over Lakers
James D. Sasser is equally accomplished as Jamie, singing and moving well. Even when he frankly tells Cathy, “I won’t lose because you can’t win,” he somehow manages not to seem cruel. Sasser shows that being the person who’s doing the dumping isn’t easy either.
May 17: Singer Taj Mahal is 70. Singer-songwriter Jesse Winchester is 68. Drummer Bill Bruford of Yes and King Crimson is 63. Singer-guitarist George Johnson of The Brothers Johnson is 59. TV personality Kathleen Sullivan is 59. Actor Bill Paxton is 57. Actor-comedian Bob Saget is 56. Singer Enya is 51. Actor Craig Ferguson ("The Late Late Show," "The Drew Carey Show") is 50. Keyboardist Page McConnell of Phish is 49. Guitarist O'Dell of Mint Condition is 47. Musician Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails is 47. Actor Hill Harper ("City of Angels," "He Got Game") is 46. TV personality-interior designer Thom Filicia ("Queer Eye for the Straight Guy") is 43. Singer Jordan Knight (New Kids on the Block) is 42. Singer Darnell Van Rensalier of Shai is 42. Singer Josh Homme of Queens of the Stone Age is 39. Singer Andrea Corr of The Corrs is 38. Actor Sendhil Ramamurthy is 38. Singer Kandi Burruss (Xscape) is 36. Actress Leven Rambin ("Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles") is 22.
So is the skyscraper a dead end for architectural creativity or a wellspring of ingenuity? Is it a symbol of unfettered market economics or political muscle? A soaring beacon or a stack of anxieties? The answer in each case is that it is both. Always both.
If there is a connection between the timing of Mr. Johnson's arrest and the investigation into Mr. Nicholson, that's a real problem. Police have long focused on Mr. Johnson in the Barnes case, but they had not moved forward with an arrest, despite strong public pressure to do so. It would be terrible if, after all these months, authorities took action without having all the evidence they will eventually need.
Houston, she said, "made us feel strong and capable and loved. She’s an angel to us. And just been a beautiful human being."
Georgia Gulf Corp. is a sound business with strong prospects, and it isn’t impressed with unsolicited offers to buy the company, especially with those that may have been viewed as low-ball proposals.
Eight months later, California's governor has indeed embraced some big concepts  pension reform, renewable energy and high-speed rail, the latter seemingly ambitious in its intent and a fool's errand in its implementation.
After the loss, Anthony sounded a positive note, the New York Daily News reports.
The special is a performance documentary inspired by "Women Who Rock: Vision, Passion, Power," an exhibit that opened at the Rock Hall in May. The main focus of the documentary will be the indelible mark that women musicians have made on America's soundtrack, from Bessie Smith to Janis Joplin to Lady Gaga.
Tedeschi Trucks Band
"A headache will never be a headache again, " said Barb Hiltz, executive director of the Cancer Support Community of Greater Ann Arbor.
Neither child could walk, according to the petition, and Solomon told investigators his neck hurt. He asked for bread.
107 E JEFFERSON $134,500
Rule 504 of Regulation D of federal securities law allows companies to sell securities without having to register them with the SEC, saving the issuer time and money.
Snow, who has worked inside Everglades National Park for decades, has a tendency to look beyond the python. What if other species are released and become entrenched in the Everglades, too?
"I was saying to the team, the ball doesn't always bounce your way," Burroughs linebacker Bear Kaminer said Saturday. "Use losses like this to get better. Those guys are going to work harder because of this."
"This bill is overwhelmingly popular with residents of this state," Antenori said. "The likelihood of support for this effort based on that popularity amongst Arizonans is slim to none."
The architecture creates its own aha moment: The unassuming, narrow stairway leads to an expansive room with terra cotta tile floors, equally rustic exposed brick walls, high ceilings and dark wood. Above one of the tables, on a small shelf, sits a collection of family photos, a warm yet subtle reminder that this is a family-owned business and has been for some decades now.
Filppula had a good opportunity for the Wings when he drove to Nashville's net draped with two defenders, but Rinne was there for the save. Howard made a couple of stops during a second Nashville power play. The Predators used the momentum to take the play to the Wings, and got a lead out of it at 16:10.
"We're grateful for the support. It's a show of confidence," Ronayne said. "For people like me, we need to raise money to get our name and our message out there. Cuyahoga County is still very entrenched in the name game."
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Criticizing what it calls "Obamacare," Ohio Gov. John Kasich's administration raised the possibility for the first time Friday that it could refuse to create a health insurance marketplace, the centerpiece of the federal Affordable Care Act.
Heat a wok or a large, deep skillet over medium-high until very hot. Add the oil and swirl to coat the pan. Add the ginger and garlic. Cook for about 1 minute, tossing once, until fragrant but not browned.
The vote came after Democrats grilled Kwon about the legal problems of his family’s business and accused Christie of trying to stack the court with Republicans.
For the horseradish cream: Combine ingredients in a small bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
Incensed that she might not be able to vote in November and concerned that others might not know about the law's requirements, Block called the ACLU.
He answered all the questions openly and just expansively enough, smiling and still smiling even as wave after wave of reporters came, asking the same five basic questions.
“I wish these guys the best,” Pelfrey said. “Hopefully, they win a lot of games. I’m going to miss them.”
He knows the team well, too. He grew up watching the Raiders and attended several games. Now he'll get a chance to play for them and maybe even beat up on his best friend, Devon Wylie, a receiver from Fresno State. After growing up together and playing together at Granite Bay High, both were picked in the fourth round Saturday. Wylie was selected by the Kansas City Chiefs, a division rival of the Raiders.
GM has already announced that it would end production of the Pontiac Solstice roadster in July and the Pontiac G6 midsize car in September.
Lt. Eric Shuhandler is the second Gilbert police officer to die in the line of duty.
Kyrillos immediately replied on his Twitter page: "We need 2 streamline permit approval process. (Obama plan would delay permits until 2017)."
Hence, the old proverb: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. How many times does one have to be fooled to say, "Shame on Sacramento"?
Are Clevelanders too down on Cleveland?
Many of these people haven't lost their jobs and aren't behind on their mortgage payments, so they don't qualify for a loan modification that could shave off big chunks from their monthly housing payments.
Those with an Anxious attachment style, about 20% of the population, often worry about their relationship and whether their partner loves them, says Dr. Levine, co-author of the book "Attached: The New Science of Adult Attachment and How It Can Help You Find—and Keep—Love." They typically are emotionally giving. Those with an Avoidant attachment style, about 25% of the population, tend to think intimacy leads to loss of autonomy and try to minimize closeness, he says.
“He’s a young big who has length, who’s active,” Blazers coach Nate McMillan said. “We think he has a pretty good future. He’s a guy that we’ve liked the last year or so and have tried to tie him up.”
Their numbers, choreographed by Anthony Van Laast (“Mamma Mia!”), could be habit-forming.
Oquendo's first coaching job with the Cardinals was in 1999 when he was the bench coach for manager Tony La Russa. He found out quickly there was too much stress.
Clementi jumped to his death from the George Washington Bridge almost two weeks ago, days after his roommate, Dharun Ravi, allegedly used his laptop’s webcam to stream the encounter between Clementi and the other man.
"My first year with Independence schools has been a good experience," Marlow said. "The community and the schools work well together. This is a great place for kids to be educated."
The first class of 10 boys convened in 1910 at the farmhouse where the chocolate magnate was born. They were trained to be farmers or tradesmen. Hershey, visionary though he was, probably would be astounded, though not dismayed, by the group that is gathering tomorrow.
Chrysler Group sales rose 20.4% to 141,165 vehicles.
Assistant Attorney General Elizabeth Korsmo wrote to the group on April 1: "Since the addresses you provided are fictional, unless you are able to provide me with a showing of legitimate activity by this organization holding itself out as having a charitable purpose in New Mexico, you are on notice that you are not lawfully registered according to the (state's) Charitable Solicitations Act … and may be in violation of a number of substantive provisions of the Act as well.
The Standard & Poor's 500 and the Nasdaq composite index climbed tentatively through the morning but gave up their gains by afternoon. The S&P fell seven points Wednesday to 1,343. The Nasdaq fell 16 points to 2,916.
In technology, size isn't always an asset, as HP is learning. One of the biggest challenges for Whitman will be to figure out how big HP needs to be. It's a key question that has tripped up a string of CEOs, from Carly Fiorina and her hard-fought battle to buy Compaq Computer, to Mark Hurd and his $20 billion acquisition spree and 50,000 job cuts, and Apotheker's poorly received plan to steer HP away from lower-margin areas of computer hardware.
Vegetarians are also well served at Taste of Punjab, with a range of vegetable curries and pulse dishes that showcase yellow lentils, black lentils and chick peas. The most exciting one I tasted was a bhindi masala ($9.50), mostly okra pods enlivened by fresh ginger, tomato and onion. Singh uses fresh ginger quite a bit, a bite unexpectedly lit up with a bright, spicy pop of it between your teeth — nice.
But they still haven't been able to kick their reliance on the earnings tax. This past year, it brought in $136 million, or 31 percent of the city's general fund.
Williams, 23, was signed by the Crew in September 2010. He was suspended and fined 10 percent of his annual salary for testing positive for methandienone metabolites. The league said in a statement that Williams, like Parke and Conway, ingested the banned substance after purchasing an over-the-counter nutritional supplement from a vitamin store.
Tierney and his staff wanted separation between LaPlante, a high school All-American from Fort Collins, and Faus, a New England native who helped lead DU to its historic Final Four run a year ago.
Traditional menus might include seafood salads, broccoli rabe with clams or anchovy, pasta with anchovies, pasta with lobster, shrimp, crab or clams, and any number of braised and roasted fish. Salt cod (baccala), a staple of many Southern regional traditions, also makes a frequent appearance, sometimes with cauliflower, pine nuts and raisins. The centerpiece for many of these feasts is roasted eel, especially in Rome, where it was sometimes prepared over an open fire.
The car sustained $2,000 in damage. No drugs or alcohol are suspected.
Some observers suggested the announcement and the governors’ responses, including today’s agreement, were all part of an orchestrated scheme intended to provide the governors with political cover from commuters’ anger over the increase, while still providing additional revenues to the Port Authority to help pay for projects the governors support.
Annan said he also told the Security Council that "unacceptable levels of violence and abuse" are continuing in Syria — that government troops are still present in and around cities and towns and human rights violations are extensive and may be increasing.
"Players who are in the game have to make responsible decisions. You can't leave your feet, change your mind in the air, just see the defense and not just the offense. There's a time to drive and a time not to."
Today, more than 58,000 people call Goodyear home, a number that is expected to balloon to 334,000 by 2030.
"I'd say the worst thing that happened to me in this whole damn thing is losing my friends," Tennyson said, referrng to those who were killed. "I can handle the physical problems. " This week, Tennyson watched the news of two similar massacres, one Tuesday at West Anaheim Medical Center and another Wednesday at a church service in Fort Worth, Texas.
Coming soon is a smaller version, the iCade 8-Bitty ($24.99), a Bluetooth-enabled gadget designed to work with an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Android device. The wireless game controller sports a vintage D-Pad and button layout reminiscent of retro 8-bit game consoles from the '80s and '90s, such as the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) and Sega Master System. The battery-powered device will work with many hundreds of games, with a full list available at thinkgeek.com/icadegames.
Dolly Varden has been looking to the past while planning the future. In January, the Chicago band came out with a re-mastered version of its first album, "Mouthful of Lies."
Coach Jason Garrett said all will play, although the Cowboys could move Jenkins before the season. He said Claiborne is a difference maker worth the gamble.
My grandmother's coconut cream pie is made from a cooked custard similar to a creme anglais, which is thickened with egg yolks and corn starch. The thick custard then is poured into a prebaked pie shell, topped with meringue and baked. But as much as I love that pie, I felt the need to tinker. I wanted the same flavors, but with less work.
There was a low stone wall. Once you got over it, you had a little protection. All of the guys got over it -- the prisoner, too -- but I'm the last guy again and I didn't get there. I couldn't make the wall.
The Siskiyou County Board of Supervisors ordered staff Tuesday to do more research into a proposed law that would ban wolves and allow ranchers to kill the ones that do show up.
By last season it was clear that Third Rail was outgrowing its home at North Portland's Interstate Firehouse Cultural Center. When the center's available dates for this season didn't match the company's needs, Third Rail decided to head downtown. The move provides about twice as many seats (220 as it's set up for "Dead Funny") and a nicer-looking facility. A few days ago the 700th season subscriber signed on, up from 535 at the end of the '07-'08 season. The company's budget has jumped from $202,000 to $350,000, thanks in part to grants from the Meyer Memorial Trust and the Miller Foundation to help with the move and to pay for administrative work.
Dye, 86, has lived here for more than 60 years and has designed courses across the country. He has received the PGA Lifetime Achievement Award and is a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame.
2 tablespoons flat-leaf parsley, chopped
As a caterer, Wilczynski prides herself on having a wide repertoire of dishes, and it shows in her menu. In these still strained economic times, she also offers a variety of prices, from sandwiches to specials to entrees.
Talk about some "wacky" stuff. As demonstrated on the House floor during a brief speech Tuesday, the Republican from Bainbridge Township sure thinks the opposing part has a bunch of cry babies.
"You could really say it's an invisible threat," said Stacey Harbour, director of marketing for Energizer. "Most of these devices are just so readily available and because the battery door isn't secure, it just makes it very accessible to the child."
Yeah, the same story that’s been said the first couple of years. In the very beginning of the season, you started to see validation of the previous commentaries, that what we’ve been saying all along, that it’s part of the building process, that it takes time but they’re the foundation of it. We’ve surrounded ourselves with kids who could believe in what would be, who know exactly what it is. To be able to have that kind of success that we had, it’s validation. It makes you truthful.
1224 Addison Dr, $22,000
The Eddie Neon Band (Club Fox Blues Jam). 7 p.m., May 2. Club Fox, 2209 Broadway, Redwood City. $5. 650-369-7770 or tickets.foxrwc.com
Acosta followed up Tuesday by finishing second, again to van der
If they cut 28,000 positions from the Postal Service, I hope about half of them are the people that are up in the penthouse. We need our letter carriers; we don't need the bosses. The bosses just sit at a desk and make stupid decisions. It's the men and women who are out there in the snow, in the heat, delivering mail. And in case you're wondering, no, I'm not a letter carrier and neither is anyone in my family. But I do appreciate the person that brings my mail to me.
After Koschman's death was ruled a homicide, Chicago detectives began interviewing people who had been on Rush Street. Those witnesses included Phillip Kohler, who first talked to police the night Koschman was hit.
Ferrara has been suffering Turtle withdrawal. "This is the first year we're not shooting right now for a new summer season. I keep walking around thinking, ‘I'm forgetting something. Oh yeah, Turtle!' "
The Ducks aren't making many waves nationally so far, although long jumper Jamesha Youngblood leaped to the top of the 2011 college outdoor list with a mark of 21 feet 2 inches last week at the Mount SAC Relays.
Mesa Vice Mayor Scott Somers said that while Able was heavily recruited by such states as Alabama, North Carolina and Texas, Mesa Economic Development staffers moved aggressively to accommodate the company's interests in a site at the southeast Mesa airport.
Condon was more often humorous than not, and his columns could meander from one topic to another, like a casual conversation. On this occasion, the appearance of an overwrought headline in his own newspaper produced a column that began, improbably, with the time he was working in a faucet factory as well as editing copy for a newspaper.
In September, University Hospitals started implementing an electronic lab reporting system in all its facilities, which will allow them to electronically report selected hospital-acquired infections and all reportable infectious diseases. Officials said they expect to transition fully by next June.
For the first time Tuesday, prosecutors in Dimora's racketeering trial offered accounts of how people trying to curry favor went to great lengths and expense to arrange extra-marital trysts for the then-Cuyahoga County commissioner.
“The upper river section will never be camped again,” said Ragonese. “The trees that are a problem in the upper river campground, you would go by them and think, these are the healthiest-looking trees imaginable. They are in great shape. They’re fully foliaged. The bark looks good. You would never know there is a root system problem caused by this flooding.”
There was also blood on the boards at the recent Toronto Classic. Eugene Kurz, 41, from Toronto, cut his finger while playing, pinching it as he pushed one of his metal control rods.
"Iran has lost a lot by voluntarily accepting the additional protocol for snap visits to nuclear sites before," said Hamid Reza Taraghi of the Islamic Coalition Party, who has close ties to supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. "The inspectors of IAEA turned out to be spies and our nuclear scientists were exposed and some of them assassinated."
PSE&G reported 271,000 customers without power as of 8:30 this morning. Crews have been working overnight however some customers in Bergen and Essex Counties may not get power restored until Wednesday, the company said.
Here you'll find many Gold Rush era-related artifacts, firearms, gambling and saloon items, country store and barbershop objects, plus Native American baskets. Much of what you will see exhibited is museum-quality.
One reason for this is the fact that Cleveland plays in the AFC North, which sent three teams to the playoffs last season. So that's six games against teams with a combined record of 33-15 (.688).
But it's more about the fact that "she needs a roof, a stable address and a place where her stuff will be safe," Brentrup said. "It's fairly simple things that make a big difference."
Heart's All Gone
Oosthuizen said it was "my first double-eagle ever." But after retrieving the ball from the cup, he tossed it to someone in the gallery, who later donated it to the club.
This automatic trigger was supposed to be so unpopular that the supercommittee, formed in September, would invariably find a better way to achieve the savings, using tax increases, spending cuts or a combination of the two.
"It's kind of funny because I've already noticed some of the moves that he's made, and I've made little mental notes in my head that I thought it looked kind of familiar," Papelbon said.
But all this leaves state education department officials increasingly worried about accountability among charter schools.
Final rounds were played at three sites, including Humble, Texas, where Allred tied for 10th to advance to the final stage.
Diane DaSilva, 21, said students at the College of Saint Elizabeth in Morristown would not only be affected by the elimination of $17.5 million in aid to independent colleges and universities, but also by other trims such as an 8.7 percent cut to the Educational Opportunity scholarship fund. DaSilva, a junior from Newark, said she already secured her scholarships for her senior year, but she would be devastated if she were still a freshman.
Josh Kovacs (Stiller) is the manager of The Tower, an exclusive Manhattan address for the likes of its owner, Arthur Shaw (Alda), who opens the movie swimming in his pool -- with a giant $100 bill painted on its floor -- atop the high-rise. Shaw is charming but lethal, chummy with people like Enrique (Pena), who seeks a job as an elevator operator, yet never letting anyone forget who runs the joint.
Peterson tore the anterior cruciate and medial collateral ligaments in his knee in a game Dec. 24 of last year.
TUESDAY: The soapy new drama, "The L.A. Complex," has been described as "Melrose Place"-meets-"Fame." It follows six very attractive young dreamers who move into the same Southern California apartment building and strive for stardom. 9 p.m., The CW.
In his speech, Kyrillos praised Chrsitie’s “leadership” and said he “took a state that (former Gov.) Jon Corzine badly mismanaged, a state that was nearly as bankrupt as his Wall Street Venture, and we’re turning it around.”
"I'll give you a great deal," Sandoval promised.
Priceline commercials (1998-2012)
"We had a normal heart rhythm on the monitor and a pulse before (Gannon) was loaded into the ambulance," Harker said. "He was still unconscious because the brain takes time to recover after an episode like that."
"The living-donor population is a unique set of patients," Srinivas says. "They deserve specialized care."
Stephen Campbell and John Wheeler of CWRU saw a better fit in Constantino's, which opened a Warehouse District store in 2005 and rounds out groceries with beer, wine, prepared foods and catering. The Uptown store will be 12,500 square feet, plus a mezzanine.
Doctors contacted his unit with a request that he be excused from weekend drills. His commander agreed but said Uddin would be expected to show for the three weeks of makeup duty.
One hundred years ago this summer, the Empire Theater opened as one of the premier vaudeville houses on downtown Baltimore's west side.
Clara, the world's most famous peregrine falcon, sure has a flair for the dramatic.
Ortega also dismissed concerns about the timeline for construction that was raised in a report released last month by the Metropolitan Council.
My findings: Keep it simple. Use good product. Make people feel they are getting a good deal. Smile. Repeat.
State tax collections for the last quarter of 2009 fell 4.1 percent nationally from the same period in 2008, data from the Census Bureau shows.
That's three times the number of households that owned an e-reader just a year ago, pointing to rapid acceptance.
"Bubba didn't want to make a big public deal of going out to Ashford," Grube said. "But he came back saying what an incredible time he had. He was so moved."
Healthy Aging Seminar: Gretchen Brauer-Rieke, a registered nurse and certified advance care planning facilitator, presents "Making Health Care Choices for the End of Life." Registration required. 9:30 a.m.-noon Sat, May 12. Milwaukie Center, 5440 S.E. Kellogg Creek Drive, Milwaukie; $5; 503-653-8100
This year, West Deptford Boy Scouts Troop 9 and several adult volunteers will return to cook all weekend long for the girls. The boys have also constructed a rope bridge, and will show the girls how they made it.
District officials said the state may cut $1 million from its $17 million budget next year.
"We always need the support of the community, so we have Christmas trees in four Wilsonville businesses with paper stockings with age-specific gift requests attached. For the last several years we have given out nearly 400 presents to the children of CCCF inmates," he said.
Caparulo has a supporting role in the new ABC sitcom, "Work It," which looks like a re-boot of "Bosom Buddies." Cap is the pal of the two cross-dressers whose bar-table ruminations spark their idea to go to work as women:
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback, a Republican, spoke at the arena shortly after Perry. Florida Gov. Rick Scott, also a Republican, addressed the event by recorded video.
shallow vessel with lots of surface area to help develop the coveted "crust" of rice on the bottom. A large oven-safe skillet will work; make sure it's large enough to hold everything, especially the rice as it cooks and expands.
Though commissioners say they give student safety high priority, their mission also includes “always save a good educator,” Chamberlain said. Commission members have no written guidelines on appropriate penalties and rely heavily on the recommendations of investigators and Chamberlain.
1. Kentucky Wildcats
The upcoming program includes Whittenberger as a soloist in Haydn's "Little Organ Mass," which also features the Columbia Pro Cantare, organist Donald Fries and the St. John's Strings. She's also among the performers in Hovhaness' "I Have Seen the Lord," an Easter-themed choral piece in which she sings the part of Mary Magdalene.
Commerce Bank, which is headquartered in Kansas City and has its senior management based in Clayton, saw its market share inch up from 6.4 percent a year ago to 6.8 percent this year. The bank grew both its market share and deposits even as it pared its local branches to 51 from 53.
— Amanda, Superior
Why you should try it: This total body exercise uses a chair for balance and targets the glutes, legs and oblique muscles. The obliques flank the abdominals and are considered part of the core. Done slowly, the exercise is great for toning — speed it up and you'll reap cardio benefits too.
Perez held out for a job in law enforcement and now considers herself among the fortunate few. In July, she and seven other laid-off Newark police officers were sworn in as Essex County Sheriff’s officers.
"These are not shoes that fell out neatly from somebody's bag right next to each other," James Delgado, the director of maritime heritage at the National Oceanic and Atmosphere Administration, told the Associated Press in a phone interview.
8:46: Tom Hanks presents the first Oscar. Talking about a longtime seat-filler. Who is wearing a power-blue tux from the '70s. "He's not really a seat-filler. He's just a guy." Achievement in Cinematography: Goes to Robert Richardson for "Hugo."
“It’s a premium market,” she said, “there’s nothing like it.”
Centene is the nation's fourth-largest Medicaid contractor and employs about 5,300 nationwide, including more than 900 in the St. Louis area. With the award of the Missouri contract, those numbers likely will grow. The company did not release an actual contract value, and company officials did not respond to phone calls seeking interviews.
"I find such joy in the preparation and eating of really simple things, that I want to share that," Deumling says.
With food prices on the rise, Americans tend to hit their backyards, hoping to save a few cents. Seed companies, including W. Atlee Burpee & Co., one of the largest in the country, are reporting a surge in seed sales, one that mirrors another rise in
At issue is Egypt's influential cabinet of ministers, which the generals appointed late last year, before Egypt's first post-revolutionary national elections gave the Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party a strong plurality in the new parliament. The FJP has demanded that the council of ruling generals, which acts as Egypt's head of state, remove the cabinet in favor of a Parliament-appointed body this week, a request the military hasn't heeded.
Follwell had pledged at her daughter's funeral to get shoulders on the roads. Frump said the work had been cathartic for him.
It was only by chance that Anthony happened to be at the park, said Betsy Redfearn, his supervisor. Because park officials knew that bicyclists, runners and walkers would be in the parks, a skeleton crew of just two workers had been assigned to clean the bathrooms at nine city parks.
That was still the score when Redick got free on an out of bounds play and hit a 3 from the wing to tie it with 38.7 left.
Go online to latimes.com/food and let us know what you're doing with your leftover hard-boiled eggs. Share ideas, recipes, even photos with us and other readers — we'd love to know!
The 130R features GM's eAssist system to boost fuel economy by shutting the engine off at stops, recapturing energy from the brakes and supplementing the engine's torque for fast starts. This is the first suggestion eAssist may appear on rear-drive vehicles.
Asked if the cornerback class can be a good one, former Bears player personnel director Tim Ruskell said ‘‘it can be.''
"It is difficult for educators to argue against increased learning time, but the value of full-day kindergarten must be balanced against other competing school needs," said Superintendent Steve Griesbach, of Gower School District, which serves Burr Ridge and Willowbrook and does not have a full-day program. "At a time when most schools find there aren't enough resources to do everything, we must make thoughtful choices about what is best for kids."
"We all like being around him," Maddon said. "To borrow a phrase from Colin Powell, he's a force multiplier. He makes everybody around him a little bit better. That's a big part of who Carlos is."
MAIL BONDING:
"The way that they integrated the design into the waterfront I think is very good and that is very important,'' Montanari said, "because that is one of the problems we have with the Pier, because it is so far out there that many people don't visit it."
A week ago the board learned that entities controlled by Mr. McClendon had arranged for loans of up to $1.4 billion from a private-equity group, EIG Global Energy Partners, while Chesapeake was negotiating to sell EIG hundreds of millions of dollars in corporate assets.
A good start is the Moving from Ideas to Practice conference Friday at City Hall, sponsored by the city of Cleveland and numerous partners, which will focus on everything from obesity to anti-smoking efforts.
That's certainly their right. Still, these kind of cover-all-bets donations blow a cannonball-sized hole in the lame attempts to portray corporate campaign donations as "freedom of speech."
“I think for this project to be a success, we need to make it a project that appeals to a lot of people,” Clark said.
Then the lower jaw can function and bite straight up and down. It can track right down the middle instead of having to do it to one side or the other.
Other members of Portland's film community observe Baldwin's machinations with varying degrees of enthusiasm and bemusement.
the Commerce Department said businesses cut orders for airplanes, autos and heavy machinery in June. Factory orders dropped 0.8 percent, the second decline in three months.
Having watched other stars fritter away their fortunes, Dean said he learned to be careful with his money.
The massive retirement program has been feeling the effects of a struggling economy for several years. The program first went into deficit last year -- the first deficit since it was last overhauled in the 1980s. But CBO said last year that Social Security would post surpluses for a few more years before permanently slipping into deficits in 2016.
After last night’s match, she sat in her chair next to the umpire’s stand and tried to keep from crying — it was the fewest amount of games won in a women’s U.S. Open final since 1976.
The Cardinals' Gulf Coast League club, Palm Beach, battered Burnett for eight runs (five earned) in only 1 2/3 innings on April 11. The Pirates' affiliates were outscored by a total 24-7 in his outings.
"I wish there was some sort of transparency at the university ... so I could see where the money goes," said Aspray, 20, a public policy major from Maryland.
A Florida court has given preliminary approval to Bank of America Corp.'s $410 million settlement of a federal lawsuit accusing the bank of charging excessive overdraft fees.
Straight Talk TNT (Teens 'N Twenties) has been a syndicated news column since 2004. The panel of over 70 teens 'n twenties from around the U.S. brings you directly into their world of trials, tribulations and triumphs. Meet the teen panel.
"The best players were playing the best and I expect that, regardless of whether it's 72 or 36 or 18 or nine holes, they'll play their best again," he said. "I think the tournament will still show who the best is in Class 2 golf."
The Uproar happy cruise is rare but not unique. A national survey by the Society for Human Resource Management found that 2 percent of employers offer "a group vacation or getaway that helps participants to improve team building and camaraderie," said spokeswoman Jennifer Hughes.
The Marina joins Oceania's fleet of three other ships while a sister ship to the Marina, the Riviera, remains under construction in Italy, and will debut in April 2012. The Marina and Riviera are the line's first ships built from scratch. The Regatta, Insignia and Nautica were refurbished ships by Oceania.
Gemini (May 21-June 21): You'll shine in the spotlight, so go where you're likely to get the chance to present your case.
Don't think I'm suggesting Scott is a racist. After all, some of his best friends, er, or least the lieutenant governor is, well, you know.
They also expressed their "deep concern" over the situation in Syria and called for an immediate end to violence.
After pleading not guilty to the charge and being released on $50,000 bond, a defiant McCafferty addressed the media on the steps of the federal courthouse Wednesday, predicting she would be exonerated.
The pilot, flying with traffic reporter Mike Lankford for Metro Networks, which was providing traffic reports for a number of TV and radio stations, put the plane down on the northbound lanes of the turnpike in Cherry Hill about two miles south of Exit 4.
"It's a memorial, and we're just going to do the ceremony," said Rick Laney, a spokesman for the museums, who'll be on board. "We'll have a priest, pastor and rabbi along."
Laura O'Neill, executive director of the organization's Washington County chapter, sees Brown as a model of someone overcoming years of mental illness and getting back on track.
Lipsyte, author of the well-regarded memoir "The Accidental Sportswriter," is noted for thoughtful, incisive journalism on big-picture sports questions. Kurlansky, best known for his micro-histories "Salt" and "Cod," is also the author of "Hank Greenberg: The Hero Who Didn't Want to Be One." He will join Lipsyte to talk about the complexity of the Hall-of-Famer's decision not to play on Yom Kippur, 1934.
"I don't see us playing them in the future," Kansas football coach Turner Gill said Monday. "I think the rivalry for Kansas and Missouri would be something that belongs in the Big 12 Conference."
øFor someone who always demanded excellence from others, it was time to let go after she had trouble this season diagramming plays and being "coach." But not before she had a heart-to-heart with her son.
The Impala also will come with an eight-inch touch screen infotainment system, a standard 4.2-inch display on the instrument cluster, 10 standard airbags and optional features such as adaptive cruise control and collision mitigating braking.
Happy hour: 3-7 p.m. Monda-Friday
Another caller, a woman, reported, "it looks like a possible plane crash. There is an explosion on top of the mountain.''
4. LSU (32-9)
"I was pretty shocked," senior Tom Bartel said. "I couldn't believe it's been taken this far. It's all garbage."
But Drewniak reiterated that nothing has been completed and that the vetting is ongoing. He also criticized the newspaper for trying “to take credit for a new level of vetting” after the first story ran.
The sensors have been diligently measuring internal pressures five to 20 times per second.
Bird-watching: Droughts are tough on vegetation, the insects that eat them and the birds that devour both, said Dan Taylor, Sacramento-based executive director of Audubon California.
The hot button issue of race arose twice during the committee hearings. When Grifa described Massachusetts as "whiter" than New Jersey, two Democrats asked her to clarify what she meant. Grifa said she was just trying to explain how the two states compare demographically.
Today, at different times and places, a funeral is set for each.
Plus, Oracle's two entries here ran 1-2 in the speed trials that opened Sunday's program.
It also had Bosh out of the lineup for a third consecutive game, with what the team is terming "bumps and bruises" but appears to be some type of ache.
The drive from St. Louis back in time to 1850 takes 8 hours.
The only thing better than a performance of Mahler's wonderful Symphony No. 2, "Resurrection," with David Robertson and the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra and Chorus, is a performance of that work by those forces with Christine Brewer as the soprano soloist. She's joined by mezzo-soprano Kelley O'Connor. Also on the program: Samuel ("Adagio for Strings") Barber's one-movement cantata "Prayers of Kierkegaard," a work that expresses the composer's faith through music and words.
Now he is executive director of East Yard Communities for Environmental Justice, with a paid staff of four and 200 members who join for $5 a year. They recruit door-to-door in Commerce, Bell Gardens, Montebello and East Los Angeles, where more than three-quarters of residents are working-class Latinos.
With new concert dates recently added for New Jersey and Philadelphia, the governor said he had every intention of being there.
Christa Kronser conveys Babe's underlying complexities: childlike innocence that fosters her generous acceptance of anyone of good will and her determination to be rid of a self-important, socially ambitious husband who is often abusive to her.
The charges were the result of investigations by the Department of Labor and Workforce Development and the Division of Criminal Justice Major Crimes Bureau.
"Terror of Mechagodzilla" (Ishiro Honda)
Lavarro, who calls himself an “independent Democrat” in his statement endorsing Payne, was elected to the City Council in November after a special election to fill two at-large vacancies. He ran with Councilwoman at large Viola Richardson, the other victor in the race.
2007 Baron Herzog Merlot, California central coast ($12-$14): This wine is red brick, graduating to an amber tone on the rim. The aroma has ripe red currant with some earth and wood. There's a good light structure to the taste, with some fruit underneath that reflects the nose. 85 points.
Then one day it was gone, reduced to what little his then-young children remembered about it. And since Wall was never much for sharing stories, the details were sparse. He died in 2001.
Randy Barnett, professor of constitutional law at Georgetown University Law School, said the national debate over medical marijuana shows how state politics can affect federal policy.
Dee suggested to Queen Elizabeth a cycle of eight leap years every 33 years. The leap years would come every fourth year starting with the fourth of the cycle, putting a five-year gap between the last leap year of the cycle and the first of the next cycle. Dee didn't invent the system, says Duncan Steel, an astronomer at the Australian Centre for Astrobiology and author of a book about calendar history. A variant of the system remains in use in Iran today, a millennium after Persians first used one like it.
keli.dailey@utsandiego.com (619) 293-1541 Twitter @kelidailey
Young lawyer Jennifer Herndon said that there was no evidence that Young knew Mock was asking for a hit man. She said that witnesses against Young, including a former cell mate, were unreliable or held a grudge.
Lux and Innoventor see the earlier blessing by MoDOT as permission to move their work to a larger platform.
Halogens also are a popular option for lighting everything from a backyard patio to wall paintings, unique arches to home walkways.
The blazes have cast a smoky haze over Portland and southwest Washington. Ash from the Mount Hood fire fell on Estacada.
Critics also said that it's long been settled law that the apportionment of congressional seats is determined by the number of people living in each state, whether or not they are citizens.
Saying on the press conference video that "music is not about moments, music is about eternity," Dudamel will pair Brahms' four symphonies with, respectively, the world or U.S. premieres of Osvaldo Golijov's Violin Concerto (written for Leonidas Kavakos), Sofia Gubaidulina's "Glorious Percussion," Peter Lieberson's Percussion Concerto (with Pedro Carneiro as soloist) and Henryk Górecki's Fourth Symphony. Steve Mackay's "Beautiful Passing" will complement Brahms' "A German Requiem."
No one will take offense if you ask for bourbon on the rocks, but these new spots aim for more.
At Kenyon, Storer belonged to the Delta Phi fraternity and the Middle Kenyon Association. In 1963, he told The Plain Dealer, "I never planned a radio career. I studied law at Harvard and discovered I would only be a mediocre lawyer.... My father put me into the music library in our Miami station."
On the day of Super Bowl III, The Star-Ledger published Kuhns’ forecast for the game. While the Colts were seen as unbeatable, he mocked the 18-point spread and predicted a Jets upset.
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- Chrysler Group LLC said Wednesday that it has named a new executive to head the reintroduction of the Fiat brand to the North American market.
The herbs and seasonings already serve the meal well, so we didn't mess around with them. But we did add a few extra vegetables because, hey, we could all use a few extra servings of those.
"That guy created a dangerous situation, put those dogs in jeopardy," Yocum said yesterday. "If you have a car with seven dogs that are not harnessed or caged, that's a recipe for disaster. He could have prevented that tragedy on Route 80."
Instructions: Soak the mushrooms in the boiling water and allow to steep for 30 minutes. Remove mushrooms from the water and chop. Strain the mushroom water through cheesecloth or a coffee filter and reserve both.
Accompanied by a CNN camera crew and reporter, Bale took an eight-hour pilgrimage to a small village in Shandong province to pay his respects to a blind lawyer who has been put under house arrest and regular harassment by the Chinese government. The Batman actor's attempt to visit Chen Guangcheng, an activist against forced abortions as part of the country's one-child policy, was foiled by plainclothes security guards who roughed up Bale.
Moments later, Michigan State finally brushed aside Saint Louis.
"I think that's a better option for sure," he said. "It gives a fair chance among multiple people, especially those with limited Internet access."
Charles Bradford's bond is set at $90,500, Baswell. Bradford, 47, has moved frequently since getting out of prison in 2006. He said deputies arrested 13 northwest Louisiana residents and expect at least four more arrests.
964 ARBOR GREEN DR $232,000
Duyck said one stand-out in his campaign has been his focus on creating jobs. “I have a lot of business endorsements, and I don’t think you can underestimate that," he said. "People really need jobs. I think that really resonated with people.”
øParents and other readers reacted on Facebook and Twitter:
“Seneca’s a veteran quarterback,” Ngata said. “He’s been around, been in the league for a while. He’s able to see things maybe quicker than McCoy just because he’s been in the league longer. But McCoy is the guy they drafted. They’re both great quarterbacks and athletic, too. They both can run.”
Neuroscientist Eric Courchesne says he and his collaborators found evidence that many genes basically misfire, producing an overabundance of brain cells in the pre-frontal cortex that affect a child's social, language and communications skills.
But the Pacers weren't done making plays.
"Putting aside the wisdom of shield laws, they should not exist to protect only certain classes of Americans a court defines as ‘journalists.’ Freedom of the press is not truly free if the definition of ‘press’ is left up to the whim of a judge," said Jim Lakely, co-director of the institute’s Center on the Digital Economy.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Serial killer Anthony Sowell, who earlier this week briefly apologized to the families of the 11 women he killed without admitting his guilt, had even fewer words for them Friday -- when Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge Dick Ambrose sentenced him to die for his crimes.
A spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney would not say whether more arrests are imminent.
His travels would take him to Tennessee and California before he returned to Missouri, without Jessica.
"For me, Rich has taken the approach of 'Just coach and I will consult you when something is serious,'" McMillan said.
“We’re hoping to hear from the family. But if we don’t, we’ll give it up on a first-come, first-served basis.”
Asian shares also slumped. Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.6 percent to 8,953.31 and South Korea's Kospi lost 1.4 percent at 1,917.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 1.3 percent to 19,966.17.
But oh, the broth. If it were possible for the right infusion of spices to purify a building in the way they do your palate, Pho DaLat would be spic and span.
Last week I spoke to a political group. Any community where people are trying to proceed in a more constructive and rational way can be useful. It's really in schools, from kindergarten through graduate schools, where people have the best opportunity to understand how to sort out realistic claims from exaggerated ones and learn how to think critically.
600 St. Francis Boulevard, $593,000, 03-02-12, 1,580 SF, 3 BR; 2011:$360,000
"I had like a page and half, I had so many things going through my mind," Pryor said. "And I think that helped me out personally."
Put them all together, along with the other memories I have, and it all adds up to … I don’t know, it doesn’t seem quite right to call it a tragedy. Maybe “mystery” is more accurate.
Nigerian violence
Favorite singers/bands: James Hall, Santogold, M.I.A., Freestyle Fellowship, Pigeon John, Mike Patton, Nina Hagen, the Ramones, Temptations, Rolling Stones, Foo Fighters, Old 97's, the Oohlas
Recent fare analysis by the Airlines Reporting Corp. seems to challenge the conventional wisdom that the earlier you book, the less expensive your fare will be. In January, the corporation, which processes airline ticket transactions, reported that over the past four years passengers paid the lowest price for domestic flights when buying just about six weeks in advance.
One of the reasons O’Malley originally wanted to sell the team was because he was worried about being able to pass it on to his and sister Terry Seidler’s children. Now he wants a team to pass on to them? That inheritance tax is a serious moving target.
“As we’ve continued to put our budget together for 2012, it has become apparent that we need to make programmatic cuts without sacrificing essential services,” Mirabella said. “We are at a crossroads and must make tough decisions to achieve fiscal stability.”
Young said the checks provided by a then-96-year-old heiress were mixed with the couple's other house funds, much of which went into renovations and construction of their $1.5-million hilltop house on 10 acres near Chapel Hill, N.C.
The Clementis, residents of Ridgewood in Bergen County, made no mention of Ravi’s recent comments, but the timing of today’s statement appeared designed to blunt the impact of his message.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide, and they release oxygen through a process called photosynthesis that you might remember from high-school biology.
Competition is stiff with Lavasier Tuinei being the only key loss from last season. Starter Josh Huff returns. So does running back De'Anthony Thomas, one of last year's top receivers. Justin Hoffman started some games. Eric Dungy, Daryle Hawkins and Will Murphy made contributions. Then there's redshirt freshmen Devon Blackmon, B.J. Kelley and Tacoi Sumler, each expected to vie for playing time.
Clementi, a gifted violinist from Ridgewood, jumped from the George Washington Bridge on Sept. 22, 2010, shortly after announcing his intentions on Facebook. Ravi was not charged in connection with his death.
India last month proposed legislation that would allow the government to tax transactions dating to 1962 in which two foreign firms exchange an Indian asset. The measure would ...
"We're trying to help and learn at the same time," said the school president, David Laughlin.
16520 SW Jesse Ct; 2,152 square feet; on 11/4/2010 for $290,000
Trolling barbecue websites and cookbooks, I found all kinds of suggestions for how best to do this. Put the turkey on a roasting rack; put it in a roasting pan; start it on the breast and turn it to the back; start it on the breast and turn it to the sides and back, ad infinitum.
2317 Chestnut St. (near Scott), San Francisco; (415) 346-8494 or mamacitasf.com
President Serge Sarkisian's party has won a majority of seats in a parliamentary election seen as a test of support ahead of next year's presidential vote.
But Julie might not be done with the lemonade business just yet.
"The first round you will still get 12 to 15 players who are going to be good basketball players and a couple who will be stars," Cavaliers coach Byron Scott said. "Seeing [Ricky] Rubio and seeing Morris, these guys have talent and they are fitting in well with the teams they are playing with. I think the draft is a little deeper now that you get to see these guys."
April 24, 2011: A female resident reported that a male resident with a history of sexually inappropriate behavior had exposed himself, but the facility conducted "no investigation of (the) alleged sexual behavior ... and nothing was done to protect (her) from further harassment," an inspector reported. Staff later reported four other "sexually inappropriate" incidents by the man.
The facts aren't on the county's side on this one. The law isn't, either: Open-records laws require a reasonable charge, commensurate with cost, for copying public records. And the Ohio attorney general ruled long ago that the charge for duplicating a microfiche containing multiple documents is the cost of the microfiche, not the documents.
His sentencing was originally scheduled for March but has since been moved.
Four young musicians came together to jam for a couple of hours at Sam Phillips' Sun Records label one day in Memphis. It was Dec. 4, 1956. All of the men, Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins, went on to become legendary figures in rock music, pop culture and the ethos of Americana. But at the time, they had no idea they would come to be known as a "Million Dollar Quartet."
It is unbelievable that Ficano would now put forth an ethics policy to stop himself from continuing the abuses that he has created. He is insulting all of the voters of Wayne County. He must think that the voters are both stupid and gullible.
Of the 48 points posted by Blues forwards this season, 26 points (11 goals, 15 assists) have been netted by players on the third or fourth lines, a whopping 55 percent of the offense. The top contributors are Alex Steen, who has a team-high six goals and nine points, and Jason Arnott, with three goals and eight points.
During saturation patrols, a homicide detective spotted the car and followed it back to Batiz-Aceves' house. When detectives spoke to him, Batiz-Aceves asked for a lawyer and refused a DNA swab.
He was a college teammate of Asamoah's at Illinois but said he was surprised to be drafted by the Chiefs.
Enjoyed article
Add in a deli lunch and it would be easy to spend a pleasant couple of hours here.
"I think that if we beat them on the field, that will take care of our business and that takes care of it," Manuel said. "When they hit Hamels, that takes care of it and we're back on even ground. There was no warning or nothing. They had a chance to get even. That even made it a wash. What Rizzo says is no concerns to me."
70: Cooper gets a break away and kicks it into the hand of Larentowicz. The Timbers are awarded the free kick. Jewsbury takes it, but Colorado knocks the ball away again.
Ahh, Celtic music. Sweet harmonies, backed by tin whistles and fiddles. That guy from "Lawrence Welk" lamenting in that lilting Irish tenor about pipes summoning poor ol' Danny Boy.
CBSSports.com notes that Oral Roberts became the fourth non-major power (top 50 RPI, top seed in their tournament) to lose before reaching their conference finals. Such surprises create additional bubble crowding.
The four coaches who received written reprimands – Workman, Goldstone, Veeder and Wood – used their personal Lapes spending accounts to order coaches' gear for their personal benefit, but did not deliberately falsify orders, according to the investigator's report.
August came and went. So did September and October. Eventually, Blackburn unloaded the crib from that trailer parked in his driveway, then the toys for his two young kids. Then, eventually, he emptied it entirely.
3. Green Flash Rayon Vert: A last-minute addition to this list, Green Flash's brand-new Belgian-style pale ale is scheduled to arrive in St. Louis next week. I predict it will be a big hit. The brewery experimented for four years before perfecting the recipe for this hop-forward beer with lively carbonation and a healthy dose of Brettanomyces funk. 7 percent ABV; available year-round.
RE: Here's the deal. Here's the deal. We're going over the same thing. Is there anything else you need?
Last year, DriveTime issued three auto-loan-backed securitizations worth a total of almost $710 million, and this month, it expects to raise $235 million in an additional sale.
"We strongly support our son and all the troops," said Linda.
When asked a follow-up question about whether unproven incumbent Colt McCoy could be that resolution, Lerner left little doubt where he stood.
Sturm used a pair of pinch-hitters in the sixth. The first one, Jimmy Kohl, popped out to second before Lund came through.
Coach Lovie Smith did his best to push his players past this distraction, one of the biggest of his tenure.
17. Sun. Dec. 30 ... KANSAS CITY ... 2:15 p.m. ... CBS
RICH MAN, POOR MAN
Oh, sure, there were bills filed and reforms proposed. But they all died.
Williams would like to write a book about those days, and has "started the treatment," but there's a problem.
European officials say they'll give Greece a new package of rescue loans. They also plan to lower interest rates and lengthen payback terms for Greece, Ireland and Portugal.
1992-93 - Pat Riley, New York
"We were looking for stronger sanctions," Tunney said. "I don't want to put people in jail over this thing, but I want people to understand I really am serious about limiting the abuse in this."
After two kills and a block by Henning, a service ace by Adam Douglas, and a Garrett Hanes kill, Edwardsville was up 6-0 just minutes into the match.
Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce Kaplan said no questions will be asked and nobody will be arrested for surrendering a weapon.
“I’m always a defender first, but when the game opens up hopefully I can attack the space and help Dane a little bit more, because whenever he got the ball in the first game they always had two guys covering him,” Solli said. “It was almost impossible for him to outrun his fullback, so if I can make it like a two-against-two challenge it will be easier for him. He has a great skill with his pace, and if you can get him into the back space that will open up the game and give us a lot of options.”
6 Sean Martin 6-0 186 junior (Corona, Calif.)
Harvion L. Cameron, 20, of the 700 block of South Fifth Street in St. Charles, and Jeffery D. Lottie, 22, of the 300 block of Oakborough Drive near Lake Saint Louis, were charged with the same crimes shortly after Brennan's killing. Patton originally was charged as a juvenile. A judge signed an order Wednesday allowing prosecutors to charge him as an adult.
A judge Wednesday awarded $94,000 in fees and other costs to lawyers representing a handful of Latinos in a lawsuit that alleges racial profiling in Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio's immigration patrols.
PARIS - Air France-KLM posted a net loss of (EURO)368 million ($483 million) in the first quarter of the year, saying Friday that high fuel costs and a continued drop in cargo cut into its profits.
"It seems like a movie. You don't come to school thinking about people shooting right behind you," Nate said during a late morning interview. " I should be in science class right now. But I'm outside talking to reporters because somebody shot up the school."
“We will meet to see how we can better work together on facilities and in general,” she said.
Is it OK to buy that organic peach in January if it comes from Chile, or is the fuel used to transport it too costly to the planet? What about the lives of the animals killed for food? Or those of the people who work in slaughterhouses or pick strawberries? When words like "sustainable" are marketing tools, how can a consumer figure out what to do? And can a family on a budget afford to eat sustainably?
“One of the very first things I heard as a young professional is that there's not young players and old players; there's good players and bad players,” Kreis said.
“I knew I still had it,” Wolff said. “It was nice to show it.”
Around 2 a.m., officers watched as a U-Haul drove slowly down a street in the neighborhood, followed by a vehicle they had been told one of their suspects was using. Law enforcement officers continued to follow the two cars as they headed into Upper Freehold Township in Monmouth County.
Food: ★★★ Service: ★★ Atmosphere: ★★
At various points, Medina's family resisted. But she pressed on, and now her kids and husband abide by the low-fat, soda-free, veggie-rich regime she has created. She hasn't needed to take her diabetes medication, glipizide, in four months.
As part of her community service sentence Fakih will speak to teens at Highland Park High School about the dangers of drunken driving.
Sporting those tricorn hats and frumpy white suits with oversized plastic buttons, our section of the samba school would dress as students of the Royal Academy of Medicine, in honor of the first university established in Rio. Each samba school illustrates a theme, or enredo, through its song, floats and costumes, so ours would tell the story of the Portuguese royal court moving to Brazil to evade Napoleon 200 years before.
Not that Trayvon Piñata is a dark cloud hanging solely over the Sunshine State.
While it is true that the tax revolt has increased the privileges of the few, it has without question inspired the hopes of many. Plain working people, the poor, the elderly, those on fixed incomes, those who cannot keep up with each new round of inflation or protect themselves from each subsequent round of recession, these are the people who are crying out for relief.
They got to work.
"It's not a weakness, but a strength to acknowledge where we can improve," said Councilman James Johnson.
Two of Gemologist's wins came at Churchill Downs.
In the past year, state regulators closed more than 30 foster homes because of licensing violations, and an additional 43 were closed after they were deemed "unresponsive to licensing agency."
"You look like a baseball glove," said Seth Meyers to Kristen Wiig, playing tanned mom-in-the-news Patricia Krentcil on "Saturday Night Live."
More interesting and perhaps revealing about the brewery is the inspiration behind Waldo's Special Ale. Click here for a history lesson that will explain the name as well as why it will be tapped on April 20 at 4:20 p.m. at the bars listed below (at least the ones with a sense of humor).
From jog up presidential steps to humiliating exit, Sarkozy leaves mark as French leader
Dental checks may help heart
In addition to raising awareness, Santee students will be rewarded for their recycling efforts. Aluminum cans and plastic bottles brought to any of the schools by students will be collected by Waste Management, then weighed at Waste Management's buy-back center.
An early version of the Treasury department rule protected people from having their federal benefits frozen by debt collectors -- including private collection agencies and states seeking back child support.
"This is the part I hate, " said Judy Abell, of St. Louis, who's been volunteering for 14 years.
High's Brian Bement simply refused to be denied Thursday night.
Since he arrived in 2007, Alonso has continued to chip away at the district's central office, promoting the move as a cost-saving measure as 1,600 full-time employees have left since 2008.
The 14th annual A Fugitive's Path -- Escape on the Underground Railroad is set. It is an interactive, role-playing program that allows people to experience history.
Evansville 39 4 10.3
170 pounds: Jessie Hoffschneider, Grand Junction fall Thad Gallegos, Ponderosa, 5:30.
Spring winds will blow across Colorado today, with the potential to whip up wildfires, authorities warned Wednesday.
What: The premiere of a cable comedy based on Martin Kihn's book about the management-consultant business.
Or just call it "The Card."
One unhappy person: Lennon’s live-in boyfriend Joe (Luka Jones), who recognizes the threat to his happy abode.
Today will be partly cloudy with a high around 80 degrees, according to the National Weather Service. Tonight's low temperature will dip into the 60s. Some overnight fog is expected.
"Ninety-five percent of employees, contrary to popular belief, do their job," said Pagnotta-Murphy, who supervises a small team that maintains city vehicles.
NEW YORK (AP) — Andrew "Fuzzy" Levane, who coached the New York Knicks during the late 1950s and later was a longtime scout for the team, has died. He was 92.
Ernst & Young LLP has announced 28 semifinalists for its Entrepreneur of the Year 2012 Awards in Orange County. Winners will be announced on June 7.
Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell $1.86 billion to $890.79 billion, the Washington-based mutual fund trade group said. Assets of taxable money market funds in the retail category fell $1.85 billion to $703.24 billion. Tax-exempt retail fund assets fell $10 million to $187.55 billion.
I read this book by America's Cheapest Family that recommended taking your slow cooker on vacation with you, so dinner could be sizzling up and ready for you in the motel room when you get home from Disneyland or the Grand Canyon. I have actually considered doing this.
Portland Trail Blazers fans get their lone look at the hated Los Angeles Lakers in person at the Rose Garden Thursday night, the first of three meetings. Thanks to the lockout-shortened season, the Lakers only play in Portland once, while the Blazers (4-1) will face the Lakers (4-3) in Staples twice (Feb. 20 and March 23).
Zinfandel is often called California's indigenous wine, but its story is not that simple. Some of the best Zinfandel-based wines from the state's best and most historic vineyards can't use the grape name on their labels.
The feature is a bout between the Ukraine's Ismayl Sillakh (17-0, 14 KOs) and light heavyweight Denis Grachev (11-0-1, 7 KOs) of Russia.
Corn Maze Sherwood: Challenging maze for families, and a kiddie hay maze and pyramids. Also shop for produce and baked goods. 10 a.m.-10 p.m. Fri-Sat, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Sun, through Nov. 1. Grahams Ferry Farm, 26940 Grahams Ferry Road, Sherwood; $5; www.cornopolis.com or 503-522-4659
Branding and marketing firms have been enlisted to help the Salvation Army appeal to the growing segment of society that lives on the Internet. In recent years the slogan, "Heart to God, Hand to Man," has been replaced with the more ecumenical-sounding "Doing the Most Good."
Starting: $40,400
"I can tell you that there are questions about whether the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act has been violated by Rupert Murdoch and his news empire, and what's going on in England is startling, to think the extent that they went to break the law to try to report a story," Sen. Dick Durbin (D., Ill.) on Sunday's "Meet the Press." "We need to follow through with the FBI investigation and also with Congressional investigations."
Bounds explained how residents and business owners in Ellicott City managed to pull off the scheduled bicentennial celebration of the town's 1772 founding by throwing themselves into a massive cleanup effort alongside firefighters and other workers for two arduous weeks. Parades were held daily along Main Street, as planned.
A witness said he saw the man leave the area in an emerald green hatchback, possibly a Volkswagen.
Greinke (2-1) was flawless for the first four innings. He gave up five runs in the fifth as the Pirates pulled to 6-5, and left after the inning.
He withdrew after 11 holes of the final round at Doral with tightness in his left Achilles tendon, the same one that caused him to miss three months last year. Two weeks later, he ended 30 months without a PGA Tour victory when he won by five shots at Bay Hill. That made him a favorite at the Masters, where he tied for 40th and was harshly criticized for kicking a club after a poor tee shot on the 16th hole.
Cibelli then wrapped the victim in trash bags and dumped her body in Pennsylvania, the prosecutor said.
If forensic evidence proves the suspect did not fire his gun, he most likely would not face attempted aggravated murder charges as previously believed. However, he still faces numerous serious felony charges, Marquis said.
The Cumberland County Retired Educators Association is offering a selection of trips and cruises to raise funds for its scholarship program.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Four things I think about the 2012 draft:
The Victoria's Secret model took to her Facebook page to reveal the moniker or her and fiance Jamie Mazur's second child, who ''stole their hearts'' when he was born in Florianopolis, Brazil, Monday.
The officers' killings represent the government's worst loss of life in a single event since President Felipe Calderon declared an army-led crackdown against drug traffickers soon after taking office in December 2006. Eight federal police officers died in a shootout in the northwestern state of Sinaloa in May 2008.
The House bill would extend the National Flood Insurance Program for five years and provide for some increases in premiums and deductibles. The program is currently running on a temporary extension that expires at the end of September.
"These are extreme medical needs," Gunther said.
Kids Spring Break Cooking Camp: "Flavors of the World" is the theme of the three-day hands-on cooking class for ages 7-12. Topics are Italian Favorites, Tastes of Asia, and South of the Border. Students also learn about cleanliness, knife safety, and teamwork in the kitchen. 10 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Mon-Wed, March 26-28. In Good Taste, 6302 S.W. Meadows Road, Lake Oswego; $195, includes tuition, lunches and recipes;
The diplomatic moves came as Arab leaders met Thursday in the Iraqi capital Baghdad in their annual summit and were expected to issue a resolution backing Annan's plan. In speeches at the summit, many leaders made clear they felt the burden was on Assad's regime to halt the fighting.
In addition, Horrock said, you can learn about relationships, occupations and income. A family earning $5,000 in 1870 or even 1940 was well-off, while a family earning that sum in 2010 would be in dire poverty.
Michael Carroll, a spokesman for the Wilderness Society in Colorado, said cattle are often allowed to wander on federal wilderness lands as long as ranchers get a permit from the Forest Service, and sometimes the animals get separated from the herd.
Earlier that day, underclassmen had transformed a sprawling hotel conference room into a darkened dance hall. Tables against the wall held chicken wings, bagels, heavy hors d’oeuvres and a massive punch bowl. Candles flickered atop circular tables, covered in brilliant white tablecloths.
TWO TRACKS
Kristen Dziczek, director of CAR's labor and industry group, said the UAW has made protecting jobs its No. 1 goal, but automakers may look to close several under-utilized plants. Ford's Avon Lake van plant was included on her list.
"We are so overwhelmed by so many gigantic issues we can't quite grasp," says Seifert, "but we can all work on food waste because it's in our kitchens and it's so tangible."
Under the plan, each municipality that joins the county force would dissolve its department. Because of federal labor law, only 49 percent of the officers in each town could be rehired to join the county force. Who would hire the balance of the officers, however, remain undecided.
Fourteen bands and drill teams high-stepped their way through the 1.5-mile route, stopping to perform in front of the Edward Jones Dome and hundreds of enthusiastic supporters,
The 1986 explosion that destroyed the space shuttle Challenger and killed seven astronauts shocked the nation, but for one rocket engineer the tragedy became a personal burden and created a lifelong quest to challenge the bureaucratic ethics that had caused the tragedy.
Theft. A snowblower valued at $1,600 was stolen from an underground garage of a condominium complex at 3440 Golfview Drive.
"When we started a sustainability council at the hospital a few years ago, antibiotic reduction was one of the first things on my list," she said. "I think it has the most impact on farming, the environment and public health."
Seven illegal immigrant students arrested in a Southern California street protest are now waiting to see whether they will be deported in a test of the Obama administration's immigration policy, students said Thursday.
And finally, at my age, I have lived long enough to not feel the same terror of threat to my lifespan that a younger person may feel. I'm not saying that I don't care about how long I live, that I don't want or won't try to do all I can, but it does mean that I can think differently about my life.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Camden County Prosecutor’s Office Investigator Gary McBride at 856-225-8400, Lawnside Police Detective Brad Redrow at 856-573-6204 or Magnolia Police Detective Joseph Pappalardo at 856-784-1884.
"This is beautiful," said Fudge, a Newark resident and English major. "It's just an element to add to the memory."
As things stand now, almost 90 percent of the jobs added last year were in the private sector, the Labor Department estimated. Education and health services — a key sector for Maryland, with its major hospitals — was the biggest gainer. Those employers accounted for 10,000 of the new jobs.
"It's like the mountainside has been groomed baby-bottom smooth," he said. "And besides the incredible scenery, the fantastic skiing conditions are one of the main reasons I keep coming back year after year."
“My dreams were absolutely crushed,” she says now, with a self-mocking smile. “And my mother said, ‘Really, this is what you want to do? Because it’s going to be like this over and over again.’ But I did (want it), and eventually started auditioning for commercials. And I hated that, because the corny improvs they made the kids do were mortifying and really, I couldn’t sell anything. I kept getting rejected.”
HARDAWAY NOT SWAYED: The other potential NBA player on U-M's current roster, Tim Hardaway Jr., said he didn't even ask the NBA advisory committee for his draft projection.
On a sunny Saturday afternoon at Macdonald Avenue and 42nd Street, a steamroller smooths out a stretch of fresh asphalt in front of Al's Electric Shaver Center.
President Barack Obama made a symbolic trip to Afghanistan on Tuesday, arriving on the first anniversary of the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to sign an agreement with President Hamid Karzai that marks a transition in the war while committing the U.S. to another decade of economic and military aid.
Karen Anderson was so impressed by her husband's transformation that she followed suit, giving up her dental hygienist career to become an artist. At her Over the Edge studio, she focuses on wood work (clocks, lazy Susans, wall plaques) and stained-glass mosaics. Her latest project: "a line of eco-friendly dresses from previously worn and loved T-shirts."
They filled all the chairs. They lined a mezzanine railing. They sat on the floor. The peered in from the galleries. They hung out in the lobby. In all, organizers said, 846 people showed up (though, given the turnout, it's hard to figure how they came to such a precise number). From hip artists to young professionals to Mayor Francis Slay in a pinstripe suit.
Beltran a "little lost"
Concert With Aaron Meyer and North Clackamas Christian School: The well-known violinist performs cutting edge original music and arrangements with the school's musicians. Meyer, a classically-trained violinist since age 5, debuted with the Philadelphia Orchestra at age 11 and soloed with major international symphony orchestras and ballet companies. He has nine albums; has performed with Smokey Robinson, Aaron Neville, The Temptations, and Michael Allen Harrison; and composed music for PBS television specials and Microsoft commercials. Proceeds benefit school programs. Reservations recommended. 7 p.m. Sun, May 1. North Clackamas Christian School, 19575 Sebastian Way, Oregon City; $18 advance; $20 at door; www.ncchristianschool.com or 503-655-5961
Gov. Chris Christie issued a statement today calling Lautenberg "a tenacious fighter ... I wish him the best for a speedy recovery and a successful fight against his illness so he can get back to doing what he loves most, helping New Jersey and its people."
In a news release issued in March 2007, Mr. Grimaldi said one of his newsletters had "been ranked #1 by Hulbert Financial Digest" for the five years through 2006. Hulbert, a tracker of newsletter performance, is owned by MarketWatch, a division of Dow Jones & Co., publisher of the Journal—as are several other newsletters that compete with Money Navigator. Mr. Grimaldi's other newsletters, although not the Money Navigator, have featured the claim "Ranked #1 & Recommended by Hulbert Financial Digest!"
But “improving global markets sentiment as the European debt crisis stabilized coupled with favorable news regarding the U.S. economic environment” helped boost BofA’s revenue for its fixed income, currency and commodities (FICC) arm by $432 million.
At turns defiant and emotional, Wilpon spoke at Digital Domain Park during the first official workout for pitchers and catchers. His son, COO Jeff Wilpon, flanked him during the news conference on Field 2 of the spring training complex. Team president Saul Katz paced in the background, a cell phone pressed to his ear.
He had exceptional moments late in games against Chicago and Boston, particularly from beyond the 3-point arc. But on Thursday, he was 0 for 4 on 3s, including a miss that could have put Miami up by one with 1:50 left.
Obama's compromise with congressional Republicans to maintain for two years the Bush-era tax cuts and give businesses more write-offs on research and machinery costs will boost the economy, Bruce Josten, chief lobbyist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said Tuesday.
the popular TV ballroom competition gave the ``Family Matters''
Dr. Robert Woolsey, a former director of the SCI unit and a Thomas supporter, told me he suspects the problem has to do with power and money. Woolsey said that when he was director of the unit, he used to have fights with the director of the VA Medical Center about money, too.
Brandon Jennings' talk of possibly wanting to play in a big market should do wonders for Bucks attendance.
His grab in deep center at Dodger Stadium last June has been replaced by Kellys play.
1531 Heritage Valley Dr, $340,800
A banquet hall decorated with Egyptian-themed art in the Quindaro neighborhood of Kansas City, Kan., draws throngs of soul food seekers, many in their best church-going clothes, each Sunday. They line up out the door of Nefertiti to feast at an all-you-can-eat buffet of caterer Rita Andersons Southern-inspired dishes. She is most famous for her hot water cornbread, small cakes that are lighter than the typical Midwestern buttermilk cornbread. Trays of piping hot fried chicken, fried fish, ham, roast beef, mixed greens and candied sweet potatoes keep coming out from the kitchen throughout the afternoon. Customers sometimes have to wait for the next batch of cabbage, scalloped potatoes, macaroni and cheese or peach cobbler, but they dont seem to mind because its so fresh.
Shania Stamper, Edgewood
• The county wrote a letter to a nonprofit group that raised money to renovate the Soldiers and Sailors Monument on Public Square, demanding the organization return $260,000 in donations as reimbursement for $2 million the county fronted for the work.
Therefore, the music department is not getting something on the order of $15,000 it would have received had the theater been sold out.
LaVonne Griffin-Valade will run unopposed for Portland auditor.
Sierra Club members are not alone in their belief that the penny referendum is so flawed that it should be rejected. Limited-government proponents and anti-transit forces have led this cry up to now, although they oppose the tax for different reasons.
Kid friendliness: No children's menu, but kitchen will prepare half-portions of most dishes (except steaks and chops).
This scandal seems to vindicate critics who have said Paterno, who will turn 86 next month, is more a feeble PSU figurehead than a head coach with a tight grip on his program. And now his judgment can be questioned.
Rock Bridge and Washington finished first and second in the team competition at the Lebanon Country Club in Lebanon. Rock Bridge won the tournament with a 310 and was paced by Wilson Sundvold (71), who won the individual title, and Tyler Kolb (75), who took second.
West Virginia 32.2%
MILAN - European markets fell Tuesday as investors worried whether Greece, after an indecisive election, could form a new government to save it from financial disaster.
The Grizzlies, who knocked off the top-seeded Spurs in last year's first round for their first ever postseason series win, were paced by Gay's 19 points in Game 1. Mike Conley and O.J. Mayo both had 17 points and All-Star Marc Gasol finished with 14.
Inside, the home got fresh life with a remodeled kitchen and updated bathrooms. The home's iconic stonework, turret and the outdoor staircase – the only connection between the first and second floors - were untouched.
Birding in rural Lorain County, Paula Lozano and Bob Finkelstein found three blue morph snow geese in New Russia Township Park, a large flock of canvasbacks in the Black River, a two Northern harriers near Jones road.
The Irish called whiskey "uisce beatha," which translates to "water of life," and by the 19th century U.S. distillers had cooked up a whiskey niche of their own, with corn-based concoctions making Kentucky's soul as much about bourbon as horses. The combination of grains and distillation methods has evolved over time and fashion, and even the spelling - "whiskey" or "whisky" - might provoke a barstool battle. Now, thanks to craft distillers, the water of life can come in many flavors, proofs, bottles and barrels - and even frozen. Here's a round of sites for experiencing the spirit's true spirit.
If Harris wants to be a fool, he'll have every opportunity. If he wants to take this opportunity, make the most and turn a fresh outlook into a lifetime of success, well, have at it, kid.
Karpovtsev and Korolev went to school together and played together for nearly all their pre-NHL careers in Russia. They came to North America after the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union gave freedom of movement to Russian players.
Expect Frog n Snail to be a lot simpler and less expensive than the acclaimed Sprout. Most entrees are under $20, and three courses (appetizer, main, dessert) can be had for $32 or so.
A mix of rock, rap and pop — the surgeon’s choice — plays in the background. Now that cancer isn’t an issue, Gonzo inspects the donor heart for other problems.
The son of a well-known Mexican-American labor organizer known as the Fox, Henry Muñoz grew up participating in pickets and marches. At the same time, he attended an exclusive private San Antonio school and has since become a high-society mover-and-shaker, heading one of this city's most prominent architectural firms and fundraising for local and national politicians.
2. Ahwatukee gourmet food truck feeling heat from regulators - Truckin' Good Food, one of a small but growing number of "gourmet food truck" businesses, finds itself in a license dispute.
I asked Riley about the father-figure message that permeates from his flip-flop suspension policy and, also, about his own daughter, Kate. And he said of Masaniai's crime-suspension-reinstatement, "I inherently trust him, trust the situation, trust that these two are going to make it together, and so like you would with your own kids, you make decisions about that.
The cap was a variation on a proposal by Rep. Nan Baker, a Westlake Republican, in recent days. It came after Republican lawmakers were battered in suburban school meetings across Northeast Ohio by crowds unhappy with high-percentage losses proposed by the GOP governor.
I can't imagine that this measure has been properly thought through; I and most of my friends and family (who I questioned) re-use the plastic bags as trash bags; so how does it make sense to ban plastic grocery bags, when people like myself will just have to go to the grocery store and buy "plastic trash bags"; the same amount of plastic bags will still end up in landfills. – Darlene Ashley, Encinitas
WESTFIELD — The day after a stirring, Baptist funeral for Whitney Houston was beamed live across the world, the pop superstar’s New Jersey family buried her in a private ceremony today, holding it out of sight along the rolling hills that flow through Fairview Cemetery in Westfield.
"Celebrities can attract a lot of attention, and some people take the comments of celebrities quite seriously," says Todd Boyd, a professor of popular culture at the University of Southern California. "I'm not sure if celebrities alone can make or break a campaign, but they can be a potential factor."
And while the first real-world Lisa's Legacy 5K Race/Walk is just days away, the 2010 race has already been drawn and will appear in newspapers this time next year.
In almost every way, the Xyboard is what the Xoom should have been. It's super sleek, adequately light and includes Verizon's blazing 4G LTE network at launch.
I would love to have seen Scott try to stage that budget-signing inside a public high school.
Other religious leaders visit the center on a volunteer basis.
On Friday, Dr. Paul Ciechanowski of the University of Washington will deliver a keynote speech on treating depression in older adults. He says that left untreated, depression can lead to poor self care and more health problems. Ciechanowski will be presenting the PEARLS program, an evidence-based strategy for treating the depression. He speaks at 8:15 a.m.
Hickenlooper made it a point to say that government shouldn't tell churches whom they can marry. But he added: "Everyone deserves the same legal rights in this country. We are depriving people of their civil rights without reason."
"They're pretty much just for fun," said Lila, who spent at least eight hours making them.
But he couldn’t resist. Somewhere around Prospect Street, the music and cheering got the better of Cruz and he gave the throngs what they were begging for, shaking his hips, moving his elbows in time with the music that filled the downtown streets.
Manager Kalen Kelekoma climbs atop a wooden crate and welcomes the throng with a warm "aloha" and an explanation of the market rules. Then the horn sounds, and they rush the stalls. Some head straight for the obvious draws on this hot day — ice-cold coconuts and soursop ice cream. Others start grabbing tropical fruits they rarely get a chance to taste on the mainland — rambutans, longans, lychees and mangosteens. Some buy salad greens and broccoli.
A few steps from a Cadillac that has been covered in 120,000 coins, the curious also can view a decidedly different artifact: Lee Harvey Oswald's tombstone.
New England selected Ohio State defensive back Nate Ebner in the sixth round and followed up with cornerback Alfonzo Dennard of Nebraska with their first pick in the seventh round.
In doing so, he follows his older sister, Bianca, the state record holder in the hurdles.
"The blood and guts doesn't bother me, but a lot of people don't have the stomach for it," said Will Bluemel, 57, a partner in the Bridgeton-based St. Louis Trauma Services.
DL Maurice Mason, sr., Granite City
Beckler began that album the way he always starts: by listening to the performer play their songs with just guitar or piano.
I mean, what do you want for an arena's opening night? Justin Bieber?
That compared with a surplus of $5.35 billion in March and a deficit of $31.5 billion in February. China often has a large trade deficit early in the year as factories restock after their long lunar new year holiday break.
"Monster House" was shot with the same motion-capture process that was used in Mr. Zemeckis's "Polar Express," a process I didn't like then and don't like now, even though advancements have been made in its area of obvious weakness, immobile faces. "Monster House" benefits from strong graphic design and lovely lighting, but the script is nothing to write home about. It focuses on three neighborhood kids, reminiscent of the trio in "Harry Potter," who dare to penetrate the house in an effort to tame it. By the time they've survived a succession of standard-brand terrors done with visual flair, they understand what every homeowner already knows -- a house can eat you alive.
Tiffany Churchill, 22, remembers spotting a hole in the ceiling and wires dangling down when she moved into the building two months ago. She found a dust-caked smoke detector in another room. She put a battery in it, but it still didn't work.
Williamson won't say what people have been offering for items but said response to Clark memorabilia has been good.
One of my favorite hidden design features in the Catalog Spree app was a quick way to see all catalog pages as thumbnail images when I pinched my thumb and pointer finger together. This helped me quickly see the contents of the entire catalog so I could go directly to the page I wanted, saving me time when I was looking for something specific.
But it's an uphill battle for Collins, who is taking on a well-financed and skilled campaigner with a much deeper understanding of the state's dire financial condition.
Not everyone agreed. Republicans portrayed the bill as a burden on small banks and the businesses that rely on them and argued that it will cost consumers and actually impede job growth.
Though it helps, winning isn't even as important as most fans think. Conference realignment shifts are more about popularity, campus beauty contests and credit checks.
-- Debbie Mansir, fourth/fifth-grade teacher at Loma Vista Elementary School, for "Singing Through the Standards."
A poor first half of the 2010 season turned the Cubs into sellers by the trade deadline, signaling the organization was moving toward a youth movement that Byrd, at the time, steadfastly denied.
A group of News Corp. shareholders already have sued the company over the phone-hacking scandal, accusing News Corp. of large-scale governance failures. The lawsuit was filed late Friday in Delaware Chancery Court by shareholders led by Amalgamated Bank, and several municipal and union pension funds joined in.
Expect sunshine and mild temperatures in southeast Michigan today and Wednesday as clean-up continues from Monday's high winds.
Despite the rising STD levels across Minnesota, the black-white STD gap is slowly decreasing. The African-American rate of gonorrhea infection has decreased by more than 45 percent since 2008. Similarly, chlamydia rates decreased by 16 percent over that period.
Throughout the monsoon months, change filters on your air intake every two weeks, more often after a dust storm.
The Chargers also bested Live Oak 6-1 last week, with Alexis Belligan stepping up with the big bat. Belligan hammered a double and a single in the win, but it was Talaugon who blasted a homer and drove in two. Borello, Taylor Bojorquez, Alexis Morales and Quevedo each ripped singles in the win.
The motive for the killings, police say, could be a land deal gone bad, and they are looking into whether the two lawyers may have been involved in other killings. The two have been detained for questioning, but authorities have barred the media from naming them until they are charged. Six farm workers were also arrested but not charged.
Shannon Quimby and her husband, Glenn Hoffinger, spent $692,000 to build their new old house, a 3,100-square-foot structure that is home to them and their son, Chase, and also houses her business.
The latest water data from Sand Creek show benzene levels stabilized and decreasing.
3. Using a round 2-inch cookie cutter, cut 4 rounds from each slice of bread.
Good observation. But are you telling me Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger don't look alike?
That's the message Adams will deliver to Multnomah County Chairman Jeff Cogen at 5:30 p.m. today in their first face-to-face meeting since tensions between the city and county surfaced publicly three weeks ago. In a stinging Sept. 14 letter, Cogen accused Adams of making "an ever changing assortment of additional demands" toward the Sellwood project that were "seemingly designed not to reach a deal but rather to drag on the negotiations indefinitely."
LITTLE BLACK DRESS FUNDRAISER: The Little Black Dress Fundraiser for Susan G. Komen for the Cure St. Louis is from 5 to 7 p.m. Sept.
It doesn't include the Dealers in Intangibles Tax, which allows mortgage brokers and payday lenders to pay a lower tax rate than banks do. The last two major studies of the Ohio tax system each recommended the elimination of this tax.
Goldman said stepping down was not an easy decision — "this was not a slam dunk" — but he believes the time is right.
Expect also to see higher fees for established "extras," including Internet access, spa services and "alternative dining" restaurants.
"We're looking at over a thousand people," Smith said. "These are people with families and mortgage payments and kids in school."
Somerville (12-0) 2 1 3 5 — 11
Gov. Sonny Perdue is expected to be in attendance Wednesday when the state Board of Education receives a briefing from the Governor's Office of Student Achievement, a separate state agency which initially called for the cheating investigation. State board members may also discuss Atlanta's handling of its state-ordered probe.
But at the end of that process, Democrats will face a stark choice: Do they side with organized labor, or with a plan that gives children in the nation's second-poorest city a better chance to succeed?
Judge Mensh swore in every county executive and County Council member elected during that period, and by the time she left office she was overseeing a staff of about 125 people.
It will be the third consecutive year the Colts have trained in Anderson, following 11 years at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology in Terre Haute.
The only complaint about Benson's concert: It was over too soon. It came in at 90 minutes, a typical length, but with no opening act, the show was over by 9:15 p.m.
Dr. David Miller, a family medicine specialist, is a member of St. Anthony's Physician Organization. He practices at Kirkwood Family Medicine, 10296 Big Bend Blvd., Suite 111, in Kirkwood, 314-543-5943. For a referral to any St. Anthony's physician, call 314-ANTHONY (268-4669) or 1-800-554-9550.
Best Internship Program: The Sherwin-Williams Company
"I’m frustrated," said Freeholder Gene Feyl, who will soon be resigning to become the executive director of the state Highlands Council.
"That series was more of a hatred toward each other with some of the hits that were happening," Rangers captain Ryan Callahan said. "But I think this series has its own character in the way the teams are defending and how hard it is to create chances and how close the games have been."
"I knew they had a bunch of guys coming back and that we would have a really good shot. Winning state was our goal the whole time," Padgett said. "They've been running since middle school together and I'm just glad to be part of it."
"Centers are still looking for a location or are negotiating with local officials, which is why I have said that this is an ongoing process," Leusner said. "An alternative treatment center has to inform the department that it has located a site, gotten municipal approval and hired staff in order for the criminal records to be checked."
"We’re very proud of you and wish you happiness in whatever you do," Gabriel Wierzbicki’s parents wrote beside a picture of their son — a sweet, doe-eyed little boy with a serious expression. "Love always, Mom and Dad."
The mayor stopped short of confirming the gunman was fatally shot by at least one University of Pittsburgh police officer who responded. But he confirmed "police acted admirably and did engage in gunfire."
It might be seriously distracting to some, but it did seem to have the effect of keeping dancers focused. Everyone in the ensemble was on his game in this interesting work. The concentration was admirably evident, as was the creative interplay of this husband and wife team.
"That second unit was taking a little bit of heat for the first couple of games, not really producing and being outplayed by the Magic's bench, but tonight it was the other way around."
She knows that many families who lost loved ones are bitter - about their loss, about the war.
Brennan, 58, has been under fire from some investors for not
Later in the day, State Sen. Dale Miller, a Democrat running in District 2, confirmed that he has put word out that, "under the right circumstances," he would be interested in being council president. But Miller stressed he is not trying to cut deals with other candidates.
For three decades, the arena has stood as North Natomas' most identifiable landmark and economic engine. It arrived long before the massive growth that brought thousands of homes to the fields where cattle and sheep once grazed.
Then the mourners lined up on a shouted command: "All uniformed members, attention! Salute! At ease." Then they drifted off.
In their motion today, the Carnahan campaign said the Fox lawsuit "appears to be one of the very few times that a television network has sued a political candidate challenging the fair use of an interview of another candidate."
The sand inside the chute can quickly turn to dust from the impact of the shells, Lennox said, and often needs to be replaced. The new facility will have three chutes so that while one is being maintained the other two can remain in use.
CHAGRIN FALLS--Five Chagrin Falls High School students recently received high scores in the Class A division of the Ohio Music Educators Association Solo and Ensemble Contest.
Desai called his friend’s parents, his friend’s wife and everyone else he could think of who might change his friend’s mind.
For two years, Arizona's Department of Corrections has been trying to award a contract for 5,000 more private-prison beds.
But as we drove, I recalled that she had enthusiastically spoken to a mentally challenged young man as we left the campground. She had called him by his name. They had exchanged high-fives with each other and smiled broadly as they departed.
"We continue to have the risk of either stranded investments, or the even bigger risk that California is forced to spend money it does not have to salvage something," Elizabeth Goldstein Alexis, co-founder of the Palo Alto-based Californians Advocating Responsible Rail Design, said in an interview this month.
Simmons, a retired logger, is recovering from hip-replacement surgery and can barely leave his bed. He has stayed in his home despite water swamping his front yard and creeping beneath his house. Visitors have to use a back door to get in because of the high water.
"The question of support of an individual newspaper for politicians one way or another is not something that I would ever link to a commercial transaction like this," Murdoch said. "Nor would I expect … political support one way or another ever to translate into a minister behaving in an inappropriate way — ever. I simply wouldn't do business that way."
"It's a musical celebration of the season, with narration woven in to take people on a musical journey," said Tim Friesen, the school choir director.
Stoudemire was treated for a laceration to his hand after Monday's 104-94 loss to the Heat, which sunk the Knicks into a 2-0 hole in their Eastern Conference quarterfinal series.
Sorry I haven't been able to give you 100 % with the blog lately... scary, end of term uni deadline on monday...
The passport most certainly does not answer questions, in fact it presents us with even more.
that is what I call myself.
3/4 cup (150 grams) white granulated sugar, the finer-grained the better (but plain ol' sugar is okay too)
This is from a previously written scene. I just cut out everything in between the dialogue. It's a rough draft and unedited, so it still follows the rules. :) To play along, visit Write Anything's [Fiction] Friday.
Recognition registered on Kanhar’s face. His orders were to kill this pastor in the quest to wipe out Christianity. His eyes wandered around the yard, searching for anything he could use as a weapon.
(honest)
which is pretty much what my hair felt like when I was done!
Thanks so much for all your comments on my last post, I am glad you all loved my crochet hearts :-) Some of you wondered what yarn I used, I used several but mainly Patons Cotton Twist which has a lovely texture to it and is a pretty good price :-)
Having a child who is curious about drugs, alcohol and sex is easy. You have an open dialog starting early in childhood. You build trust between parent and child. You monitor their friends and school. Easy stuff.
Please email me at am220099@gmail.com & I will send you the gift certificate via email.
What if the battles regarding Ground Zero and the West Side Stadium hadn’t sucked up so much media attention?
I think I loved. I've loved a few times, not terribly successfully. Occasionally, for a long period. Other times, I haven't done badly. I totally love my children too, but I watch that they don't get smothered by my care and mother love because I want them to have their own lives, their own loves, even if I don't approve. They need space to make the most of my mother love.
To the left is an inital necklace by Danielle Stevens and to the right by the Abalone Sunburst necklace by House of Harlow 1960. Both of these have such great charm! When you wear either of these necklaces, it's all you need, you don't need to wear 3 other's with it - yet if you want to funk it up, be my guest!
I wanted something more in life than just, well, money I guess. Sure, money can bring me places, buy me nice food, branded bags, anything I want without really having to think about whether I can afford it because most times I can. But when I had it, I realized there was something more I wanted to do with my life - going after and accomplishing my dreams and goals. Of course I enjoyed flying and the job itself. I loved interaction with the passengers, and did my work with pride. I am proud to say that without instigating, I always had about 20 compliment letters a year. During my last month of flying, almost every single flight I did had a passenger write me a compliment letter to the company. I really loved the job, but entertainment line is something that won't wait for you. And that was something I felt I didn't try hard enough in. SQ? I gave my 100% already.
I will start by mentioning Lana del Rey for no better reason she is on my short list is best defined by the way she has become popular and unpopular at the same thing happens once in a blue moon.
These are the times that try men's souls, as Thomas Paine once wrote. Glenn, that includes you. Prayerfully consider the possibility that we live in a time when united we fall, divided we stand. It's not conventional wisdom, and it certainly was not what we learned in school. But in a world that is being increasingly oppressed by multinational corporations and overcentralized governments, it may very well be the truth.
They repeated this unsubstantiated lie so often that eventually the Sandra Laing case was universally considered as one of the most striking examples of recessive alleles finally having recombined after several generations, and once again forming an individual reflective of racial mixing which occurred several generations previously. I did not make this up, I promise --- I found it here.
The unimaginatively named Rabbinic Excerpts in Medieval Karaite Literature is now another resource scholars of rabbinics must consult on matters of text, readings and reception history of the rabbinic text. But it is also a repository of a culture negotiating its relationship with revered predecessors represented in this world by bitter enemies; a story of cultural appropriation and literary positioning. In that sense, Tirosh-Becker’s book is a collection of artifacts still waiting to be read.
Just up the road, not more than a few steps away, a large white building stands near the beach. This is the Seabeck Landing General Store. A hint of color fills the planter boxes hanging below its oversized windows. The red door with its “OPEN” sign welcomes patrons inside. I didn’t go in this time, but I know that there is also a small café inside to feed the hungry. It is hard to imagine that this store was once part of a community with a lumber mill that was so busy that the mill built its own shipyard to handle its shipping needs.
No one has seen any unusual visitors, alien or otherwise, but the bus-driver notices the number of people in the diner exceeds his passenger count by one... did an alien in human disguise slip in with the group? And if so, which one is it?
Kenneth Cole is known for his tongue-in-cheek ads that use clever wording to get the word out about issues like AIDS, homelessness, gun safety and women’s rights. For example, a 1997 ad addressing abortion is accompanied by the tagline “It is a woman’s right to choose. After all, she’s the one carrying it.” Above this text is a picture of two handbags. Ben and Jerry’s has used its ice cream to generate awareness, coming up with unique flavors and donating profits from their sales to various causes. Phish Food is one notable flavor, a chocolate and marshmallow one named after the band Phish, and its profits go towards environmental efforts in the Lake Champlain, N.Y./Vt. area. In 2002 One Sweet Whirled, named after a Dave Matthews Band song, emerged and partnered with SaveOurEnvironment.org to fight global warming and get people to reduce their CO2 emissions. Hubby Hubby, a 2009 flavor renaming of their popular Chubby Hubby, celebrated the legalization of gay and lesbian marriage in the brand’s home state of Vermont and raised awareness of this issue across the country. In addition to brand partnerships there are event partnerships.
Take your baby to have her feet measured every six to eight weeks. She will grow about two shoes sizes a year, so she’ll need new shoes fairly frequently. Continue to have your baby’s feet measured this regularly until she is about four years old. After this you can get them measured every three months.
Oh well, I bought it now and I aint returning it, I'd look like a proper muppet. The brewers from this 'O' brewery must be cool anyway, cos their label is covered in proper Egyptian graffiti innit. It had a real cool name. I poured it out and it was proper dark innit, it was like a Guinness me dad drinks.
The plot was all fainting spells and sulfur smoke. Young Rodolphe is enslaved by a sorceror Hertzog, who must grant the Devil the soul of one innocent every New Years Eve. Rodolphe saves a white dove from peril which just happens to be a good witch in disguise -- Stalacta, Fairy Queen of the Golden Realm -- who rescues him and sends all the bad guys straight to Hell. Damn it, why hasnt this thing been revived? I smell Tonys!
Before Viet Khang, only a handful young Vietnamese oversees knew about the atrocities committed by the Communist Party. Now, Vietnamese people across the continents, young and old alike, are now conscious of the dire situation that the Party has put the country into. As young Vietnamese living oversees, what can we do about it? As individuals who are shut out from the Communist system, it may feel like we are powerless in dealing with the Communist Party. This however, is a misconception.
*za’atar (a delicious middle eastern spice that is so yummy in hummus)
I got a little mention, and a LOVELY write-up, here. I was really overwhelmed, and came across the link in my stats. They made me feel like I had something relevant to say, and although its a shame that that post isn't in my usual style (so I worry that I come across a bit emotional and paranoid to new readers), I was really buzzy when I read my name in the list of recommended parenty-blogs!
"For what we are about to recieve, make us truly gratefully," Tom said gracefully.
and have loads of UFO's that need a better
This lovable city was voted China’s most liveable one in 2009, and I can certainly see why – part of me does envy our ELA friends down there. Qingdao has definitely won over this wàiguórén with its charms.
This should help us in the summer too with the air conditioning and keeping the house cooler for my breathing in hot weather. We are so blessed. The Creator has certainly blessed us this past year and I am thankful for all.
Some of the azaleas came through the freeze unscathed. One ‘Red Ruffle’ that I transplanted a few days before the freeze looks great. The one next to it that I moved there a couple of weeks ago is showing an unhealthy gray-green color. Hopefully, that’s not bad news. This Red Formosa in the photo below is apparently more cold sensitive than most. Lots of tips are freezer-burned.
Our children recently watched the Beatles animated film Yellow Submarine. They loved it and began acting out the stories and characters in imaginative play. As a Beatle fan, I have the Beatles records and their other films in the house. Over the past few weeks we’ve also watched A Hard Days Night and Help!
world get? When you come right down to it, an old-style Chicago Democrat – a man whose prime instinct is to make any deal as long as it will keep him on top. To be fair to him – not that I have any great urge to do so, fairness is overrated, something for that wimp in whose head I’m condemned to silently rage most of the time – much of the past three years have been spent dealing with the various messes that his idiot predecessor left to him. But really, Obama has proved to be so ready to make compromises, has been so flexible that he’s
Google the term “Libyan prisoners released” to see the various news reports.
Go Colts.
":D @BostonMaggie Twenty tweets to me? You know, obsessive compulsive disorders can be treated with medication now."
At best we can make an imperfect offering, but an offering nonetheless. Orbinski says, “. . . no one can do everything, but everyone can do something.”
At my Bailey's stop, I eschewed all the beers I would normally try--hoppy, rare, exotic, etc.--for Ninkasi Schwag, the latest experiment in a craft-brewed light lager. It follows the now roaringly-successful Full Sail Session and a spate of summertime brewpub offerings; it's not exactly Busch Lite, but at 10 IBUs, it ain't exactly Total Domination, either.
What type of water boss you use will depend on the pH of your water. To find out that information book a free water test today.
N.B. The cola didn't really do anything to my toilet. I don't know if that's because it wasn't regular cola rather than diet.. or if I've just been reading silly things online.
Monday, I had a fabulous yoga class where my mind was completely focused on the task at hand. I wasn’t thinking about anything else other than my breath and my poses. It was awesome. Tuesday’s workout was to be 4 miles at goal pace (8:20). Stella and I took for for a 5 miler with a 9:00 minute mile warm up and then I was right at 8:20s for the rest of my run. I was pleased with this because it was starting to get hot out there.
Using a low speed, add flour mixture in three addition. Mixing just enough to wet the dry ingredients. Do not overmix!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
A recent study published in the journal Solid Earth, which used data from over 6,000 earthquakes, confirms the expectation of larger quakes in closer proximity to the Fukushima Daiichi site. In part, this conclusion is predicated on the discovery that the earthquake that initiated last year’s disaster caused a seismic fault close to the nuclear plant to reactivate.
Instead of run away, Junsu walk closer to that man with eyes glue to the cold one.
In addition to Josh’s good news, I received recently an invite to join Sarah Hobbs at Jackson Fine Art for a book signing event. Her new book, Small Problems in Living, is an extraordinary collection of images that “are the product of an ongoing exploration into our neurotic tendencies. Hobbs’s work explores phobias and obsessive-compulsive disorders and how we attempt to deal with them. Set in domestic spaces, the images illustrate the idea that even the most comfortable spaces can house our uneasiness. A compilation of three series, the book allows the viewer to see the work as a whole in order to gain a full understanding of Hobbs’ intent to explore the human psyche and relish the idea that we are all beautifully flawed.”
- my dh reads her some books (with music playing)
i feel a sense of discomfort for societies perception…
Wow, all that work outside in the sunshine really crisped my neck! I am now officially a redneck!! :)
The world is used to bad news and always has been, but now and then there occurs something so brutal, so outside the normal limits of what used to be called man’s inhumanity to man, that you have to look away. Then you force yourself to look and see and only one thought is possible: This must stop now. You wonder, how can we do it? And your mind says, immediately: Whatever it takes.
1,945 years after Paul’s final visit to Jerusalem, the world is still shaking its head being cumbered with so many religions. These religions are waring and debating its merits and demerits. One is confused until accepting the person and work of Jesus Christ for personal salvation. The, God provides spiritual discernment.
being mistaken for one of the kids.
Source: Dispatch online
This is a TWO-Day hop so, be sure to catch both days for maximum celebration and ideas.
anyway, this is what they looked like to begin with:
Chand’s charming story is accompanied by equally cute drawings by Sarah Shaw. The pictures remind me of the styles used in comic books, which I think is quite appropriate given the premise that Honey is a superhero. Honey gives little ones the feel of comic book “save the day” heroes, minus the “bam”, “pow”, and “crack” of comics for older kids and adults.
MOG lets you play through the Roku at the $4.99 subscription price, but Rdio requires the $9.99 sub. But when you think you get nearly all new music for $9.99 a month, that’s a fantastic deal.
With the removable tray and space for line winders down each side this could have be designed for earlier tackle or even for the sea angler? Until someone puts me straight on this I shall picture this in Willow Pitch with a motionless angler perched on top with a Ambidex and Hardy L R H No 2 in hand.
Flavor: After the first refreshing sensation there was a rush by the sweet promise of the aromas and a sharp hop tang. Both graciously yielded to a non-aggressive stance. The second sip brought out some citric accents of grapefruit just for a brief moment. The third swallow brought out the floral accents that the sweet flavors had been hiding. The late entrance is rather dramatic and very welcome.
I am out of time now. I have to get on the bike as I have to build the miles for the 50-mile ride in June.
The color I chose is a slate gray.
Red and Black are two of my favorite colors! Purple too but I don't seem to use that too much?
I learned the hard way that when he goes to war—I face my own war at home. His war is physical, mine is emotional. Unlike my son, trained and confident, I was unaware and unprepared for the emotional battle that takes place in your heart and mind when your child goes to a war zone.
Here's my theory: The editors calling the shots at the big US publishing houses are all in the pay of the US television industry. TV tried to kill the printed word for decades, with a great deal of success, but there was always a diehard core of readers who refused to be defeated. Finally the TV execs have come up with a plan--if the industry refuses to die, it must be induced to commit suicide.
Chris Dee
What has happened in Massachusetts is that people are now paying the fine because health insurance is so expensive. And you have a pre-existing condition clause in yours, just like Barack Obama.
Picket fence and heart cut with my cricut expression - My community and Wedding carts
Next up, Part III: "Many Beers Had I"
For a limited time only I will critique your child's artwork or story they've made up. The cost will be $10.00 for three; yep, you heard it right...THREE pieces of artwork and/or stories. Two stories and one drawing of the outside of the house with your whole family standing outside? No problem. Three stories...even if written in crayon -- heck, I'll take them all on.
"Dinner in three minutes."
What I love:
Remember how I said that I was learning Wordpress? Well, Saturday, I was poking around, figuring things out, when I accidentally initiated a switch in my blog hosts. I was on Blogger, and now, I'm on Wordpress.
“It’s also true,” he adds, “that if no one wants to talk about something, then that’s probably the very thing you should be talking about.”
and she pays attention to details. Birthdays are to be celebrated and
Prieto Sprin
Why do I need three worksheets automatically generated when I create a new workbook? I don’t. I see so many workbooks with “Sheet1” full of data while “Sheet2” and “Sheet3” are sitting there sad and empty. As an auditor, I need to spend my precious minutes checking those other two sheets just to make sure there is nothing I wouldn’t want in a locked-down audit file. Plus, creating a new sheet when needed is easy enough that Excel should really only give you one to start with.
To bask in the moonlight, and I will
After that, I added fresh room temperature egg whites to the almond and powdered sugar mixture, and then folded in the meringue mixture in three batches. After filling a pastry bag with the batter, then piping out the macaron shells on a silpat-lined baking sheet, I let them sit for 20 minutes before baking. This is supposed to give them a nice shell, and also help in forming the "feet" (the puffy, frilly bottoms that form while baking).
MARVELLOUS!!!
It’s amazing the number of humans who don’t understand the elementary concept of retribution. The principle is set out very clearly in your holy books. If people circulate malicious pamphlets about you, your response should be to circulate equally malicious pamphlets about them. There was plenty of mud that Ronald could have thrown at that incongruous pair of upstarts. He might have made the point that they were uncommonly ugly and very slovenly in their dress. And why had a man and woman who spent so much time together not mated and produced offspring? It seemed very suspicious to me. Did the man have erectile dysfunction? Did the woman suffer from vaginismus? The facts are unclear, but there would have been no harm in drawing attention to these possibilities in a crisply worded prospectus. Once a million of these had been circulated and read, I’m sure that everyone would have forgotten about the scurrilous charge of poisoning the customers.
as of late that is something I have been doing.
birds beasts fish shellfish
The formula is gel-like, clear, and unscented.
*Do You Smile often?
4. LoL is full of armies, but of only 3-4 kinds of units tops. DoW, you have access to an entire plethora of… okay, there’s a giant spider, many guns, chainswords, and mutant horrors. and that’s a 3rd of the units I can have.
It may be we shall rise the last as Frenchmen rose the first,
Then I did just what the Tandy guy said.. I used Loctite Epoxy gel.
Stat-wise it’s got okay attack, but pretty bad Speed, though it can learn Sucker Punch to sort of make up for that. Its signature move (before Gen V) is Spider Web, which is the Bug equivalent of Mean Look
But if, baby, I’m the bottom,
Bron-Yr-Aur Stomp
A few pictures (All taken by the incredibly talented Angie Moon Photographer) I wanted to share with you from the absolute best, most beautiful, most perfect day of my whole life....
The first lady's office confirmed that the pictures showed were indeed the First Moocher!
(This world)
AND (for those who understand Italian) here is the phone call asserting command (it starts a short way in). The furious voice speaking in beautiful Tuscan is from the Capitaneria , the Neapolitan voice ordered to put its mouth in front of the telephone and speak up, is that of the captain of the Concordia.
People approaching the coffin drop in a coin of real money (I wondered if I should make a wish) and there is a coin between his lips---his wife had to wash her eyes before she gazed on him
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
If your followers are interested in erotic romance, I’ve got two paranormal titles with Cobblestone Press that have received rave reviews, (Dhampir Desire series) and a contemporary title with Total-E-Bound called Give it to Me Spicy.
3. EMOTIONAL REASONING: the illusion that whatever one feels must necessarily be true.
OK... so I really wanted to document this whole process with photos, but there were a couple factors involved in my failure to do that. 1) I was a nervous WRECK because I was, with the help of some friends and the cooperation of the entire cross-country/distance track team, planning and trying desperately to pull off a surprise party for Anders, so I was really busy, and 2) I'm out of practice so I just... forgot. See, I finally found this amazing recipe for a classic vanilla, yellow cake, which I used, and I wanted so badly to share it with everyone. And I will! My birthday is two weeks from tomorrow, and I'm planning on making cupcakes with this recipe for my classes (because I'm 22 going on 7 apparently), so I will post it then! I promise!
Very quickly, feelings of antagonism emerged against those who didn’t support the strike – those who might betray them. A miner who continued working, or who broke the strike was labelled ‘a scab’. These men became outcasts; there was no mercy shown. This is probably when my feelings came into play. I have a tendency to sympathise with the persecuted.
"But moooooam! We ALWAYS go to Goodwill and they don't have toys. We always get furniture!"
My coach, Adam, is pretty much awesomesauce, and when I come up with a hair-brained idea, he's usually all behind it (or else he tells me I'm insane, but knows that I'll do it anyway). I'm pretty stubborn, and I like to convince him that my ideas were his ideas all along. Seriously, he couldn't charge enough to have to deal with me.
I just sort of smiled and said, “I don’t know, I guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
You and I, frozen there, after a war
Since our couple hate each other and are sick of spending so much time together, Eun Jae devices a plan to end their relationship. How about she gets injured while saving his life so that she’ll be admitted to the hospital forcing him to get a new bodyguard? So they go to some abandoned building in her hometown where she’d hit him with a baseball bat and then somehow get herself hurt. The moment she bashes him in the back, some dude sees the door open and locks them in. Then slapstick jokes you can see coming from a mile away start to happen. Like they can’t get cellphone reception anywhere but outside the window so she climbs on him and stretches her hand outside and of course she drops her phone. And then he suggests that she try to climb out of the window and she gets stuck. I’m so shaking my head at the things one has to do for an acting role these days.
Dove Save $1/1 Men+Care Body and Face Wash 13.5oz+ ets or Save $1/1 Active Clean Shower Tool (4/22)
I've seen it on a few men's faces too, but the asymmetric nature of tango means it's less likely. The ladies are often better dancers than the gentlemen. The boys usually have more choice of partner than the girls. The leaders have more control over where they're going than the followers. But it happens.
You’d think that after all the recent speculation surrounding her relationship with Simon Cowell outside of ‘X Factor‘, Dannii Minogue wouldn’t want to get anywhere near him. But now she is considering a return to the show’s judging panel, and is in negotiations with ‘ITV‘ to replace unpopular stand-in Kelly Rowland.
“Come here my child.” Father James held his arms out to her, motioning for her to quickly come to him. “We must hurry before the demons find you here.”
I have since spent my evenings crocheting the border round the outside.....I like to do 2 rows of each colour in double crochet to give a nice wide band and as you can see last night I finished it :-) I'm so thrilled with the finished result too. Can't you just see a summer baby wrapped in those sherbety colours?
I would swim all day, play cards with my Grandpa.
The Burnaby Pathfinders returned for a Sunday work out and as usual there smiles lite up both the pigs and mine day. They planted a few privacy bushes for me, swept the driveway, helped load the truck for a dump run, fixed fences and picked up manure from the horses pasture. The highlight for me is wrap up time when the kids race in all directions to the animals they have connected with to hand out love and goodies. Great bunch of girls and of course reflects the Team Leaders .
A dummy is a plain-paper mock-up of a book that shows the size, paper quality, possibly the real cover, and other physical aspects. In novelty books, it shows paper-engineering features such as flaps, gatefolds and pop-ups. You'll see these dummies at book fairs. They are made by the publisher (or paper engineer) and you don't need to worry about them as a writer - unless you are also a paper engineer, of course.
What is everyone up to this weekend? TGIF! xoxo.
I used BM's Moonshine as my gray color for the walls, and used my existing white paint I had for the trim and pieces we built. When I picked up the paint from Benjamin Moore, I also grabbed their paint cards so that I could continually go back and compare the color blue and pink that I wanted for accent colors. I had the paint swatch card in my wallet and pulled it out and compared it for anything and everything that I bought to go into the nursery. It was such a great way to stay within my color palette
and i started to freak out. i couldn't hear anything as i clutched my chest and kept saying, "my baby. my baby. my baby." i couldn't get to her. i was frozen with fear as the tent lifted higher, until the legs were practically parallel with the ground. i wanted to run to my husband and my daughter, but i was afraid that if i left, something would happen. i don't know what i feared. maybe that i would get picked up like dorothy, or get hit by some chair flying through the air. my friends teenage son kept trying to assure me that things were going to be ok. my step mom held me with one free arm, while she gripped the tent with the other. i heard bella crying, faintly behind me. and i started to sob. joel yelled, "justine, get in here!". as the wind died down a little, i ran into our tent. bella was sitting on the ground, in only her diaper, screaming. joel was trying his hardest to secure the tent, as it wrapped around them like a venus fly trap.
(It was really scary for the kids at first.) Some of the rays are bigger than you. And there is a glass window at one point of the experience that is filled with sharks. They can't get you, but it feels like your swimming with them. We watched them getting fed under the water. So cool.
Fatalii 0/2
We walked the trails and down by the river enjoying the sun, the park, the birds, and the company. It was a perfect day and for it, and the Christmas weekend, I am grateful.
She is one of the most independent babies I have ever known. She insists on doing everything herself--which makes mealtime quite fun (insert sarcasm here!). She still doesn't like her spoon and without any teeth, I feel like some days I scramble around for foods that she will eat. And one day she might love something only to spit it out the next. She has been doing better at night but we are still patiently awaiting when she will sleep the whole way through. She used to sleep through most of the night but now when she rolls on her belly, she stirs around and then pops up to start crawling. Then that leads to standing up. Which leads to....well you get the point.
Gregg at Gospel-Driven Disciples is someone who provides some intensely thoughtful Bible study, but also knows how to have a good time when he lightens the mood on his blog. Gregg has been another long-time friend to me.
Here are our picks for Top 3 this week:
Wow, I can't believe it's December already and the Christmas holidays are right around the corner! The older I get, the more time seems to fly right on by. I'm not a big fan of the cold Winter months, so I'm crossing my fingers they fly right on by in a wink of an eye. However, in reality, Winter is the only time of year that never seems to fly by for me....it just drags on and on until I don't think I can take it any longer. Since I'm living in a new place this year, I've decided to find a nice sunny space to spend some serious time hibernating in. Sunshine in the Winter is about the only thing that makes me feel better. Nothing beats working in a patch of sunshine on a cold Winter day surrounded by some happy plants.
37. Midnight Express (Billy Hayes) – Brilliant. This movie stays with you forever.
40.404062 , 93.633678
Johnson did all her fundraising on Twitter. Di keeps us posted on Facebook. Say what you will about social networks, at times like these they're worth their weight in megabytes.
No. None of those things. If those were its only crimes then it would be merely down there among my most irritating films - alongside Madagascar - yeuch - or the disappointing Shrek 3.
Perhaps our dreams can only be appreciated and savored fully when achieving them takes all that we have got. Perhaps we are to walk those lonely and difficult paths to learn those vital lessons that will become our old age wisdom. Maybe if I would have been granted all that I wanted at an early age, I would never have been where I am now nor would I have seen what I have seen. Additionally, I would have not appreciated what I have been blessed with so passionately and valued it so strongly. Maybe the best is worth waiting for.
Scallop Circle Punch
TM: I’m delighted to run on my record.
Aaron’s application to liquidate the SABC, which was filed on Friday, is due to be heard by the Johannesburg High Court tomorrow afternoon.
I have been trying to play along with 2S4Y.
Happy Sunday, campers!
Our coverage has sparked a huge nationwide debate, with critics rubbishing the EDL as racist thugs and supporters claiming they are raising legitimate concerns among British people.
Clearly, folly has its attractions. Therefore on May 31st I will be incorporating this talk into a one day event in Bristol on integrated marketing.
Sad Songs and Waltzes by Willie Nelson
If during the term of the agreement the licensee sells that part of his operations that is significant to the licensed technology, a third party acquires that part of the licensee’s operations, or if a competition of the licensor takes an equity position of sufficient percentage in the licensee or is able to obtain access to the licensed technology in any other way, the licensor will have the right to terminate the licence within a period of 90-120 days.
-1 (10.5 oz. can) of chicken broth (I have a measuring cup that is able to measure in ounces, so I bought a big box of broth and just measured it out)
I MESSED IT UP!
I picked up a copy of Tiger Woods 2011 for under $20. Frustrated with the fact that I still haven’t opened all of the courses on Tiger Woods 08 I decided not to wait for Christmas morning and opened my new Tiger Woods 2011 as soon as I received it. Actually, I tried to beat Daly and a few other seemingly impossible Tiger 08 Challenges one more time then I opened it. And right after I got through the whole initial set up, you know, where you spend 3 hours making your avatar (and I still can’t settle on a hairstyle,) I began having connection issues.
Today I was at my local shops and popped into the local Chinese grocery. I love it there because it has different foods and lots of things we use day to day like vermicelli noodles, 2 minute noodles, Asian sauces and even some sweet treats at great prices.
I haven't posted any recipes or knitting for a while, but I hope to get back on track with things soon.
it used to look like this:
“TEMPERANCE WORK. A society temperance pledge may be hung upon the wall, with the signatures of all members upon it. Plan for temperance meetings long in advance, and make them as strong as possible. Introduce into every temperance meeting some account of recent temperance victories, and the progress of the movement. Obtain addresses now and then from temperance enthusiasts. Learn what are the temperance laws of your own State and community, and how they are kept. How long since your town held a temperance mass-meeting? Plan one and hold it. Why should not the temperance committee learn, for the information of voters, the position as to temperance of the candidates before the people for election” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, p. 584).
It’s really very simple. Trust in God. Have faith in Jesus. BELIEVE!! I know Jesus lives. I have faith that He is interceding for me with God! I am so grateful for that fact because I have messed up ROYALLY on numerous occasions! Yet, He forgives me, every single time that I ask for forgiveness, He forgives me. He is faithful to answer my prayers.
So expect things to finally start picking up. Posts will go back on and . . . drum rolls please.
After trying on a few Hanboks on Gwen, finally we found one which she likes. The Hanbok was quite expensive. It cost Rp260k (around RM80).
The shooter said he lives alone but that his buddy was at the apartment when the home invasion happened. Asked why the intruder might have chosen his door to bust open, he said he has electronics worth a couple of thousand dollars that the intruder may have wanted.
The Durango Wine Experience has continued to grow from its inception. Now in its fifth year, the wine fest has an expanded schedule.
I did design, cut out, sand, and paint the trees bushes, lake, cave and ground. I will post about that later.
So I know other people who talk about writing in gratitude journals, taking walks at sunrise for inspiration, taking time to think and ponder on the meaning of life, finding time to exercise, wanting to make sure that they spend as much time as they can as a family without TV, video, or computer. I feel a pang of guilt, because I feel I am not being a deep person, not making life meaningful for my children, not facilitating their sense of self and spirituality. I feel guilty that I'm not spending more time with them.
Help!!
Jaeger-LeCoultre is today widely regarded as one of the most innovative players in the watch making industry. Having played a prominent role in the history of watch making, and producing distinctive, luxury and often unique watches Jaeger-LeCoultre watches often wins awards as chosen by the public and expert panels alike.
This brings us to one of the central scripture passages describing the work of the founding of the House of Prayer:
1 dash of Grenadine.
Makeup: Mark Coulier & J. Roy Helland, The Iron Lady
The Greyfriar by Clay & Susan Griffith - This is first in the Vampire Empire series that is a ball of Pulp, Steampunk, and Alternative History goodness. Some people like to talk smack about vampires, but this is a novel that even a jaded reader will find plenty to like. The romance aspect seemed off to me, but otherwise it was a rollicking adventure. Highly recommended.
Finally, if you are reviewing the 360 appraisal of a trainee, please don’t tell them it must be perfect – it is unrealistic, unreasonable, and results in a charade which helps no-one.
I found a generic recipe on the internet, so essentially it went like this:
Have a wonderful Fall (even though it will be in the 80s here) weekend!!!
So anyways, Pearl has seen a black duck on a green planet on her extra-terrestrial tarot cards, or something, which obviously means that Oriana’s uncle, the Duke of Zill has gotten through some intergalactic impasse and has returned to their kingdom with an army of robots. Don't you just hate when family shows up unannounced? So inconvenient.
The wife got a little part time job over Christmas to help out and it was suppose to only last till January but she did them such a good job they decided to kept her. She went from 15 hours a week to 40.
Chesed is the Hebrew word that is commonly translated as loving-kindness. Chesed appears in the Hebrew bible 248 times and is rendered in the English translations most commonly as: mercy, kindness, lovingkindness, goodness, etc. If you have a Strong’s concordance, you can up H2617 to see all the scripture references.
Functional buttons at back
7. Proofing information - do you need a printed mock-up or will a PDF work just fine?
Lo and Behold, what I can do is teach him how to be respectful, compassionate, a few manly things ( predicated on how I think a man ought to act ), how to live for Jesus Christ, manners etc. and I can use my own experiences to do that!
Event hours are Noon to 9 p.m. Friday and Saturday, and Noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Admission into the event is free. The purchase of a $6 reusable, compostable cornstarch glass is required for tasting beer, as are tokens, which sell for $1 apiece. A full glass of beer or cider costs four tokens and a four-ounce taste costs one token; select beers cost double tokens. Patrons receive a $1 discount toward the tasting glass with a validated MAX ticket, a ticket from the onsite bike corral, or three cans of food for the Oregon Food Bank. The festival benefits the Leukemia Lymphoma Society and the Oregon Food Bank.
I truly felt it was important to me to hold on to whatever normalcy I had, that being a place to go to for work. I needed the routine. I also strongly felt that I more than knew the business as I’d run it with Rob for 17 years, but this new venture being a retail franchise Firestone had only been in effect since Sept. 1999 for me. I mentioned the tire recall earlier in my posts and that was devastating to our bottom line, but I felt that if I just worked hard enough, got good employees, did great work and ran it honestly and to the best of my abilities, that I could turn things around.
Melanie sat cross-legged on the double bed in a puddle of pale blue sheets, her laptop between her knees. A wave of disapproval seemed to come from Alexander’s ashes in the urn atop the dresser, but she could not tell if the censure was directed at her, the unmade bed, or the so very ordinary photos sliding by on her computer screen.
Lawns: It is still a great time to apply a Winterizer fertilizer to the lawn. This fertilizer will help keep your cool season turf greener, even in the coldest part of the year.
The reality is that President Obama is pushing for energy sources that are older than modern oil and nuclear which he opposes, that President Obama's attempt to force us to railroads and away from cars it the kind of anti-progress sentiment that one could expect from a Luddite, and that his theories about global warming have long-since been discredited by now, and that his examples of backwardness are in fact either made-up or forward looking in reality.
Cherishing what we have from above
1: Well Kenya do me a favour? I’d like to get my piano re-keyed
They will also offer referrals to, or help in locating medical, legal and financial assistance. Counselors will also help you connect to transgender groups that support transgender individuals and families through shared experiences.
Acts 8:26 – An angel spoke to the Apostle Philip.
At the first sign of decent weather (yes, we have had a little) Hubby and youngest son sprang into action and fenced off the bottom third of the garden: The chix were confined to barracks. We’re lucky enough to have a fairly big garden, so the chix get to free range to their hearts’ content, within limits. A few days’ power-washing and the patio is as good as new. A bit of tidying around the flower beds, wood chip applied and the garden’s looking fit again. Oh, and the heucheras have survived and are growing fast: The chicken poo has compensated the garden for the ravaging.
I do hope you have all enjoyed your Easter, and welcome to another challenge here at Lexi's Creations.
He insisted people examine themselves so they would really know if they were walking in the light or not. Sometimes what people think is light is really darkness.
Takeaways:
The day Jas left we started off our morning at La Mie...He had to have one really good pastry before he left:)
It is all I know.
SOPA would make the streaming of unauthorized content a felony and websites that violate it could be blocked by Internet Service providers and payment processors as well as de-indexed by search engines.
Rutland
Book week is an example where the focus of the community engagement is on literacy, but it also helps build social capital. This year’s theme is “One World, Many Stories,” which lends itself to themes of social inclusion, accepting difference and creating belonging. The book parade helps to bring people together and build a sense of community in the school. All of which are important in social capital.
Measure out scant teaspoons of dough and shape into balls. Drop balls one at a time into sanding sugar, tossing and turning to coat completely. One baking sheet is full, place in freezer for 5-10 minutes (chilling the dough helps the cookies keep their cute shape in the oven). Bake cookies for 10-13 minutes.
The Lecce province is a region rich in history and in agriculture. In fact, it is Italy's most prolific and abundant farming region - as evidenced at the Farmers Market (which also serves as a giant roving department store) where many of the local farmers sell their cherries, apricots, herbs and vegetables. Did I mention there were zucchini flowers?
it's about the One who came to save us. Give us life. not just life forever, but life on earth. That in the midst of game changers, He is constant, and he is with me and he is unshakeable.
6. Aloha Oe
TLDR Don’t Watch This: pseudo-wincest… wait, shouldn’t that be for “watch”?
Brightcove Inc., a leading global provider of cloud content services, provides a family of products used to publish and distribute the world’s professional digital media. The company’s products include Brightcove Video Cloud, the market-leading online video platform, and Brightcove App Cloud, a pioneering content app platform. More than 3,600 customers in over 50 countries rely on Video Cloud to build and operate media experiences across PCs, smartphones, tablets and connected TVs.
At 5, we went down to sign up for diving. We met with Ernest, one of the owners (Kath and Ernest are from northern England and started Angel Island in 2002. And he informed us that we were, in fact, the only guests at the moment, this being the Komodo rainy season. Their next scheduled guests would arrive on our departure date, so we’d have the run of the island for our entire time. And we did – but it didn’t mean they skimped on staff or attention. We were informed that we could have our meals brought to the room if we’d prefer, rather than eat with the mosquitoes in the restaurant. So we did.
Anyway, the picture above is one I got last night while a friend and I were wandering round York, camera's and tripods in hand trying to capture something of the beauty of the city. Really is quite nice at night with the clear sky, relatively warm air and the occasional group of tourists being escorted around on one of the many ghost walks. I think I might do this more often, particularly at the beginning of the week when the pubs and clubs, and streets even, fill with people after a more alcohol-fueled view of the city.
Evan Harris (pictured) has campaigned for some years for the legalisation of assisted suicide through both the British Medical Association and also as a back-bencher in Parliament, but with little success. Interestingly he lost his West Oxford and Abingdon seat in the general election earlier this year on a large swing to a candidate who opposed his views on a number of ethical issues.
Shania
it's a vicious cycle, people. I'm eating all my words, when i was a single onlooker to moms with picky eaters.
Lunch dates with my rad mates.
Just was not ready for something so simple,
patient about my sensitivities. After all,
It's a real modern dilemma, the sort of thing Shaw would have written a good play about.
A new project between the universities of Reading and Oxford has seen the establishment of a Professional Development Consortium in MFL. The aim of the consortium is to close the divide between what research indicates are the principles of effective language teaching and learning, and current practice within the MFL curriculum. The project has been awarded funding by the Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC), one of only a very few to be supported by the fund each year.
Its quaint events were hammered out--
1223. Mundy’s After Show Frittata Sandwich @ The House (Brigatine, NJ) 3:12 a.m.
If you’re miserable in your job, do yourself and everyone else a favor: quit.
We hadn’t been out that many times but we had built a strong connection through all the ways we stayed in touch. Because he was away so much, every time we hung out meant that much more and we didn’t take it for granted. I actually loved the whole arrangement. I did me while he was away – I hung out with friends, worked, whatever…and throughout the day I’d get an email or two. Maybe a text, and always a phone call before bed. One of the weeks he was in town he asked to make me dinner… In his home!!! He’d mentioned, on many occasions, how much he enjoyed cooking. Other than rotten-tomatoed nachos, I’ve never had someone want to prepare a meal for me. For some reason it made me nervous. You see, I’m a human garbage dump. I eat almost everything. What if he made something, the one thing in this world, that made me barf real chunks all over his table and chairs? *single blink* He told me to trust him, so I did.
After a week of Lagers in beaut Chiang Mai I was craving a good 'ol ale! Had a stein of the Dunkel to start off nice roasty choc malt on the nose and a faint noble hop aroma. Wow... on the mouth full it was very malty and caramelly in taste and smooth as! It was more like a robust porter beer than a German style Dunkle. The Weizen was very nice too! Big banana and clove notes on the nose true to style, very cold creamy and refreshing going down as a good Weizen should be! It filled me up quite quickly though due to the wheat malts and having close to a litre of Dunkle before! Now the Lager....Now this was a big surprise! No big hop aroma but a subtle scent of a noble hop was there along with a good fresh somewhat pilsner malt grain tone. Mmmmm....nice and cold going down like a Lager should be with a awesome very well balanced bitter after taste! Easily the best lager I had on my Malaysia/Thailand trip! I can see why this was the most favored brew at the venue! Could of drank it all night...and almost did!
After a time, another neighbor behind me began strumming on his electric guitar. Nothing acutely disruptive and dissonant (ala Jimi Hendrix acid), just something quiet and easy and in complete harmony with the evening and the bonfire and the rising moon and the snuffling horse and the otherwise quietude of a natural landscape.
The money fog is almost always worse when we’re using credit cards, because the spending is often unconscious. In other words, you don’t really have to think about it, you just hand over your card without even considering what the balance already is. Provided you’re not at your limit you can easily do a day of retail therapy, or compulsive shopping, without giving the total amount spent another thought! You can just shop until you drop! Whilst you can also be in the money fog when using cash or debit cards, reality is closer at hand! You will either run out of money, need another trip to the money machine, or your debit card or EFT POS card will be rejected. Your spending therefore has to be, if not completely , at least partially, conscious.
I would say my jeans..
One case in particular was significant in getting this law changed. It was the death of Satoru Kobayashi.
And it’s OK to do nice things for myself. I get massages a couple of times a month. I get my nails done weekly. I make time for the occasional pedicure. I connect with my friends, who are scattered geographically, more often than before. And I ask for their help.
Georgia Bragg’s mid-grade book, How They Croaked; The Awful Ends of the Awfully Famous (Walker & Co.) is the perfect example of how a writer can take a common subject and give it a twist. Think you know everything there is to know about icons like Columbus, Mozart and Washington? Think again. Bragg brings you the gruesome, gory, yucky truth about their last days.
Your Excellency:
Use this logos moi has presented for without use of that ethos (mainly limelighting is USELESS), any directed pathos FAILS! Injured civilians in marches does nothing! Use the legal method!
Yuri Gagarin
He latched onto me this trip and wouldn't leave my side.
Paragraph 5 states: Whenever the lawful use of force and firearms is unavoidable, law enforcement officials shall:
There’s a kind of automatic tendency to believe that decisions have to be difficult, especially the big decisions. It almost seems gratifying to mull things over, to think-think-think, to puzzle through, to agonize.
2. Go to DIY place, realise I have left measurement behind.
SteamKu, is quite simply, "Droll Haiku on the subject of Steampunkery."
She stilled, then started messaging my shoulders. “You’re so tense, lay down a sec-“
April 6: New podcast with Rice Freeman-Zachery posted now on her blog Notes from the Voodoo Lounge and on Create Mixed Media where we catch up on all the live events for my book release from last week, talk about the events coming up, discuss just what exactly a Twitter party is, and talk about our plans to start and co-host a call-in radio show.
But as presently constituted, I'm still anxious to see how far the Rangers can go in these upcoming playoffs. And yes, I do have expectations. But I couldn't be in any more agreement than I am with Coach Torts when he says, right now ignorance is bliss. I do not want the Rangers thinking about sixteen wins. I merely want their minds on the next three periods. That's where our success has been.
Is of no more significance than the color of his eyes -
Incidentally I only found out this week after a few rounds of email chat that Ian who runs Black Acre is also El-Eye from pioneering Bristolian Hip-hop crew Aspects. This revelation comes with news that they have a new album dropping pretty soon too. This is their latest single produced by Akira Kiteshi who was perhaps my first introduction to Black Acre.
At best I probably could have also finished Elixir and gotten through Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, if I hadn't lost that day.
Thanks to everyone who played along in last week's Mojo Madness contest! So many amazing cards - you all definitely started 2012 off with a bang! We're making our final selections and will be announcing our mojolicious picks from last week's contest on Wednesday, so be sure to check back then to see the winning cards!
What is your word of the year? Anyone have any big changes coming up that require a little trusting to get you through?
Loaded or shaved
The soundscape that accompanied the experience of these works added to the working assemblage of constructing their meaning. The juxtaposition of the well off, high middle class and the open display of the lower rungs of society and the resultant reactions were a jarring reminder of the socio-political landscape that we occupy in our contemporary urban landscape. “Images without sound are powerless to express horror”. [2] The exegesis of this horror is essential to begin a process of constituting the subject and the individual within this environment of the exhibition space. Allowing for an affective re-constitution that transforms both agents within this assemblage of meaning. There is a rebellious duty to disturb that is evident in each piece by Strauss. Art is meant to disturb and disrupt the status quo. In other words to question.
Hello Handmade Monday, haven't you come around fast? This week I have been juggling working with half term - 2 children and no formal childcare.
So this is the beautiful image of the day. These are actually little candle melts that look just like the candy peeps. Ok, I don't like to eat peeps, but the colors ... who can look at a row of marshmallow animals and not smile?
No, to the contrary.
For your chance to win BLOG CANDY, (a set that will be released NEXT month), visit and comment on each of the following design team members' blogs on July 13, 14, 15, and 16, 2010. On Saturday, (July 17, 2010), a winner will be chosen FOR EACH DAY from those participants who visited all the blogs listed for that day. ( There will be four different winners, one winner for each day.)
Next audiobook:
a sense of
Because of a mild winter in most of the country predictions are that it will be a banner year for fleas and ticks. I know that where we are (Oklahoma) we did not get cold enough-long enough to kill fleas and ticks outside. As if I needed to have a reminder of how bad a flea and tick season it will be, while I was writing today I saw a tick crawling on my laptop. This year I am taking the offensive on this problem. You see we have three wonderful dogs and a really cute kitty.
The terrorists from Hamas-occupied Gaza sent their wishes to the people of Israel this morning. This was no surprise gift, since they have been delivering them on a daily basis for years even while most people in most places look the other way.
The food was amazing and we were all so hungry after all those trips up and down the stairs, hauling boxes, etc. I went home and slept for 15 hours!
Scrapbook Heaven has done it again!! The Design Team has put together an amazing assortment of tutorials featuring flowers!! Have you ever wondered how to make the flowers you see on other peoples layouts? Join us for our 3 day on-line “FLOWER POWER” event and create flowers you will be proud to add to your next project!
Here are some fun tidbits for writers who feel stuck even before they start…
Those words are uttered by desperate private eye Brad Galt (Mark Stevens). He’s talking about the one lead that he’d hoped would get him out of a frame-up for murder; the one lead that’s just turned out to be another dead end. But those same words also go a long way towards defining the essence of Film Noir.
The china set has service for eight. There are a few missing teacups but everything else is in beautiful condition. I'm estimating the china to be from the late 1930's to early 1940's but I'm going to have to do some sleuthing up the family tree to know for sure.
Interviewer: Since you believe in democracy – what if a Copt presents his candidacy?
My connection to my far away family's tradition is that I duplicate the menu every year. The aunts didn't do it on their own. They haven't yet. We also have new traditions. We get together with friends who are like family. I am no longer doing it alone. My daughters have taken over the preparation of their favorite dishes.
Business people experiment all the time. They usually don’t know what people will value any more than you or I. They are following their hunches, observing and trying things to find something people value.
iv. He exhorts them as his children, as having begotten them in Christ, and threatens to come soon to Corinth to rebuke and punish these false, boastful, and puffed-up teachers (vers. 15-21)
The first of these occurred on the morning after her memorial service. I came down the stairs into my kitchen – my now meat-free kitchen – and smelled the unmistakable aroma of freshly cooked bacon. The only other person in my house was my son, who was sleeping upstairs, and we are too far from the neighbours for anything to have drifted from their kitchens to ours. Now, if you knew Traci, then you know of her undying affection for bacon, and I can only think that smelling the bacon that morning was a little wry humour on her part, or maybe the universe on her behalf, telling me, Everything is going to be okay. There was another incident when a strong aroma provoked an association with Traci, which occurred to a friend, not to me, but before I get to that story, there is another one linked to it that I first described on March 27. Here’s a quick recap: Lisa, a friend from another city, sent me a photo of the orchids on her desk that had synchronistically opened on March 26, Purple Day, the International Day of Epilepsy Awareness, above Traci’s memorial service program.
So kiss my eyes until I get to sleep
I did a layout out of my precious flower, my granddaughter Michelle. She was having a blast in my backyard playing with the new toy I bought.
Sooo, I asked Goldie, "Who has the same dress and wore it to Children's Hour?"
I don't yet have everything I'd like from the new mini so I took my colour inspiration from one of the designer papers in there called Sweet Shop which I'll show you when I do have them! The colours are Lucky Limeade, Pool Party, Calypso Coral, Wisteria Wonder, Whisper White and Soft Suede. How lucky that we have another pack of papers in the Idea book and Catalogue using some of these colours: Domestic Goddess:
Without forgiveness there is only punishment.
The twist in the tale usually comes at the end of a story, but I might as well say it now: The twist in the tale is that Cain’s endeavours were being supervised by the Supreme Creator, who at the time of Cain’s banishment gave him some form of protection. God also proclaimed:
Just click on the above link to see the supply list....
He also sent him a purple robe and a crown of gold.
When it was time to take the children to the bathroom, it was decided that the girls would go with one teacher and the boys would go with the other. The young teacher assigned to the boys was waiting outside the men's room when one of the boys came out and told her that none of them could reach the urinal.
Fog : 10.4
York: Santorum may rise and make a splash
She shut all the blinds. She tightens all the windows. And crawls into the dark corners of herself.
OK. What am I going to do with all that fabric?
I'd better leave the second foot, don't think it belongs to this lamb. Goodness! Triplets! Another long floppy black lamb arrived, was unceremoniously swung around in the dark (to clear the airways of mucus) and laid next to Michelle who was alternating between washing the new arrival and giving birth. And then the third. The raw brutality of birth, slime and gore and three floppy black lambs sprawled in the hay. Michelle worked hard, licking industriously..and at last a tinny baaaa from each lamb that melted us all. The slime turned to black curly wool....the enormous legs started the struggle to stand. Three new lambs.
To disbelieve, but had to answer,
Dried prawns, 1 tablespoon, deep fried until crispy
The wizard requires you to step through and ultimately review "included" and "excluded" transactions, after which you finally get the point where you can either print the 1099s or use the eFile service.
A professional home inspection is critical in uncovering hidden issues. Be sure to do your homework!
Chef was stationed over at the far side of the green awaiting the shouted 'count down' which in fact served two purposes:
Suddenly wild crying started. It came in bouts – all through the rest of the evening. The crying felt like it belonged to someone having been freed from tremendous pressure and coercion.
For as long as I can remember, I wanted to work with kids in the foster care system...hoping one day to open one or more group foster homes...I had been seeking a volunteer position in several different organizations, but wasnt really feeling they "matched" me. By the suggestion of a few of my friends, I applied as a volunteer at CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate) of Collin County.
Greece could end up leaving the euro, but that would make their economic problems far, far worse and it would be very damaging to the rest of the eurozone as well.
The worst part, though is what they really don't tell you in those books about what you're supposed to be expecting during this glorious time is that a lot of this shit never goes away. Yes, that's right, that pregnancy induced Bells Palsy you acquired 10 years ago? That shit'll last a lifetime, it will.
- File size: no larger than 1MB for each image
A group representing Native American graduate students at the University of Michigan expressed hope the committee’s appointment would lead to the return of remains and artifacts to Indian tribes.
As long as I kept weight off my foot and didn’t overextend the nerves in my leg, I didn’t feel pain so much as discomfort and tingling. If I did anything to tweak the nerve in my heel, I’d yelp and wince in pain, so I was very careful.
From living memory the war to end
This has not been the best week so far. In fact, by now I'm not even optimistic that the next two days will be any better. Way to start the post on a high note, huh? Monday was really just your average Monday-- a few kinks to work out as we changed gears from "relax" to "back to the grind." We found a house we like this past weekend, but since we're complete house-buying novices (not to mention that we weren't actually in the market, but happened to come across a deal on a fixer-upper that was just too good to pass up) we ended up wasting a trip to the real estate office, only to find out that we have to get mortgage-approved before we can move forward. So really, the worst part of Monday was wasting a trip to Daphne for information we could just have easily gotten over the phone. But yesterday... oh, yesterday was when things really started going wrong.
If you find me at home means everything was meaningless and we were defeated.Even if nobody cares.
Still, Edwards' resume was far more eclectic than you'd think and he did produce some classics. His only competitive Oscar nomination came for writing the adapted screenplay for Victor/Victoria. He received two Emmy nominations for Peter Gunn, for writing and directing the same episode. He also earned a Directors Guild nomination for Breakfast at Tiffany's.
EYE PROBLEMS
No mohawk.
3) Mail: hand-printing your name, address, city, state, ZIP code, and daytime and evening telephone numbers (including area code) on a 3″ x 5″ card, and mailing, in a #10 envelope with postage affixed, to: Visa London 2012 Olympic Games Sweepstakes for Chase Sapphire, P. O. Box 997, Plainview, NY 11803-0997. Mail-in entries must be postmarked by 5/31/12 and received by 6/7/12 in order to be eligible.
There are SPOILERS in this review!
It was so very frustrating. All these thoughts came into my head:
He and I found ourselves describing our ideas, without conferring, in almost identical terms. I began to understand that while I had not chosen the battle, it was at least the right battle, because in it everything that I loved and valued (literature, freedom, irreverence, freedom, irreligion, freedom) was ranged against everything I detested (fanaticism, violence, bigotry, humorlessness, philistinism, and the new offence-culture of the age). Then I read Christopher using exactly the same everything-he-loved-versus-everything-he-hated trope, and felt…understood.
Now on to the Scavenger Hunt! There are 12 design team members and each of us have a question that will give you clues to 12 different items that you can find in the Crafter's Companion Store.
That circling affect is one of the reasons that we called it Hula Hoop Genealogy. Because researchers feel like they are going around and around in circles like a hula hoop and just like hula hoops they never actually get anywhere. But the saga of Linsey’s parents and the extra generations doesn’t end here. Once I knew who had published everything on the web, it was just a matter of a little digging to get their email address and send an email. A few emails back and forth along with a little digging trying to find anyone with documentation I uncovered another problem.
15. Mikado - Par Hasard
The salesman certainly knew that I was a bit of a Huc-Huc- Huckleberry and offered this:
13And the priest of the image of Jupiter, which was before the town, took oxen and flowers to the doors of the town, and was about to make an offering with the people.
I believe that the answer is that we cannot wait for a savior. We must all play a role in the next chapter of our history. No matter which Black history martyrs that you chose to research they all had one thing in common, they didn’t wait for someone else to form their destiny, they boldly faced the challenge. No, everyone will not be an explorer like Matthew Henson or an inventor like George Washington Carver, but let’s start by being the best Devonte or Keniesha we can be in this lifetime. Let’s show respect for those whose “Life ain’t been no Crystal Stair” and carry yourself with dignity in the street. Stop cursing and using the “N” word on the subway trains and when you speak in public places, chose a octave that allows others to enjoy themselves as well…And if you can do that, you would be a HERO in my eyes! Sometimes it just takes a change in the ways in which we think that will lead to better actions.
What you should do when you upgrade your service is to make it simpler, and while you may think you have done that wordpress, you haven’t, you’ve just made it more awkward.
Oh...did I mention she is turning 16 while she is here?
Love the slide2size drawsting sizing... love the fit & materials used
While I have three Chanel greens in my stash (yep), my favorite is the golden Khaki. Sometimes I apply that lightly and I'm finished. Other favorites are the enduring neutral shades like Chanel Ivory or Edward Bess Mystery and Escape. All are multi-dimensional colors, so they are easy to use alone or with each other. Sometimes I add eyeliner (if I remember).
It's the third one I've finished. The first will stay on computer quite a while longer, I suspect! The second is another light hearted romance. I'm currently giving that another polish before trying to get it published. I've also done most of the first draft of yet another romance.
Romans 8:37 No, despite all these things, overwhelming victory is ours, we are more than conquerors through Christ, who loved us.
I feel the desperate need to write, but I don’t know what to say.
Let’s face facts here; the man was an asshole, fashioned after the many conservative assholes who are currently residing in our media. He was a racist, misogynistic, homophobic elitist bastard, who gleefully attacked the character of anybody who didn’t share his hateful, narrow minded views. He was the model of today’s Republican as featured in our present day media.
So for those who actually read my blog and semi keep up with it, sorry about the no post/ no open letters yesterday. I was uber bogged down with work, kids, engagements, Etsy stuff and so on. Lame excuse, but there it is. So today I will post 2 open letters to make up for yesterday's lack of one. Yay for me! Please be seated. Your praise and applause is unnecessary. ;D
We have just finished reading Inherit the Wind aloud in class. We spent some time today talking about how the gut of this play is still alive and kicking in contemporary issues. GF commented on the recent reaction to Obama’s same sex marriage support. “The entire justification I hear for being against same sex marriage is what is provided in the Bible. There is no other argument, if you can call that an argument at all. It’s the same argument Brady (William Jennings Bryan) makes in the play against teaching evolution.”
Before Obama landed, Republicans had heaped criticism on Obama. Michael Mukasey, attorney general under Bush, slammed Obama for his “plans during the coming campaign to exploit the bragging rights to the achievement” in an article in the Wall Street Journal.
John Russo (who co-wrote Night of the Living Dead with George Romero) wrote a script called The Return of the Living Dead at the same time that George Romero was doing Dawn of the Dead. An independent producer, Tom Fox, bought Russo's script. He set up production and gave the script to Dan O'Bannon. O'Bannon refused to direct it as it was written. He felt that it was too much of a serious attempt at making a sequel to Night of the Living Dead, and did not want to "...intrude so directly on Romero's turf." And he helped to re write it with more humor.
Yes, my little yellow and brown giraffe would be one of those toys you’d see on the 10 O’clock news at night. Just blame it for everything that goes wrong, even if you did forget to do your homework and study.
"Take a number and step aside. She's only one person and she's got four real babies in real life to take care of, besides us imaginary ones." Angelica waves them off. "Don't worry. You'll get used to stopping and starting. Go play the pinball machine or something. A final check before hitting send doesn't usually take her long, unless she trowels up a rotton potato. Just be thankful she hasn't bumped you off for a new story."
Bennett the smaller of the two just broke the 5 pound mark. Bennett is strong and doing very well. His big job right now is to learn how to take all his food from a bottle.
Then, too, even some people who thought their retirement funds were adequate -- and safe -- saw those funds evaporate in the financial debacle of a few years ago. I guess that was their fault, too. Yes, throw them to the wolves for being so stupid.
“If it’s not normal then…”
P.S Apparently 'cuppa' is an English expression too... so I haven't been listening enough!
Last night however (and I should have taken photos) we finally made use of the five to ten pound zucchini that I bought at the Ditmas Park farmer's market last Sunday. It was actually the size of a baby and cost $2.00. I am one of the world's zucchini lovers. Squash too. I'll buy one and chop it up into salads, couscous, pasta. I firmly believe that zucchini makes most dinners better.
“Mirrors have come to mean much more than the original 'looking glass.' They are now a part of the decorative scheme of a modern home. By using them, there are no dark, gloomy corners, no drab caverns for halls. There can be a feeling of freedom, light, air, space.”
I know I'm not a hopeless case
As it turns out, the bird was pretty smart. Who knew? It managed to make its way out of the window in record time. As for me, I spent a good part of the afternoon, and three bottles of Lysol wipes, erasing all traces of my bird friend’s visit. That’ll teach me to not leave the bathroom window open all day. I think I’ve got that lesson pretty well figured out. No need for bird number three, thank you very much.
Butter a shallow casserole and layer with half
If you wear flip-flops, please make sure you don't have toe-nails that look they belong on some pre-historic beast.
Marlene: Leaving aside reading other writers, are there things that inspire you?
Okay okay, I kind of fell down on the job of writing regular posts, but I'm catching up now, so all good!
way the author also shares her remembrance
Peace…MissRandom
then spend some time in the gallery and leave some love for your neighbors too!
You can have your own news aggregated through Twitter. There are too many to mention here but they all have optional extra’s and this is why people are paying for access. Once they get a taste they never look back.
Oh, God… how you love me
It was such a nice gift, I think I'm going to give each of them something similar for Christmas this year. I think that's very generous of me, don't you?
The first game of the Dallas Cowboy’s 2012-2013 season will be at the defending Super-Bowl Champion/hated conference rival (New York Giants).
SCCEP annual meeting: 3:00pm, May 16th at the Capital City Club in Columbia, SC
One day a father gets out of work and on his way home he suddenly remembers that it's his daughter's birthday.
Carmen and Done are really good friends and together they have faith for anything: small or great! A while back they were walking in the Somerset Mall together, and at one point arranged to go separate ways for a while.
"75 kinzcash," said P. J. as Harriet deposited some crisp bills into her hand.
Descoings passed away in New York last week, as I am in this town for my campaign to be President of the United States but also in France because I am binational. In France, there was last month a terrible attack against Jewish kids (4 deaths). I think it is connected. I wrote my letter to Jean-Louis Debre, President of the Conseil Constitutionnel, March 15 without a reply. He is a member of the UMP, the party of the President Sarkosy who is friend with Christian Estrosi, the mayor of my hometown Nice, and his closest partner, Eric Ciotti, President of the Alpes-Maritimes Department who is also AN ALUMNUS OF SCIENCES PO. Not coincidential.
This is an absolutely massive Jewish Rye. The one served at Pastrami Queen for sandwiches is smaller, but by all means, if you want to construct the most massive pastrami sandwich in the world, this would be the bread to do it on. It is also one of the most moist and flavorful rye breads I have ever had.
Of all the seasons, in there
His parents freak out. The thing that’s made them celebrities has vaporized in a big puff of smoke. When your special son is no longer special, who are you? But once Adam starts doing “normal” things and acting like a “normal” little boy, his parents realize they can go on living normal lives, becoming a normal family. In the strangest way, the loss of Adam’s gift ends up saving them. However, there's one last piece of the puzzle that will throw a wrench into everything – a secret that threatens to turn all the events that have transpired upside-down.
Benetton has a history of provocative ads that usually have nothing to do with the product, but everything to do with their philosophy of unity. Bing or Google Benetton and look how much press they’re getting. For a fashion brand, buzz is everything, and Benetton will never be vanilla. More like Amarena black cherry swirl.
I even got to rearrange the front room after the rug was cleaned.
Until the criticism culture strikes.
Seth: Yeah, what's your point? Okay, I'm not seeing what you're getting at. Do you work out?
On Count 1, an offence under the Bribery Act, he was sentenced to three years imprisonment. He had pleaded guilty, and was told that had he fought the case, the sentence would have been between four and five years. The maximum is ten years.
Genre Appeal: (7/10) – Lockout works as a lightweight action movie, not really demanding a whole lot out of the viewer, and it’s good to enjoy if you just want something breezy and fun that you don’t have to take seriously. It’s nothing new as far as action movies go, and it’s remarkably simplistic for a sci-fi movie, but if you just want cheesy good fun, this fits the bill.
It should specifically mention a DCC/DVML Observer as a special case who SHALL attend ALL Board meetings.
2 May 2012, Publication – and even more on Book Signings
There are those closer to the top of the organisation who have a very fuzzy hole ridden argument about why the new wave of keg beer should not be credenced:-
Cauliflower is a cool season crop that maintains the best flavor and eye appeal if temps stay below 70F and it receives even moisture throughout the growing period. Cauliflower can be started indoors 6 weeks before the average last spring frost and transplanted into a prepared garden as much as two weeks before the last frost. It can also be planted as part of a fall garden if started about 75 days before the average first fall frost. Plant in full sun about 18 inches apart and maintain about 1inch of water per week. Once the flower head begins to develop, loosely gather the leaves surrounding the head and tie them together with a rubber band or twist tie. This is called 'blanching'. Blanching protects the flower head from expose to the sun, keeping the head snowy white and helping to maintain flavor. The head is fully mature when it reaches about 6 inches in diameter. Use a sharp knife to cut it off the plant about 2 inches below the head and store it in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.
Or as Questlove says: “Undun is the story of this kid who becomes criminal, but he wasn’t born criminal. He’s not the nouveau exotic primitive bug-eyed gunrunner like Tupac’s character Bishop in Juice… he’s actually thoughtful and is neither victim nor hero. Just some kid who begins to order his world in a way that makes the most sense to him at a given moment… At the end of the day… isn’t that what we all do?”
To cure financial ills.
The prize that she is offering to the winner of this challenge is this Hannah Lynn Fragile Heart stamp.
How fun, nature adventures, especially the ones that come upon us unplanned! Thank God we have a camera when the universe unfolds like “April showers bring May flowers,” and warm Spring winds bring flying wings. Joyful adventures lie in wait for the kid in us!
We did get out, though, to see an excellent version of David Copperfield at Bolton’s Octagon theatre. They captured the whole story so well. I’m sure even people who had not read the book would have understood.
The Theory of Evolution is an interesting theory, and I am not saying it could be untrue. But it still lacks just as much evidence as creationism. Ignorance is saying I know, reason is saying it’s a possibility so lets see if we can put it to the test. Listen to yourself, your being irrational and ignorant. Just because someone believes in creationism does not make them a ignorant and stupid individual. Just as much as someone who wants to believe in evolution is not an ignorant or stupid individual. Its the one who is unable to recognize either as a theory and a belief and unable to show respect for reason. You do not know which is true. You’ve only decided which one you think is true.
Television - Marquee Moon (expanded) - 1977
He tilted the bottle up to his lips and drank, then handed the empty to her. She tossed it.
With my lack of energy, I am channeling all this grief energy into a project for another grieving mama. God, that gift helps so immensely. I meditated tonglen yesterday. Sometimes, it is easier to do tonglen when you are suffering, in my experience, because I can start from that place of saying, "Because I feel this way, I know others feel this way. May I feel it so others do not have to feel it." Sometimes the suffering is so self-absorbing, that you cannot get out of your own suffering. Then the meditation should be for yourself. I am not there, thankfully. Gratefully.
1.Join us and link up once per month March 31st, April 28st, May 26th, and June 30th – sharing a post of your latest garden update . Include: 1 current photo, progress, lessons/resources being used, and homeschooler’s reaction / involvement!
Ask your blog readers, your twitter followers, and even your facebook friends to do it too.
And doesn’t that guy over in Legal realize that you’re supposed to pay to be in the coffee fund?
But! YOU CAN HELP ME
Masters'-Mates and Midshipmen to wear the same uniform as at present, with the alteration of the button only, which is to be of the same pattern as that of the Captains and Lieutenants.
Chanel blushes don’t really need much introduction as they practically have a cult following by now. This particular shade was released earlier this year as an Asia Exclusive item, and of course promptly sold out at my local counters. I was going through a really busy time at work, and by the time I eventually got around to shopping, I could only hang my head in regret that I’d missed out. But thankfully, I managed to snag this from DFS on my transit in Hong Kong earlier!
Note to Mom & Dad: If you haven't been here yet ... we're going when you come down here.
...and that's scone as in bone! (always a basic food debate fav, much like the "is it a barm? No it's a roll/bap etc). Just for the record, here's where I stand on these such matters:
Nutritional Information: 458 calories, 64 carbs, 3 fat grams and 35 protein grams.
We also read about the company’s commitment to the community, as displayed at the annual Christmas party where gifts were given to over 3,000 children. There are senior citizen appreciation dinners staged by something called “spousal groups,” which were probably called wives clubs until Massey got politically correct. When a flood struck southern West Virginia in early 2009, Massey was kind enough to recall 20 employees it had recently furloughed and put them to work shoveling mud. And for the Fourth of July last year, none other than the socially responsible Motor City Madman Ted Nugent was brought to coal country as the featured performer at the company picnic.
And splashing your silver seas
I wish it was different. I am sure that we, in the academic study of Judaism and Christianity, could benefit from serious Muslims scholars, who dedicated themselves to the study of the two other Abrahamic religions. Until we see more Muslim scholars in Judaism and Christianity, we have to settle with the polemics of the Medieval times.
2. Be a nudist
Nevertheless, Jackson says the war was wrong because it was cloaked in lies.
2-3 c. wheat flour
This role requires great skill indeed to practice; serious attention needs to be paid by the playworker to his or her own internal dilemmas – their personal rites and trials – in order for the endevour to be authentic, as well as close attention paid to the external context within which they are bound to both influence and be influenced by. Gordon Sturrock summarises this process as a (meta)ludic dialectic.
Jai Ma,
L’oreal Extra Intense Liquid Liner Pencil in Carbol Black
I have a confession: I’m a smoker. Cue the booing and looks of disgust. It’s okay. I totally agree with you. It’s a disgusting habit. I’m not proud that I smoke, but it’s a pretty big part of my life (again, not proud of it), so I’d like to share my thoughts about it.
For all the film's strangeness - the mysterious blue box, the creepy old couple, the monstrous homeless person, the masturbating and crying, the Hollywood cowboy at the incongruous corral in the middle of the city (a corral that actually exists in the hills below the Hollywood sign) - the most striking memory I have of the first time I saw Mulholland Dr. is simply of Naomi Watts. I was not familiar with her work up to that time, so for the whole first half of the film I wondered if she was even a serious actress. Betty from Deep River Ontario is such a cornball you're not sure at first if you're supposed to take her seriously, but then a little over an hour in she goes to the audition opposite Chad Everett and suddenly she's an entirely different person. That for me was the moment in history when Naomi Watts arrived and I thought, "Wow. This girl can act." In a perfect world, that performance would've been recognized with an Oscar nomination, but we know the world just doesn't operate that way and neither do the Oscars. That's why we have The Muriels.
Blindfold
3) Come back to this post and leave a comment including a DIRECT link to your creation or use Mister Linky below.Remember to make it a link to the specific post or picture and not just a general link to your blog or gallery. We need to be able to find your art!
(Rightly do they love you.) Still speaking directly to her Beloved, she tells Him she understands completely why the daughters love Him. Can you imagine how that makes Him feel? After all, He created us for companionship with Him. To love Him with our own free will. Whether we are walking in immaturity or the fullness of maturity, we are still His Bride. We love Him because He first loved us. And as we continue to know Him more, He will reveal Himself more, and cause our love for Him to grow.
25 Galactic Symposium - Money
Fans in St Louis look for a great promotion at NWA Dynamo Pro Wrestling on April 6th at NWA Dynamo Pro Wrestling as the NWA Worlds Heavyweight Champion Adam Pearce returns to meet Kahagas along with the homecoming of Santana G as she meets Christina Von Eerie. Fans will also enjoy the Dynamo Tag team tournament that night. If you listened to RingSyders Party Animal radio this past Sunday then you know what we will be giving away to the MWR fans at this must attend show in Glen Carbon, Illinois.
Its fleece was white as snow
Today we added a knitted snowman to our advent tree. Cain usually does this but this morning he let ?Heather do it as she feels so unwell and is very whiny right now. She is all bunged up, has a nasty cough which kept both of us awake all night, and has been complaining of earache too. Hoping that being poorly right now means that she will feel better in a day or two and not suffer through Christmas.
I was also reminded of the tales told by friends who live in a wild jungle in the Philippines. They speak of the native children running barefoot in the jungle with machetes, and alongside deep rivers. The parents do not fear for their safety. And they are safe. How different our society is!
Preheat the oven to 180C and lightly grease an oven tray.
"There is an urgent need to educate women that reproductive aging is irreversible and, more importantly that there are options to safeguard against he risk of future infertility," said Patrizio. "These techniques are valid options for women and should not be viewed as experimental," he added. "Doctors and health professionals must begin the discussion about fertility preservation in their patients and make certain that young women truly understand all their options
Hobby-coaching Kaleb in football, going to movies
In what must have been a moment of madness I financed Killer Bitch without reading the script (look, it was cheap) and I was away at the Edinburgh Fringe for weeks when shooting started.
she answered.
I like this effect and will use it more often now! Looking forward to the weekend as I'm off perusing charity shops tomorrow afternoon with a friend, always manage to find something fab for my home and then Sunday I'm off to collect a dressing table to transform too.
Well I’m actively starting to evaluate what’s important to me, I’m sick and tired of being a victim to my diary and other people’s priorities. I’ve started to turn my mobile phone off, not answer it if I am busy or don’t want to. I’m no longer replying immediately to text messages and emails, not religiously checking my blog for comments or forcing myself to post something each day. I’ve even almost weened myself off my Facebook addiction and now only use my Twitter account to promote my blog entries (when I make them) and then only automatically via the blog software.
One Muhammad Ali Plaza
2 medium yukon gold potatoes, cut into 2” cubes
I’ve grown to believe that I didn’t realize or have an “Aha!” moment when I apparently stepped across a threshold into happiness. Of course there have been spikes, a few fleeting highs that occurred upon learning that I had earned or attained something for which I’d been yearning; those are to be expected. But a pure consciousness of the moment to recognize that zenith, as Buddha at the moment of enlightenment, I now know that I did not have. The culmination of “happiness” as in living a life of contentment and pleasure where problems ebb and flow and crises are diluted by satisfaction, I believe, is something I see most clearly when I acknowledge where I’ve been and the steps and events that were interruptions along the way.
"Marked by sly wit and a certain old-fashioned jauntiness, this tale of three chums on a quest for indolence strikes many a wish-fulfillment fancy...Hartinger blends urban legend with the actual history of Tacoma’s routing of its Chinese community (author’s note included) to craft an irresistible setting (who wouldn’t want to explore lost tunnels under a city in search of treasure?), humorous episodes tinged with mild danger, and a light-hearted mystery"
SU! Melon Mambo embossing powder and fine gold glitter
For a while I thought I had once managed to change. Like a lot of people I was pretty depressed during my teens, but one day I woke up, realised I was really annoying myself, and decided not to be sad any more. And that was it. I was totally cured.
I really believe this is no accident.
...which I recognize as coming from a sheet of spooky Halloween stickers meant to be applied to your skin. I purchased it sometime in the late 70s, probably at the neighborhood Super X or TG&Y drug store. I don't remember too much more about it other than each sticker was labeled somewhere on the packaging, and that big gash in the upper left was described as an "Open Wound".
1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's Condensed Creamy Tomato Ranchero Soup
Superstar athletes, actors and musicians, often portrayed among the super-rich, accounted for about 3 percent of the top 1 percent from 1979 to 2005, far less than the less glamorous people (mostly men) who lead and advise America’s businesses.
-Follow my blog (2 additional entries-leave 2 comments)
That’s the simple thesis, and I’m not getting into a “what is art” debate.
Well, Katsura cuts the head off of Makoto’s lifeless body and puts it in a bag. Sakai sees the bag there. She can’t exactly runaway from what she did. Katsura gets her revenge by killing Sakai with the intent to check if Sakai was really pregnant.
Cape Town of course is so much more than this. It offers breathtaking vistas, sublime beaches (Seriously the sand is so white you could be forgiven for snorting it) but regrettably frigid waters (If you value your manhood you won’t even attempt it), and a quaint little known mountain that is often affectionately called Table Mountain. It looks nothing like a table however but according to the learned geologists because it’s flat on top that obviously means it resembles a table. In that case they may as well call it Breadboard Mountain. Well breadboards are flat aren’t they? And at least then the locals can say their mountain is the best thing since sliced bread.
See? Simple and easy, and items that parents can help out with that won't make them or their kids want to tear their hair out :)
The new album was titled Persuasion and following the rejection of the album by MCA, Adam, together with a new band including Marco Pirroni, embarked on the live 1993 Persuasion Tour to attract a new label for the album. Ant was able to sign to new label Capitol Records in the USA and EMI in the UK, but MCA pulled a pissy pants move and was unwilling to let go of the Persuasion master tapes and so a new album Wonderful was recorded instead with the band from the tour. The album has surfaced as bootlegs and once in a while shows up in fan forums. This album is one of the 20 written about in "The Greatest Music Never Sold" by Dan Leroy, a book that reveals information on the legendary lost recordings of many famous artists. The latest news that I've found is that Sony now has the rights to the recordings, although nothing has been said yet with regards to releasing it. I picked this up from a fan site 7 or 8 years ago and as I was searching for the site again I found it's no longer in existence. I wouldn't call it his best work but there are moments of the Ant brilliance. So here is a couple cuts from the lost album and if anyone has been searching for it can drop me an email.
See Jane Lead by Lois P. Frankel
--a few old/rusty nails
What better memory of the match than this goal (at 27 seconds on the clip below)? Mike Hooper the Liverpool goalkeeper on the day, was a noted ‘twitcher’ and his walkabout suggested that he thought he had seen the Lesser Spotted Gull Warbler on top of the West Stand. That you suspect made up Limpar’s mind to shoot; the goal is outstanding for the vision as much as the execution.
Walker was an Alabama native who was a popular speaker on the rubber chicken circuit (occasionally teaming up with his buddy Frank Howard). He would leave Elon to coach at Wake Forest, leading that school to two bowl games (including the first Gator Bowl in 1946; the Demon Deacons defeated South Carolina 26-14). Walker is still the alltime winningest coach at Wake Forest. He also coached the Canadian Football League’s Montreal Alouettes.
I can’t believe that I haven’t told you about our first CSA box for this season!! It started one week earlier than anticipated due to the strawberries coming in! I can’t believe we are already slurping fresh, local, organic strawberries. And they are just as delicious as we remember them.
30th); 2005 HEDGEHUNTER (WON); 2006 Hedgehunter (2nd); 2007 Hedgehunter (9th), Homer Wells (PU bef 22nd), Bothar Na (PU bef 29th), Livingstonebramble (UR 6th); 2008 Snowy Morning (3rd), Hedgehunter (13th); 2009 Snowy Morning (9th), Irish Invader (11th); 2010 Snowy Morning (6th), Arbor Supreme (UR 15th); The Midnight Club (6th), Dooney’s Gate (Fell 6th), Arbor Supreme (Fell 28th)
And I repeat: a glint of hope.
“Looks like I came from the… Wait… what?!” He froze once he found a large enough patch of sky to see the sun, glancing upward it hit him like a bag of bricks. The Sun was close, very close. Staring up at it he could see the huge ball of flame so well it felt as though he could reach out and grab it.
This recording is a great example of truly Tunisian jazz, a meeting between more conventional jazz & traditional Tunisian sounds such as the ney, the oriental accordion, the udgé along with a more Arabian styled percussion, all led by guitarist Fawzi Chekili.
Sometimes, when my kids are getting on my very last nerve, I think about this woman. Because I often say to myself and others, “If this mothering thing were any harder, I couldn’t do it.” I mean it, too, when I say it.
Watching the programme last Monday I was struck by the fact that few, perhaps none, of those telling their stories were actually from Swansea. There were men from other parts of Wales, an Englishman, an Irishwoman and some Romanians. So why are they all in Swansea? If they're looking for work, then surely Cardiff is the place to be? There must be something other than the sea air attracting them to Swansea and its satellite towns. There is, for I believe these homeless are just pawns in a bigger game.
DR EVIL: Thanks doc, but over your shoulder I can see a very sleek Cadillac Eldorado pulling in so…
I've been making some new garments last weekend which I couldn't find in stores. This minimalistic leather boxy top with a Céline feel and a Calvin Klein neckline was one of them and was incredibly easy to make. Here are the instructions!
In any case, while I feel compelled to point out the obvious—that a high-tech labyrinth of artificial caves dug beneath the rocky hills of an over-urbanized tropical archipelago is an incredible setting for future films, novels, and computer games—I should also mention, more prosaically, that Hong Kong's impending subterranean expansion will doubtless offer many lessons relevant to cities elsewhere, as public-private underground partnerships increase in both number and frequency, with space-starved global mega-cities turning to partial self-burial as a volumetric infrastructural solution to the lack of available surface area.
And then, stillness, as if all momentum is lost. Her breath returns and she finds herself gasping painfully. Opening her eyes, she finds herself kneeling on the floor, with no blood or broken bones to mark her fall. Mystified, she slowly drags herself to her feet and looks at the space before her. She is standing in a room covered in curving slabs of raw sienna and burnt umber, smooth and spare, with large shapes patterned into overlapping forms along the wide expanse of wall. The ceiling is a uniform misty red, as of gases swirling above a transparent convex barrier. Brief flickers and sparks glow and ripple through the gases, and the effect is so hypnotic and calming that she almost fails to hear the sound of a throat clearing behind her.
Malick even acknowledges this weakness in a perhaps autobiographical scene where a child or his sibling finds a sheer nightgown in a neighbor's drawer and steals it. One might imagine he does something icky with the garment, but Malick has never cared about sex, onanistic or otherwise. His Texas is not the Texas of THE LAST PICTURE SHOW and its coming-of-age deviant cataloging or of GIANT and its lustful Deans. For Malick, women are symbols meant to glisten with beauty, particularly if they have long red hair that looks good in the setting sunlight (Chastain could be Sissy Spacek, after Martin Sheen's been sent up the river of life), and if they're wearing shimmering sheer nightgowns it's so the light can send a lace shadow over the lawn. Malick brooks no pornographic, only the Joycean aesthetic arrest, so the theft of the nightgown is the first guilty moment of a future cinematographer; the 'capturing' of a gorgeous ephemerality; the nailing of butterflies to celluloid, like Stan Brakhage. But without a film to bury the image in, there's no reliable 'container.' The kid notably tries first to bury the nightgown under some mud (too much like sending it to the editor) then decides to release it into the stream, into the flowing fleetingness; tje cinema he can't himself witness without a helicopter shot (and there are many); the night gown so ephemeral the only eye that can possess it is the fleeting eye of the all-seeing viewer, the 'god' eye. The little river/stream itself is something like a long band of film, and each nightgown tossed onto the waves a little baby Moses of possible meaning and interpretation, before it goes over the falls only to return in the next full rotation of the astral take-up reels in time for the nine PM showing.
My dirty little secret is that I don’t know anything about photography. Well, my two dirty little secrets are a lack of photographic knowledge and that I fuck models for money. If my parents knew, they’d shit bricks.
‘There are no moral phenomena at all, but only a moral interpretation of phenomena–’
By refusing to acknowledge that this problem exists, and warning the public and parents to watch out for it, our children are being put at risk every day by this silence that is imposed upon the media.
I don’t know whether I did this on my own or we were prompted by a form, but this poem illustrates the Acrostic verse form:
In effect, the EO allows the federal government, directed by the President, to commandeer and control all aspects of the economy and the lives of all Americans. It centralizes control to an astonishing and frightening degree.
As for advice, I would say to only pursue publication as a writer-illustrator if you are confident that you are equally strong in both areas because essentially you are giving an editor two reasons to reject you.
Well below your ego
So, I hope I continue to love it so I can grow up and have skin as soft and youthful as my Nanny!
Don't worry. I'm not on my death bed. I just needed to go for some vaccinations for my upcoming Thailand trip.
All of these are simple to put together! All you need is some white cardstock and a printer that can print in color. Check out the pictures and then download all the tags you need. Please be sure to share this with your friends! You can use this for more than just volunteers at school.
have painted you across the pages of my mind.
“What am I doing here,” he asks off stage. “I’m opening for Jimmy Kimmel and telling knock-knock jokes to Kim Kardashian.”
Yes, any actual singing on these evenings takes second place to these other exercises. Correction; discipline, etc. This final exercise is also in the interests of disciplinary training according to our choirmaster. It is nothing less than a hard and stinging spanking of Delia's bare bottom.
So grumps done - bring on 2012 and let the blogging world rock and roll!
lost in the impossible dream
Cartoons can be a lot of fun. I loved watching Scooby Doo when I was a kid, as well as the Flintstones! On Saturday morning, my brother and I would watch the Bugs Bunny and Roadrunner Show. Those were the days! They do not make cartoons like that anymore. I watched in horror one day when on an episode of Spongebob they discussed farting. Yes, I realize that passing gas is a natural bodily function, but I would prefer hearing it called something other that a fart. That is just a pet peeve of mine. That was the beginning of my dislike of Spongebob.
Envy is right behind Pride in being the true engine of Las Vegas, Sin City. Smaller and smaller bikinis are donned, to the point of them not being worn at all in the topless pools, because the race is on not for enjoyment of the sun on bare skin but for who can take it all off!, shake the most junk in the trunk, or be the most outrageous and outlandish and garner the most stares from the men who pay $20 or more to attend the topless pools to watch such antics, which predictably go down, every day, all day. If you’re wondering why I went to the topless pool, it was to see what went on there and my prediction was thoroughly fulfilled, and because I knew it would be quieter as no kids are allowed there. The beach chairs were of higher quality, there was more space, and it is even better situated to the sun than the family pool (which is also enormous and loud). I enjoy a topless sunbathe whenever I can, but I was not interested in joining this race so I kept my top on. I’ll find a quiet and secluded beach where removing my top is about being closer to the sun and the earth and all that is divine about our world, and feeling that bake through my skin, not about being closer to a guest spot on Girls Gone Wild.
They may or may not like this.
10. Hoglorfen - Hedningarna (Sweden/Finland) / 4:54
I used to really enjoy peanut butter and honey sandwiches, but I can no longer eat peanut butter because Boyfriend is deathly allergic to nuts. We cannot have peanut butter in our house. I still love bread and honey, though, so I got the bright idea to substitute regular butter for peanut butter. It's like all the best parts of every food ever, combined into one sandwich. If you could put happiness on bread and eat it, that's what eating a honey and butter sandwich would be like.
The play is about two sets of next door neighbours and some news that’s about to rock both families, but not necessarily in a way you would expect. Good comedy has to be laced with a heavy tinge of sadness and tragedy in order to give it weight and Pauline McLynn succeeded in this endeavour by giving her character the sadness and depth that propelled the comedic moments, right down to her very poignant final line. Deirdre O’Kane delivered her lines in her fabulously effortless style. She is naturally funny and convincing. You really do believe in the friendship between the two women, as you do in the friendship of the hubbies: Lorcan Cranitch’s lovable character, who just wants to keep the missus happy and the sometimes suited friend, played very well by Declan Conlon. The differences between the two characters were superbly drawn, but they had a credible friendship, which served to make the twists and turns more palpable, when Conlon’s seeming affability is called into question.
Positive thoughts are paramount
Stand affirmed-even then-that I love you
Wednesday-20 minute walk pushing Adeline
They bring their frantic dancing out among the herd of audience and smash styrofoam boards over our heads, exploding more confetti and glitter, that the techies were probably all too excited to sweep up afterwards, and inviting us to break out and dance with them. They all but turned the theatre into a nightclub!
TD: One of the benefits of being a member of EFactor is that you’re connected with all kinds of specialist within one mouse click. Being a member of a group of likeminded people means it is easy to share your skills, knowledge and expertise and you can expect the same from other members. Executive coaching can be an accelerator of your business growth as well as your personal development. I’m always willing to share and support whenever I can. When my input leads to a desire to sign up to a more intensive and tailor made coaching program, all the better. That’s how I make a living. Since my clients report a ROI of 629%, they are making a better living from it as well.
-In addition to the relationship theme, it also covers career aspirations, and giving up / realizing dreams, which keeps things from going one note. It goes off into some interesting and hilarious tangents with Segel’s character development.
2 Tbsp. unsalted butter
EK Success
3) And...a surprise too.
Breham said Perimekar had received the commission for “supporting the contract,” which he said was a euphemism for unexplained costs, and also for “housing the crew” of the submarines in France.
Anyhoo, I got a post on Korean style, slips and other undergarments, and my fictional BFF planned, so stay tuned. They should appear by the end of this month.
So in that process, while trying and experimenting, im also learning new things.
quarter, all things being equal, for
Why do we think it's our job to judge?
Painting by Charles Christensen
An effortless expression
I notice some days that there are police on either curb waiting to book people for J walking. I feel they would be better to spend their time booking fat blokes for careless riding.
We try not to complicate CC with many rules, but we do ask that you please use a CC badge or link back to Camera-Critters in some way. Thank you.
The important thing is to get the painting right and use the photos merely as influence. It would be so much easier if I had the perfect photo to work with, but life wasn't meant to be easy. Every
Skyrim
Someone who doesn’t smoke, or drink, or use recreational drugs could turn a condescending eye on a person who can’t quit smoking or drinking or using drugs. They’d say “just don’t do that, can’t you see it’s harming you.” And then this same person might be a closet scale junkie. The same person may be battling their weight and not be able to walk past a scale without hopping on “just to see where they’re at” on any given day. And if you said to that same person “don’t do that, can’t you see what it’s doing to you”, they may laugh and say it’s no big deal, it just keeps them on track. They may not see the mental wrecking ball they are smashing into their own efforts.
因为，我们的眼光狭窄
At some point, I believe we will all be expected to be fluent in social media. From my perspective, this means that we will basically be unable to stay truly connected without it. This naturally leads one to question—if social media is beneficial to those involved with it, or if it will create more of a divide amongst individuals who don’t have access to the Internet on a daily basis.
Lew Lewis & The Perfect Day
Welcome to the University of Ottawa Art History Club’s official blog. You will find updates about club happenings and other important information on this page.
Expect plenty of shots of Broncos owner John Elway with a sad face on Sunday. If there is anything a Browns fan watching the game can take solace in, it is a sad Elway.
I hope you like these!! Thanks for stopping by!
BLITZER: But if you make a serious accusation against Governor Romney like that, you need to explain that.
Ya'll,
Alex is an incredibly courageous woman. She gets out there in the thick of it. I remember her during Operation Arrowhead Ripper in Iraq in 2007. She earned respect from the troops and journalists for her willingness to go where and do what few will do. And she did it well. - Michael Yon
I've had very little time for painting so far this month, having been away for a week already. As I was away I was contemplating Flashbang, and when I got back I found I wasn't so keen to keep painting Normans. Since I still have a fair amount of furniture to paint, and I want to get some games going at the club, I've returned to the office furniture I started work on way back in 2011.
Method of preparation:
To date I have lost 12 pounds and dropped a size. YAHOOOOO!!! The weight loss has been slow (in my opinion), but my chances of keeping it off are greater according to statistics if I lose approximately 1 pound a week, rather than rush things along with a faster weight loss.
to the heart of the music,
Breckenridge, have worship outside & one of my favorite times of the day...
Finally a reborn múm, proofing why they are so popular in Belgium.
The shade is number 8. It makes me sad when companies don't give colours names... sometimes that's the fun part and attracts you to the polish even more... well maybe that's just me!
It is our misfortune that the MSM, particularly the broadcast media, are the most powerful atomizer for such nebulous mists yet in history. Universities, and other brain-altering institutions that replaced church and grandpa, are also in that category. But they are not alone.
A meet-up of sewists, knitters and crafters. It is open to everyone - you don't have to be a blogger to attend. We'll start by getting to know each other over a lunch and then depending on how many people there are and what your interests are, we may split into groups (i.e. fabric shopping, yarn shops, vintage shops, etc.) We'll meet back up for a pattern/fabric/yarn swap and more merriment.
for changing my life
In the moments leading up to dawn,
Here are the things I have often wished I could undo:
BUT, if you do happen to see a military spouse today, say "thank you." Our lives aren't easy. As a matter of fact, if you were to see me on the street and buy me a drink, I wouldn't turn it away :)
The surprising commitment effectively bars Obama and his successors from launching another nighttime helicopter raid like the one that that killed Osama bin Laden. That raid has proven to be Obama’s primary foreign-policy success because it killed bin Laden, scooped up much intelligence data and shocked Pakistan.
World Vision - a Christian humanitarian organization dedicated to working with children, families and their communities worldwide to reach their full potential by tackling the causes of poverty and injustice. World Vision provides hope and assistance to approximately 100 million people in nearly 100 countries. In communities around the world, we join with local people to find lasting ways to improve the lives of poor children and families.
You are Wonderful.
I don't despise Michael Bay. I blame Shia LaBeouf more, but I do wish Bay would leave the things I like alone.
January Goals:
Will try to post blogs along the way -- or at least tweets. Enjoy the merry month of May!
You can see it in the figure above, one of a group of four female figures I saw in the King Tut exhibition in Toronto many, many years ago. They are guardian figures (of Tut’s sarcophagus?), believed to be modeled after his mother. They protect the remains of her beloved son, with serenity, with peace, with gentleness and love.
We divied up the three mags among those of us without a closet full of porn hidden at home. My brother found mine and absconded with it within the week which probably saved me trouble later down the road.
DEUTERONOMY 10:20
A fairly good result this week.
I am very positive that there will certainly be a next one, so start thinking about what you would like to share with us. I will keep you all updated.
Sometimes the road drives you
The problem she has of being beaten she thinks is a preferable problem, to the problem she might have of facing the world without a male protector.
In contrast, Beckett’s references to contemporary literature are few and far between: Salinger’s The Catcher in the Rye he liked “more than anything for a long time”. For me, however, the great revelation of the letters is Beckett’s occasional engagement with the work of Maurice Blanchot. As early as October 1948, he acknowledges receipt of an unspecified essay sent by Duthuit, presumably for translation. Three years later Duthuit has Beckett translate passages from what is presumed to be Sade’s Reason and “the foreword” to Faux Pas which just happens to contain this passage:
So Yi Gak’s team’s product is a hit and all is well in his world so Se Na suggests that they celebrate by going to pick out their engagement rings. But since he’s not really into her, he tells her to get them on her own. Ouch. Then just to make her day even worse, she overhears him telling Chi San to deliver an envelope to Park Ha so she uses her feminine wiles to intercept him and replace the contents. Basically, Yi Gak had spent the morning picking out an apartment for Park Ha while Se Na had a plane ticket to New York with Park Ha’s name on it that Tae Mu had given her.
And last, but not least, I'm so excited about this one. So this is Music Inspired By The Story. Basically the bible was taken and written into a book called The Story so it actually reads like one solid story. So various Christian artists came together to make this album including Natalie Grant, Mandisa, Bart Millard (Mercy Me), Mark Hall (Casting Crowns), Matthew West, Mac Powell, Jeremy Camp and many others (23 total). There are some awesome songs on this. So far my faves are "Alive" by Natalie Grant - all about Mary Magdalene and then "Born for This" by Mandisa, all about Esther. Ugh so good!
I was going to have a ‘boy clothing yard sale’, but the fates did not align as planned so that’s been pushed back to next week. Instead we hit up the parade, on a whim. Okay, so apparently the Lawrence St. Patty’s Day parade, when it lands on a weekend, is not something you do ‘on a whim’. We headed downtown about half an hour early, drove around trying to find parking for almost 20 minutes, then Scott dropped off Pete and I and went to find parking on his own. He finally found a spot, NINE BLOCKS from where we ended up. Yeah. So anyway, we had a good time, and I was super duper thankful to finally see my husband again after he found us, because wooooooo boy but I had no idea how heavy Pete was until I had to hold him on my shoulders a period of longer than 2 minutes.
“Each new sunrise provides the catamaran with the light needed to continue its journey,” the PlanetSolar team wrote on its website.
I'm still breastfeeding in the morning & at night. I will keep this up until my supply completely disappears. But I can tell he's upset when I come home for lunch or get off work & don't breastfeed him, the screaming & glaring gives it away.
I will cook a pot early in the week then incorporate it into my meals over the next few days. It is really earthy and fantastic served hot in a stir fry with kale or broccoli. I also like it cold in a salad with lots of freshly chopped herbs, carrots, and maybe some leftover turkey cutlets or roast chicken.
Really short today, but then it's a holiday and you probably want to get back to food and family!
I love the bliss of narcotics in the middle of the night when pain awakens me.
Use a neutral grip on your golf club. When you grip your golf club tighter than you should, your shots will tend to hook right. Conversely, if you hold your club too loosely, the ball will go off to the left. Correct your grip by using the direction of the shots.
He is like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit in season and whose leaf does not wither. Whatever he does prospers.
Her parents aren’t crazy good looking, but even with his lisp, he seems alright, like he won’t get in your business and the worst you’d have to deal with is occasionally having to race him on horseback and carry him around like Caesar when you lose. Also, you’d have to deal with her weird make up issues, but maybe they fix that. The good news is she kind of looked hot in the horse helmet and I picture a weird fantasy suite thing where she’s got that on and has the whip and Ben repeats “there are moments where I can picture being with him”.
Let’s knock this stuff off.
After a successful European tour, Lenny's later editions of 5 included "American Woman", a song used in the film Austin Powers: 'The Spy Who Shagged Me'.
Yeshua and the Company of Heaven:
*audible gasps all around*
*Wonderful Tonight – Eric Clapton
I haven't had much time since then to follow up, but I will. The best part of participating in the challenge is meeting new people and creating new interactions. I have decided that I will do my best to recommend other bloggers throughout the year and give them the encouragement that Arlee and Alex have given me.
Tonight we had spaghetti! It's one of our go-to dishes, and I love that there are so many things you can do with spaghetti! This dish is light but full of flavor. The fire roasted tomatoes, kalamata olives, feta, and goat cheese just work so well together for a light meal. The sauce is such a nice change from the heavier marinara. The pasta water helps to thicken what is really a light juice from the tomatoes until all the other ingredients come together.
Ringo's drums roll us out of the solo and into the bridge a second time. The song ends on pretty much the note it started. We haven't left the dance floor, although the band has stopped to take a bow. Who knows if true love will be found with the 17 year old girl. But when you are on the dance floor, who cares?
We are the brave writers who are NOT AFRAID TO WRITE.
A small picture on the back, yeah. That’s completely fine. BUT THE WHOLE BACK COVER!?!
I'm sure if you google "space shuttle DC monuments" you will find at least 10,000 pics. It was a sight to see! I did snap a few shots but mostly what I did was stare and cheer. The flyby was at 1500 feet. It was so close I felt I could reach up and touch it. I opened my eyes wide and took it in.
And I need to kick my starbucks habit... two a week or more is just not good for the pocket!
Great Accessories For the Nikon D300
One more from Barbara was an oh so pretty roses journal with a pink sparkling vintage brooch attached. Each page is decorated and so beautiful....I'll have to scent it with my Fragonard perfumes and pretend its a secret journal for love poems and pretty sketches !
Kruger National Park is a very large wildlife park, someone told me it is as big as Great Britain, a definite must see if you are into Africas wild life!
Second suggestion: more hands-on practice. While people were actively encouraged to come up and participate, there simply wasn't time or ingrediants for everyone to have a go at making a full cocktail. Which brings me too...
The photographer is Bailey - in doing a Google search I didn't find much, but did find a couple of other pictures posted by Bailey or Bailey Studios which were obviously by the same person. I tried searching on Ancestry.com and found an Art Bailey in the 1905 Wisconsin State Census age age 30, occupation photographer. He was born in Michigan to parents born in England. He was married to Lilosa age 24 and with son Samuel? age 1. I had no luck finding him in earlier or later censuses. I am guessing this photo to have been taken around 1900 give or take five years either way.
Frustrated, I headed down the escalator to make my way out of the store, only to come face to face with a whole section of Michael Kors clothing, and there, front and center, were the red pants I'd wanted all along. I knew exactly how I'd wear them for their first outing: as a splash of intense color behind high contrast black and white. A sophisticated color combination that still looks fun and springy.
Lean into discomfort. I'm inspired by that idea. Oh, and the fact that I'm inspired by something? Means you should brace yourself.
Our explanations must now rest on two major foundations: most Neolithic genes were native, but the major domesticates were exotic. Small-scale rather than continent-wide migrations are the best way to integrate these into one model. Agriculture in a region may have been introduced by immigrants, but that does not mean that the immigrants carried mainly Near Eastern genes (Richards 2003; Rowley-Conwy 2004b; Zvelebil 2005). The LBK, for example, originated in the Carpathian Basin; the population that moved westward emerged there carrying a complex mix of European and Near Eastern mtDNA and no doubt picking up more as it moved.
such as boots, blankets and bullet
We're cooking dinner together.
Drink half your weight in water ounces. Hydration is important in order to keep the food’s macro- and micro-nutrients moving along the digestive track. Increasing the water intake while eating a lot of fiber in your fruits and vegetables will keep your digestion and elimination regular.
my LILY.
Other fledgeling planets weren’t so lucky. When a growing planet has acquired enough matter to be molten, it tends to fractionate out: heavy metals sink to the core, while lighter, rocky minerals float on top. That’s how we know that some of the asteroids are the wreckage of destroyed worlds: some of them are made of rock and some of metal, the different parts of something that already had a planetary structure.
for the first time a post fossil society is emerging,
And, the Corp is "not ruling out" larger releases. This has generated a lot of anger. People feel helpless because the Corps has complete power over the river system, and many see it as an unfeeling, uncaring government entity. Lots of people have also expressed the opinion that the Corps has known about this snow pack for a long time and could have alleviated the situation by beginning releases a while ago.
There were a number of jobs that were earmarked URGENT and this was one of them. There is no way the girls would step foot in the bathroom in the condition as it was. I have to say though it did look worse than it really was, we fully expected the wall behind the shower to be rotten and it wasn't, however the floor underneath the vanity....was! We started on this before moving out of Lincoln and Brent pretty much plowed in and started ripping walls out, making the comment...."there's no turning back now".....yup.
Lineamenta, nn. 6, 13:
I hate this place. It stinks and it's dirty and there's piss everywhere and needles and garbage and yesterday when I went for a run in the park I had to traverse a trail that had been completely covered in used toilet paper. I've been robbed at gunpoint here, just down the street from my apartment. San Francisco is expensive, and I'll never be able to afford to buy a home. The city government is corrupt, there's nowhere to park, the people are all fucking crazy, and don't even get me started about MUNI.
The Pilgrims Rest: A solid 2,00 year old converted stable, with original fittings..all the mod cons…bed a bit small.
They are the organs of the body which, except for the face, have been used most often in the various art forms to express human feeling. The hands point or lead or command; the hands cry out in agony or they lie quietly sleeping; the hands have moods, character, and, in a wider sense, their own particular beauty. From prehistoric
On Friday night, I just got fedup of listening to the sexually explicit orgasmic sounds coming from the telly, over and over and over - every 10 minutes! At one point a tried counting how many times the same advert was being repeated in one session. I gave up counting at ten!
Randy’s complete Blue Cheer output, consisting of Side Two of 1969’s New! Improved! (three Holden-composed and sung tracks totaling fourteen minutes forty-two seconds), is, ironically, his best-known work. Suffice to say that Holden’s inclination toward heaviness is well matched by Cheer rhythm section Dickie Peterson and Paul Whaley. Drummer Whaley in particular has never sounded better. If Blue Cheer had continued in this vein, they wouldn’t have ended their career playing their first two albums exclusively on the live circuit. Instead, they opted for the prevailing California Mellow approach on the remaining other half (!) of the LP, and future recordings. Randy, meanwhile, just got heavier.
Thanks Lindsay.
TALKING TO HIM.
In a large bowl, stir together flour, oats, sugars, cinnamon, baking powder, and salt. In another bowl, stir together milk/water, eggs, oil, and vanilla until blended. Make a well in centre of dry ingredients and add wet ingredients, stirring just to combine. Stir in apple.
So, why all the fuss? And how did this relatively benign group merit a headline like this in the Huffington Post: “Truth4Time, Secret Religious Right Facebook Group, Included NOM Co-Founder, Fox News Pundit And More”? (To the credit of the editor in the Huffpost HATER/Fag Voices section, he responded to Michel Brown immediately when he raised concerns about the factual content of the article, he was courteous and helpful from first to last, and he posted Michael Brown corrections within the text of the article itself.)
He cooks for me. Pretty much every meal if he's not working. (I like to bake probably more than I like to cook!) :) My dream come true....a man who cooks.
Best contradiction of 1Malaysia
I glanced in the rear view mirror at my beautiful 7 year old daughter and noticed that she was smiling as she looked out the window. Peace and joy were written all over her face. She was shining from the inside out. Nevaeh had conquered something much greater than her fear of the monkey bars....she had decided that if she could not do it, then she would reach out to someone and hold their feet so they would not be afraid and cheer them on.
Well done that lady!!
Roll of pie dough (Need 2 to use the whole can of filling.)
Television 47.2%
But finishing up, here are a few more images to drool over. Summer lovin’ indeed!
My friend Greg and I split the costs on a batch of MaiBock for our brewing session this past Sunday afternoon. It was a good brewing session, and we hit our temperature targets exactly. The finished Wort's starting gravity was 1.071, so the (eventual) finished product will make you stand-up and sing in German, after a couple of pints.
Governments need to be far more strategic about how they spend money, particularly as they work to eliminate swollen budget deficits incurred during the recession.
TSUNAMI WARNING IT ISSUED FOR ANOTHER PART OF THE PACIFIC. BASED
Then some years later I read, to my horror, that in 1874 the Vienna city council had opened a new municipal cemetery two or three miles out of town, the Zentral Friedhof, where the great and good, present and past, as well as the humble of Vienna would henceforth be buried. To this end they dug up Beethoven and Schubert from their little private graveyard and transferred what remained of their remains to new resting places with their fellow musicians. The quiet graves beside which I had paid homage had been empty. Schubert's lyre hardly respected the truth, and Beethoven's butterfly had flown.
Neil said he would take Isaac out for a late afternoon trip to the swings. This was good timing as Isaac isn't too fond of my electric whisk; the noise worries him. When they left I turned on the machine and gave the mixture a good mix. I was surprised by how long it took for the mixture to become smooth. The butter was suitably soft but took ages to break up. Eventually it became lovely and smooth and I was able to tip it into the waiting tin. Into the oven it went; it would need to cook for around forty minutes. This gave me plenty of time to sit down. It was nice to sit and do absolutely nothing in the peace and quiet!!
boxer...we chose the colors together. i spared all y'all the various colors swatches that were painted on the walls, but know, we have at least 20 in the garage!
It was like driving to another time zone for me to get to Dunwoody’s Mellow Mushroom tonight boss and it felt like another country - another planet really. I’ve explained to you where I live a thousand times and you still don’t know where that’s at and you’ve still never been closer than Turner Field to my block. I don’t live in Decatur. Yes, I’m south of I-20. Yes, it's inside the perimeter. Yes, it’s like Little 5 but it’s different. It’s East Atlanta. I live here. I love it here. You couldn’t hold a gun to my head and make me live where you do. It doesn’t make either right or wrong – it’s just a statement of fact. In some ways I’m envious of the “safe”
These little darling hand warmers make fantastic little Valentines Day gifts for your kids and your kids teachers...and with the felt being a quarter a sheet...pretty inexpensive too!
Daniel, Lucy’s fiancé, represented this masculine, controlling society. While I was initially sceptical about the almost villainous turns that his character took, I couldn’t help but care for Lucy and fear for the control that Daniel exerted over her life. It took me a while to understand that he wasn’t being a brainless menace, as some villains are, but simply taking advantage of the control that any man had over a woman in this period. This image was powerful but also understated. I have to say that it was the development of Daniel’s character that could have really influenced my impression of this novel. I’m not keen on characters who seem to be overtly villainous with no redeeming qualities, but Daniel wasn’t like this. His controlling character developed slowly, and the turn that it took at the end of the novel really endeared me to this book. Olivia didn’t slip into stereotyping, and also managed to teach some contemporary lessons about mental health.
but some things
When you read Doyle’s body of work, you see reflections of those types of changes The stories of a young man’s sense of adventure, historical novels from the heart, various short stories and novels that were born in depression, books highlighting Doyle’s intellectual pursuits whether as a doctor or as a man fascinated by the unseen world of the occult, happy fun adventures written
* Possess strong interpersonal skills
Stick it in the oven, bake it for a little less than an hour until you can see it all brown and gorgeous and calling your name. Sugar calls my name with alarming frequency. I am subscribing to the theory that it’s because i’m so smart. See, your brain uses 70% of all your glucose, so I need extra glucose to keep my brain happy. It has nothing to do with addiction. Nothing.
with Mama keeping the curious chickens at bay.
Paul Groves (tenor)
*Dr. Seuss
PUBLIC/PRIVATE
I’m not talking about “worship music” here. I’ve worshipped many times to music that isn’t “Christian” or “worship music,” and it doesn’t make my worship any less pure or unworthy.
Confession.
So, please pray that God would make a way for me to go.
Minh's match spring punch combines vodka, raspberries, cassis, lemon and sugar topped with champagne but to be honest, we're most excited by the plastic monkey hanging off the edge of the glass.
I lazily meander back across the parking lot watching the riders on their playfully trotting horses. I’ve really got a lot of things to get caught up on at the still-under-construction new and larger brewery, but I decide to watch the jockeys a little while longer. I know I’m the one goofing off, but leaning against the saddle of my iron steed and watching the hard working jockeys seems at the time to be a very productive way to waste much of my morning.
The very idea that muslims must not kill women and children or damage property etc implies that these wars were offensive wars. If these wars were defensive then muslims needed to worry about their own women and children.
Like Steinbeck’s letter, Justice’s poem speaks for itself and conveys a quiet celebration of life. As JJS states, it’s a poem worth memorizing.
When your priorities are in place, you will experience happiness, joy, and flow in all areas of your life. When you live by the priorities of others, you will experience sadness, lack of motivation, and a feeling of “stuckness” in some or all areas of your life.
BTW, some of the sites I'm following also do not show on my dashboard, if anyone knows how to fix this.
I have to say that I thought this book was enjoyable. Mack and Madison, the hero and heroine, are both very likeable. He's more fun to read, but that's just a personal preference of mine. The erotic scenes between them are steamy, so if you're shying away from this book because you think it's typical Siren fare, don't. It's worth a look. And the introduction of the sport (or is it extreme sport) of kiteboarding is a fun change in the contemporary romance genre.
Well, if you're still with me, you deserve a medal lol I think this is the longest post I've ever written!!
First the QPR defender received the 11th red card of his pro career in 1987 after elbowing Ossie Ardiles in the face; he was given a 53-day ban. Then he was handed an oﬃcial warning by QPR after going on holiday to Spain without club approval while recovering from knife wounds received while out one night in Croydon. Having been told he had no more "second chances", he was then sent oﬀ for a 12th time in 1988 for spitting at Fulham's Leo Donnellan in a reserve match. Dennis was quietly oﬄoaded to
Of course, I'll still blog when I can and let you all know about my amazing prison adventures. And one of you will need to feed the Octorillas while I'm gone. Or maybe Goripii, I haven't decided yet.
And now to do my duty to accept this award :-)
‘I’m sure the bishop would say he has Clare Fergusson troubles’” (25).
When I'm lucky, what I'm paying attention to is the writing; the answer to a given plot issue will often pop up--sometimes because some minor element I've written in along the way turns out to be more than merely descriptive, or will fulfill dual roles.
One night, I go to clock out, and I find the entire staff of workers (minus the supervisor) from the warehouse/production side of the business waiting in the lobby of the building as I punched out for the day.
Luke and I were working as a team Saturday night. I hauled all his clothes out of his closet and started sorting out what was too small. (Are you jealous yet? What an action packed life I lead!) On the questionable items, I had Luke try on the pants and/or shirts to see if they fit. This is how it played out:
In fact the number 13 is considered lucky in Italy apart from one time when it is considered unlucky, which is to have thirteen persons at the meal table, but I remember this superstition from the UK also. This superstition goes back to the Last Supper of Jesus and the Apostles.
eyes made in place of eyes
Stamp- Sweet Gothic Kids "Pumpkin Judy"
Seems things work out better when you sprinkle a little fun in your day….between the loads of laundry, I mean.
for now~ it's time to announce the
I should probably seek the opinion and diagnosis of a medical professional. Honestly, I’m relieved to learn about this disorder. This discovery of mine comforts my mind and relieves my heart knowing that there’s a possible explanation for my constant kaleidoscope of feelings, roller-coaster of emotions.
And a partnership between DOC and University of Otago’s Centre of Design will see a trial of iPads use in the Arthur’s Pass Visitor Centre launched during Conservation Week this September. See the story in our newsletter or find out more on the DOC website www.doc.govt.nz.
After going by Mile 7 I knew it was coming. The split off for the half marathon. The numbers for the full were 1-4,000 at the Expo. I figured we’d basically lose EVERYONE and be alone at the split. Having run the race twice before (half) I had longingly and apprehensively looked at the runners going straight. Thinking they were just getting started. With so many miles to go. And wishing (dreading) to be one of them. I was actually really excited about this point in the race because the course was “unknown” to me then.
However, Range of Ghosts offers the more original fantasy world. I believe the main narrative is loosely based on the life of Timur, aka Tamerlane (1370-1405), but Elizabeth Bear has used his story as a springboard to create a unique landscape filled with unusual and fascinating fantasy elements. To take one of many examples, I love the way the moons in the night sky represent the heirs to the empire's throne, with a moon disappearing any time one of the emperor's descendants is killed -- and then suddenly all the moons disappear in favor of the single moon we know, when Temur crosses over the border to a neighboring land. Nearly every chapter has an interesting and unusual element like that.
it is an orange beak
I'm still trying to get my head around "lighter than the lightest lager". Isn't that water? I doubt the soldiers gave a toss. I know how coarse and heavy those British uniforms were. They were doubtless glad of anything liquid and alcoholic. Especially after rolling those barrels up a hill.
In its current, often-damaged state, it is displayed in four sections at the Library of Trinity College in Dublin. The page sizes are 13 inches by 9-1/2 inches. Today there are only 340 folios. Although the manuscript pages are made of orthodox material of vellum (calfskin), the direction the young calves were cut was unusually unorthodox so as to double up on usage. Counting the cutting of calfskins per page, scholars have estimated 185 calves were used to create the book. Furthermore, these calves were culled from 1,200 or more animals. Even damaged pages needed to be used in the book; on these holey pages, words are either written around the damaged holes or directly over tiny holes, leaving missing letters when the holes enlarged. This very large number of calves means that the monastery was very wealthy and had several other monasteries assisting in the book’s production.
I’m scared that if i stop i won’t be able to start again. If i lay down I’ll spend days in bed.
from liberty to abundance,
But unlike the anonymous Newsmaxer, I went beyond simply pointing out that the morgue figures showed that blacks hadn’t disproportionately died following Katrina, but that whites had, and that the only credible explanation, based on what was known about the anarchy at the time, was that racist blacks were hunting them down and slaughtering them, just as they had sought to slaughter white rescue workers.
Thank you for helping our chapters identify outstanding women as potential new members of Zeta Tau Alpha.
The problem? It's weird to look back over my work and see "What's His Faces" everywhere. I'll need to change that soon. Also, I'm getting kind of attached. Do you think readers will mind terribly if I keep "What's His Face" for names?
touch my heart
Drifting in the dark waters of a mysterious river, the only thing Amelia knows for sure is that she's dead. With no recollection of her past life—or her actual death—she's trapped alone in a nightmarish existence. All of this changes when she tries to rescue a boy, Joshua, from drowning in her river. As a ghost, she can do nothing but will him to live. Yet in an unforgettable moment of connection, she helps him survive.
maybe they instinctively need to transcend it. It's very much that
Jeff Hunt (REP) 14.09% 13,206
I spent like three weeks on it. A lot of the hard part was mixing the correct paints and then painting multiple layers. I used Bristol board and acrylic paint. I think Acrylic is short for: “Needs multiples layers so it will not appear streaky!” My magenta has like 20 layers and I am not even joking. I made friends with my long lost friend the hair dryer so it proved to be worthwhile again it defiantly helped speed up the drying process.
On January 13, 1995, Johnson committed suicide by diving off a bridge in Sag Harbor, Long Island. Even that act seemed to have planned for it's numerological meaning was as Jan. 13, 1995, at age 67 (adds up to 13).
Naval Inspector General (’04-’07)
Greedy for money
2 disorder
After a good long cry about how the hell I am going to do this, we started the food elimination on Friday. It hasn't been easy, and I gave in a few times (how can you say no to a 2 year old asking for a piece of her grandfather's chocolate birthday cake?) But I really hope this is going to work.
April 25, 2009
To welcome some of the now grizzled veterans back?
What do you girls do when everything is done & ready?
Jillian is a fabulous chick over at Teenage Bride. I love the sweet posts she shares about her life. She's written a book and a VERY sweet post for Unedited today!
our whole world has been out of whack.
¾ cup Golden Eggnog
To this point plus many other cases in the Bible, I can see the deep revelation God gave the founder of this ministry concerning the GRACE. I can see the power of the grace.
At 9 Pm, my friends asked me to come in the hall and I saw a big black coloured cake with writings in white “Happy Birthday Abhi”... They somehow came to know about my birthday and gathered to celebrate it. They concluded the day with celebrations that I would remember for years to come. Followed by video sessions ended the day.
~thinly sliced unpeeled cucumbers, thinly sliced lemons, spearmint and rosemary
1. Throw (some HUMANS would say ‘waste’) our nuke on the crappiest baseship there is fighting us.
Evan J. Baron, 38, Bridgewater, N.J.
I am a 44 year-old woman with diabetes. Honestly, I have no business getting pregnant.
3/4 c chicken broth
He said: "The owner of the back-up premises was warned to cancel and not tell us till the last minute." Choudary, 43, said it exposed "a burning hatred" against Islam but vowed the seminar will take place.
( ) launch your own investigation to gather more information and to avoid wasting the Company's time.
I will fill you in on the trip out west when my head clears...
Purple Yams
Do you find the singer to be a boring tweeter as the newspaper regards her to be?
Think about all of the people you know who are serving in the fivefold capacities and how many of them regularly deal with a massive amount of people? Now why is this important? It’s important because God is an on time God and know and understands the days and time we live in. He knows how much money we need to live on and support our families and also support other ministries. So with that thinking in mind let’s now look at all the people who have a calling of God to serve and who are still working a JOB.
"...it took two years to open...due largely to the city’s morass of permits, procedures and approvals required to start a small business. While waiting for permission to operate, she still had to pay rent and other costs, going deeper into debt each passing month without knowing for sure if she would ever be allowed to open. (The owner) would not say exactly how much it all cost, including construction, but smiled and nodded when asked if it was in the hundreds of thousands of dollars."We're not talking about a nuclear power plant here. We're talking about a fucking ice cream parlor.
To be continued. Father in the name of Jesus I pray that as we have trusted the work on the cross to redeem our spirit, soul, and body that we would trust you in the small things and continue to cling to your every word and promise. We thank you for salvation we also thank you for preservation unto Eternal Glory, help us to understand your GRACE and that it is truly finished that we may walk unhindered into the destiny you have for us. I pray and ask this in the mighty name of Jesus. Theres power in the name of Jesus!
I’m sorry but I just hate you.
Ever eaten so much food you thought you might die? If you're like most Americans, at some point today you'll experience the gut-busting pain of cramming way too much food down your gullet.
government fulfilling this, trying to implement this program
“we cant let you have the parcel without the docket”
Here's almost 80 minutes of "Random Songs Of Horror". These tracks come from many different sources. Some were in my collection, some from the library or I downloaded them from someones blog. Please visit the "Nifty Links" section to the right, these are blogs or websites that I visit frequently. Some of these songs may have originally came from one of them.
The nagging pains have been bothering me for more than just the enforced lessening of activities… I fear losing focus on the plan and the goal. I have not strayed from eating right. I have been less active and I am trying to measure myself. Am I using the nagging pains as an excuse or are the nagging pains really keeping me from being more active. I have to fight my natural tendency towards sloth…
Whether or not a private citizen should have the right to bear arms in public spaces and if so, what regulations should be in put in place to protect against the misuse of firearms.
Like a revised tutorial on how to make the big "brass" KW urchin...
Don't be afraid of your product
His classic film The Great Dictator (1940) saw him taking on the nazis. Here he pitted his celebrity and humour against Hitlers own celebrity and evil. He played a dual role as a jewish barber who has lost his memory in a plane accident in the First World War, and spends time in hospital before being discharged into an anti-semitic country that he does not understand, and Hynkel (Hitler) the dictator leader of Ptomainia, whose armies are the forces of the Double Cross, and will do anything along the lines to increase his possibilitis for supreme power. It ends with Chaplin in his own words giving us a message full of humanitarianism, with a sense of great hope.
8. Are you currently working on another novel? A sequel to Della Says: OMG! perhaps?
Overnight Lotion
The Great Commission Resurgence proposals within the Southern Baptist Convention have reminded us of the high priority of evangelism and local/global missions. The same is true of many denominations across the theological spectrum of beliefs as Christian leaders worldwide seek to regain strongholds of spiritual influence in North America and Europe. However, unless we’re cautious and clear, a sloppy, imprecise definition of missions and evangelism will destroy renewal efforts. Let’s define evangelism by what it is not and then by what it is.
When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.
have a lot of crazy stuff that happened on the plane but I tell you about
He started out singing something more like Keep You With Me.
Garrosh, son to the one who both enslaved and redeemed the Orcish race?? Garrosh, the hotheaded, impetuous young new leader of the Horde?? Garrosh, the one appointed by Thrall to take over leadership of the Horde, despite council from his other allies against it?? Garrosh, the one currently seeking more territory, more resources, and more dominance over all cost of life to either the Alliance OR the Horde?? Garrosh, murderer of Cairne Bloodhoof, the former leader of the Tauren?? (Yayaya, so he did not know his blade was poisoned, but he did know it was a fight to the death.)
- Seacrest out.
How do you know Cara? We first “met” at the online poetry community Read Write Poem, and when that closed up shop in May 2010, we kept in touch at Big Tent Poetry, a different poetry site, one I also helped manage. Cara came to a “Big Tent” poetry reading at St Johns’ Booksellers in Portland and we met got to meet in person. I still remember that day, and it astounds me (although it shouldn’t) when life and words coalesces like that! All that online energy — and we share the same gorgeous Oregon air!
This whole concept would have helped me with a shit ton of things that I was going through at that time.
Confined by a cage.
As she crossed into city limits of the quiet town, she wondered if anyone even lived here anymore. The houses seemed sad and empty. Signs hung off the walls of old businesses like pictures someone had forgotten to straighten for the past fifty years. But, toward the end of town, there was a single building with a light on. "Far and Away Inn," it read. "As Remote As Can Be." Under the sign, a neon red sign blinked, "VACANCY."
What do you think? Would you like to join me in a virtual vegan potluck? I hope so! Please let me know by emailing me at anunrefinedvegan@gmail.com – and tell me what course you’d like to contribute (no need to include the exact dish). Check out my page Vegan Virtual Potluck for more details and for info and developments – and by all means, spread the word and invite other food bloggers!
VEGsters, I don't want to shock you or anything, but did you know that the entire treadmill doesn't move? That there are, indeed, parts of it that do not? And when one steps on those parts while at a full run at 5 miles an hour, chaos is likely to ensue? Well, let me enlighten you. There are. And it will.
We hope you will take some time out of your week to play along!
The manager of the safari camp tells me the name of the latest celebrity he wants to invite to the Congo for a free holiday.
you begin to see on the horizon, across this dark plain, a fence
Accept that you’re going to make mistakes. You’re going to learn what works and what doesn’t, and so you need to figure out how you are going to incorporate continuous improve­ment into your social media strategy and practice. One important element of improvement is to be open to innovation from your staff. Chances are good many have significant experience in social media and can help suggest improve­ments.
5. Add chicken broth, white wine and bring to a simmer. Reduce until half the amount.
Civilizations have celebrated the summer solstice for thousands of years, and today it is still celebrated annually in England at Stonehenge and Avebury, where crowds gather to welcome the sunrise.
* Speaking of Heart of Wisdom, the website and ebooks have been a great source of inspiration and ah-ha moments for me recently. The Bible first approach at the core of it articulates so well what I was trying to figure out this year. I knew what I didn't want, and had a fair idea of what I did want, but the Heart of Wisdom Teaching Approach helped me fill in a few gaps in my understanding and simplify my (very complicated) picture of our ideal homeschool. The free guide to choosing and using resources renewed my confidence in my choices of what to read and not read with the children. I am adopting the HOW concept, but am not following Robin's 4 year plan or using the unit studies. What we are doing, I will write about more next year, as it's a work in progress. In the eyes of the kids, it will flow on well and look similar to this year, but in my head and on paper, it's somewhat tidier :)
But I didn't leave them to fend for themselves. I left them with their father. THEIR FATHER. I think that was my mistake.
But Wiglaf and Beowulf work together to kill the dragon: Wiglaf stabs it in the belly, which reduces the fire, and Beowulf cuts or pierces it in the middle to finish it off.
"In Mexico City, i'm known as puerco chupacabra."
7. Help Me Scrape the Mucus off My Brain 2:56
This entire time Toast keeps talking to me , asking what he can do to help. Me all the while ignoring him, until I could not take it anymore and I said, YOU cant do anything. He asked because only Jen can, or because there just isnt anything I can do? I ignored, him, I thought the answer was obvious, after all I had overly emphasized the you. He just kept talking and talking, until I snapped and I kicked him in the head, and told him to shut the fuck up. I was so sick of hearing him talk, there was not a god damn thing he could do, so he needed to just shut the fuck up, or find a way to fucking “fix it”. I did feel dead and empty, now I was full of rage, and it was obvious. So what does he do?
Because my life feels so busy, I had to cut back on my blogging frequency here at Speed of Light. Twice a month feels about right now. Just like when you are employed, even in retirement, life is a balancing act. I wish I could find more time to really commune with nature, especially rivers and oceans. My husband and I own a canoe that we hope to launch next month. Right now my best connection with nature comes through backyard gardening. We have Juliet, Yellow Pear and Homestead tomatoes coming in. There is always plenty to do in the yard, but I would love to see more of the American West. Someday I hope to cross all 50 states off my lifetime travel list. I also have hopes of becoming a labyrinth facilitator when I can afford the time and money to enroll in a Veriditas training course. For all my hopes and blessings, I am grateful. Staying fit is very important, as are friends, intellectual activities and so-called "down time", a commodity I always seem to be short of. And so it goes... L'chaim!
HB showed her how to cast out and reel in, and then left her to her fishing. She settled down in a comfy place beside the river and waited for those fish to bite.
1. A profile of each diocese, providing information about characteristics of the
the same, bedside in rooms lost
What I think really happened was that they liked the house, but just not enough to buy it. You know when you find "The One" and this one just wasn't it. When forced to come up with one thing that made the house "Not The One", they said something stupid about the ceiling heights. Based on the wording the realtor used to write out my showing card, I would be willing to bet that English is not her first language and that the visitors fled the house in a panic when she started grilling them.
Yet baa baa black sheep
We’ve stumbled and laughed near the abandoned warehouse we're the weeds grow out of control,
Sunday was a day to kick back, take in some afternoon hockey, and taste some fine beer. My friend Steve has been complaining about the amount of beer he has just sitting, not being consumed, and I've had the same problem as of late. What to do? Impromptu tasting, that's what.
"The role of ministers has gone bureaucratic and the action of ministers has gone downhill – it is corrupt.
In this workshop you will learn:
Being the responsible head does not mean that a man does everything in the family, but rather. That everything gets done.
That the love that I feel,
At this point, I’d like to pass on my thanks to the one and only Istvanski who, through the loan of a pair of platform soled high-top Converse All-Star in honour of the first gig and momentous occasion thereof, saved my life.
212.929.0250
“Tom Sawyer?” asked Ted.
If the total number of jobs is equivalent to 1,240 full-time equivalent jobs, as stated last week, then that means a total of 49,600 hours a week and 2,579,200 hours for the year.
Apologies for the lack of posting folks, but recently things have been rather busy at Mordue Brewery. On top of the seemingly endless hours of racking, brewing, washing casks, sorting out brew schedules, rescheduling brew schedules and so forth has come the risks of utility and ingredient shortages and the burden of watching over so many fermentations. Why do they come to me to die? Why do they come to me to die? For the last few sundays now (the only day I'm not working around 12 hours) I have felt unable to do hardly anything at all but sit slightly traumatised for most of the day within a fantasy world of lying on a reclining chair sipping camomile tea in a Japanese garden with no sound but that of the running water features.
"Could we see when and where we are to meet again, we would be more tender when we bid our friends goodbye." ~Marie Louise De La Ramee
I was driving home from work a week or three ago.
A wise man knows that knowledge comes and goes, but that experience of spiritual certainty was more than ordinary knowledge. A wise man knows that some feelings are worth following across the desert, are worth giving up wealth to purchase frankincense, gold, myrrh. Those wise men knew that seeing that star meant they should drop everything and see the King of Israel's newborn son.
There is just so much that happens as a young adult and as we transition from childhood to adulthood. Despite the intensity of emotion and living, it is one of the most carefree times of our lives. We are not hampered by the responsibilities of adulthood, and we are no longer hamstrung by the well-intentioned restraints of our parents. It is also the first time we are given to a wide range of freedom of expression which is taken seriously not only by our peers but the adults around us. It’s a time when we create so many of our own stories and are part of so many of the stories of those around us. It is hugely fertile ground.
On a different not we have three weeks of school left. not even that because next week is our last full week of classes! We are so excited to be done and we cant wait to start our seven week vacations! Next semester Brandon is on track and i am going to take three online classes and (hopefully) do my medical assisting externship(two people actually called me back today about them, maybe my luck has changed) I am terified for my externship. I feel like i know nothing. Its been an entire year since i took the first medical assisting class and i feel like i have forgotten it all! yikes! I pitty the poor person who I have to draw blood from or give a shot. I am not very well practiced anymore!
I had planned on writing a New Year’s post on the eve or the day of, but it didn’t happen. I had also planned on sharing the books I received this Christmas, but it didn’t happen. To be fair to myself I wasn’t here on New Year’s Eve or New Year’s Day nor even the Friday before. I wasn’t here the day after Christmas either. The holidays always consist of me running around, like a chicken with its head cut off, to various family member’s homes. This year included a close friend’s house too. My daughter and I spent New Year’s Eve at his home, with his family (who are like family to me). Can you believe we’ve known each other for 24 years? The concept was mind-boggling to my daughter, especially when I put it terms of school–I first met my friend in the seventh grade. I told my daughter this when she herself was still in the seventh grade, so you can imagine the look of disbelief on her face.
I hope you have a wonderful day visiting with your family and your friends. Enjoy the day--the opportunity for togetherness, sharing love, and giving thanks for all that is important to you. I know that my day will be filled with thankful thoughts, too.
a few more weird things....guess who is walking???
It was a very productive trip. We looked at most of the private estates, had a food tasting and a few cake tastings. Hopefully when they get home this weekend, they will have a much better idea on their location as well as their date. I am looking forward to their wedding this Fall!
With just a few more posts on this subject I really feel that I need to impress upon those that want to know, what I have learned.
And mine were worthily despised;
A dork, because all the other pieces in this issue
The exclamation point neither makes a character louder or angrier. That’s the job of language, both in the narrative (She yelled till her voice cracked.) and dialogue (“You lousy SOB, of course I found out you were cheating on me.”)
- How the poor pay the price for D.C.’s height limits (WaPo, 4/28) “For a city with so much poverty and a dearth of affordable housing, any policy change with the potential to reduce the cost of housing should get careful consideration.”
I’ve been separated from the world of sin, death and destruction unto the glory – life I’m experiencing the glorious liberty of the sons of God! I rejoice today and every day of my life, knowing that I’ve been accepted in the beloved and chosen of God unto a life of victory and supernatural prosperity in Jesus Christ Name Amen!
In the playpen…woo…(all night long)
- $1 coupon from 4/15 Redplum
Pressure can
Austin may be lagging in rainfall, but there's a shower of savings in this week's supermarket circular round-up.
'Hey Mon, the sidebar of your new blog design is all messed up'
Tests- 60, Wickets- 249, Avg- 23.68, 5W- 13, Best- 8/92
Jared is up… to be continued…
I eventually got everyone going and moving. CPT came home, and was noisy getting ready. I'm guessing he's always like that. I went into Joe's room to sleep with him. And fell back asleep. We both slept till around 10:30 or 11am. I guess he was sick too! And we both felt a lot better when we woke up. Still sick ish, but not as bad.
So, by monistic idealism, I made it clear that, no, I don’t mean that dualistic kind of Western idealism, but really a monistic idealism, which has existed in the West, but only in the esoteric spiritual traditions. Whereas in the East this is the mainstream philosophy. In Buddhism, or in Hinduism where it is called Vedanta, or in Taoism, this is the philosophy of everyone. But in the West this is a very esoteric tradition, only known and adhered to by very astute philosophers, the people who have really delved deeply into the nature of reality.
I’m sorry to hear about your loss. I’ve come up with a list of things to look for when searching for your new stud. Hopefully these will help you narrow your choices and that you snare that extra-special someone who’ll make you feel like the princess that I’m sure you are:
I just wanted to take a second to wish you a happy holiday. If you celebrate Passover I hope you’ve been enjoying these last couple of days.
Work even for 5 1/2 inches. This should be the last row of 2nd full pattern. With white yarn work 31 stitches, place on a stitch holder, bind off 21 stitches. On remaining 31 stitches start front, reversing pattern from last row on back.
I think my skirt is going to be less full than the one I used as a guide but I can imagine it with some leggings and boots and looking pretty cute. I didn't have my niece's measurements but I went off of some general guidelines that I found online. Fingers crossed that it fits!
I hit a milestone yesterday. This probably won't seem like a great deal to most people, but I think my writer friends will understand. I hit fifty thousand words on my novel. Oh, it's not finished - it's probably going to be close to eighty or ninety thousand - but it is the most I've ever written on one project to date. My last project, started last September, faltered and came to a stop at around thirty-five thousand when this story forced itself upon me and demanded to be written. I can't help feeling a little excitement at the thought that I might just finish this one.
Two,it is possible that you ‘stubled’ on this blog and its contents.It is also possible that you are referred to this place.It is also not impossible that you have your religion that you belong to.You may have adhered to your faith no matter what! You may not have got anything to do with Jesus in the past.You may have been given a bad impression about the Lord Jesus Christ.Be not confused.Take your destiny in your hand and give it to Jesus.Do not be deceived.Hear this assurance from the Lord Jesus:
I was even walked through how to reset the modem to the factory default setting to see if that would help...
What? Don't glare.
To light up your day
While most of the economy limps along, the pet industry is thriving. It is estimated that $50.84 billion was spent on our pets in the U.S. in 2011. America's and the world's love affair with their pets is evidenced by their spending habits. Dog and cat parent's spending is at an all time high...and much of it is on pet travel expenses. That's right - falling in line right behind pet health & boarding expenses, dog and cat parents are opening up their pocket books to take Fido and Fluffy to pet friendly hotels and buy them those much need pet travel supplies.
It was an exciting time. What if we voted as women, not as Democrats or Republicans? What if the third party became the Women’s Party? What if we systematically stopped opposing authority and simply assumed authority? WE ARE THE MAJORITY! There is nothing stopping us but ourselves. Clearly, the men have done a lousy job of governance. They do not play well together; we do. Let’s draft Hillary Clinton for President and elect her. Let’s have a matriarchal government in America.
Greg:I selected New China Buffet for this week’s selection. My boss had taken me there a few weeks back and I enjoyed it. This buffet it located in Crestwood and has the appearance of a big barn, perfect for the feeding that will take place. When I visit a buffet, I go to get full. I didn’t each breakfast that day and the plan was to eat enough to not have to eat dinner. This buffet caters to everyone. There was pizza, french fries, and burritos in addition to your classic Asian dishes. I enjoyed multiple trips to the buffet enjoying General Tso’s chicken, sesame chicken, and lo mein. These tasted like they do in any other chinese restaurant. My only complaint is that the serving temperature wasn’t always piping hot. Also, when I made my way back up for Round 2 of the feeding, some of the dishes weren’t available and I had to wait a few minutes. Not a huge deal, but at the buffet you need to keep those popular dishes coming out hot and timely. After enjoying this healthy meal, I decided I needed to partake of the ice cream. They had huge containers of Blue Bell ice cream, I counted 20 of them. After making pleasant conversation with some of the locals while I waited in line, I decided on cookies and cream and a small slice of cake. These were both top notch and really capped the meal off nicely. The meal came out to be under $9 after tip. After eating enough food to feed a third world country family for a year, I thought it was a pretty good deal. Was it the best food in Birmingham? Not really. Compared to other Chinese buffets in Birmingham, it was a cut above. Overall Rating: 3.5 out of 5 Bros
And yet there is hypocrisy in the church. We do give reasons for unbelievers to stay far away. So while preaching the gospel and exposing self-righteousness in all its forms (homosexual, straight, covetous or idolatrous), let us continually submit ourselves to the Word and Spirit of God, pleading that He remove everything which harms His testimony, everything that gives the world opportunity to mock our dear Savior.
When we had Henry join our family, I could not stop thinking about the blessings of eternal families.
Here’s the phrase Dempsey uttered: “The military instrument should never be wielded alone.” Before that, answering a question from veteran newsman Marvin Kalb, now with the Brookings Institution, Dempsey offered this as his first, inchoate stab at a doctrine: “I would say where we’re headed is a global networked approach to war.”
Choice, people. It's a great thing.
It's weird that in the midst of all the craziness and planning my wedding with Steve how much it has made me miss Jeremy. Not because I'm not excited or because I'm not in a good place, but because he has always been the person I share everything with and I have been desperately aching to just share the ins and outs of life with him, the way I always used to. But, I recognize the irony in that and know that both of those things - my life circumstance and sharing it with Jer - could never happen at the same time.
Yeah, I started it already (again, I mean)… But I didn’t really let myself keep reading until I finished the post. It’s funny how I’m procrastinating on doing things that I’ve assigned for myself, that I’m not forced to finish but literally are just for me. It’s a damn disease, procrastination, I swear.
It almost looks like a very large hamburger...
The next challenge will be on our Facebook page at 8:00 (cst) with Barb Craft.
I’ve found some new information about our lovely Victorian lady and her gentleman friend this week. He is an officer in the Navy and she is sitting at shore edge waiting for him. At least she has her little doggie to keep her company as she waits.
I just wanted to pop in and say that I've been crocheting like a madwoman. I've re-opened the shop, made some changes, and have started adding new items!
Sometimes B manages a very nice surprise. On Friday night, he took me to see Bon Iver (3rd row center, hells yes!)....and it was sorta a perfect night in all the ways you hope for. We stopped at our favorite spot to get some wine and a bite to eat. Two seats at the bar were open. We drank delicious Sancerre, ate mussels, steak tartare and a little cheese plate. Then we headed downtown. We parked the car, took a walk past the place we shared our first kiss nine-plus years ago and headed over to Spreckels Theater. We walked in just as Bon Iver was going onstage. Show was amazing. Plus they played almost every song from their first album, which of course is how I fell in love with them in the first place. The only slight disappoint I had was that I was sending them E.S.P. messages like crazy to play my favorite cover ever, but my frequency must have been off. Usually when I try that hard things come through for me. ;-)
I’m a huge reader: I probably consume about 10-15 books per month, mostly somewhere within the Christian genres. Theology, missions, history, relationships, hermeneutics, textual criticism, biographical stories, discipleship, anthropology, the occasional fiction…I love it all. Books are like my friends (in a non-sad way). I love to learn different things and soak up new ideas.
And then, as I was walking to the subway, a Chinese couple (and yes I know they were Chinese! I speak Mandarin!) was doing a marriage photo shoot in the middle of Times Square.
Heat large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the teaspoon of oil, swirling to coat the base of the pan. Place the portobellos face down, and let cook until they just start to release their liquid, approximately 5 minutes. Add the wine, letting it cook off almost completely. Add a cup or so of water, the vegetable base, carrot, celery, onion, thyme, and a few good shakes of freshly ground pepper. Bring to a boil and then reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, until mushrooms are braised through, approximately 45 minutes to an hour. Remove mushrooms from broth and set aside. Strain broth into a separate saucepan.
O LORD GOD I want to live in Your house all the days of my life, to marvel there at Your Goodness, and to always ask for Your guidance and protection, all to Your Glory in Christ Jesus, Amen!
We tried this tapas style Hue (city in the central Vietnam) restaurant where our friend likes to go as well. We liked the beef with noodle (the one on the bottom right) the best. As you can see, we have eaten most of it when I realized I hadn’t had a picture of it. Some dishes are unique to the region and it was fun to try something new. We liked all the dishes. It’s a place to savor each delicate dish. The prices are higher than what you pay for street food or at more casual joints.
He argued that the tolls had to be enforced to enable the SA National Roads Agency (Sanral) to repay its loan of R20-billion, used to finance the improvement of highways around Pretoria and Johannesburg in the last two years.
But I am getting ahead of myself.
Can you read this and tell me if it makes sense?
‘‘(6) CYBERSECURITY SYSTEM.—The term ‘cybersecurity system’ means a system designed or employed to ensure the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of, or safeguard, a system or network, including protecting a system or network from—
For me, the most important qualities of "the best chocolate ice cream" are creaminess and a deep, intense chocolate flavor. Most recipes will suggest a whole lot of egg yolks to achieve creaminess, but in this case a combination of cornstarch and sweetened condensed milk does a better job. By using sweetened condensed milk, you not only introduce a slight caramel undertone, but also limit the amount of water in the mix. Cornstarch absorbs and holds water. Less ice crystals and a binding agent to hold them together translates into a more creamy consistency. Cocoa powder, vanilla extract and coffee add depth, and a pinch of salt brings out new dimensions of flavor in chocolate.
I’ve got a small mountain of books that I want to read, some that I’ve started many not. They’re a diverse lot, ranging from academic texts on Roman history, a number of travel books (I love good travel writing), a couple on politics, strategy and diplomacy, and a Le Carre that I picked up on the way to the US which I still haven’t finished. The pile keeps getting bigger!
It was amazing to experience such a different culture. Wish I could have stayed a little bit longer, but before I knew it I was back on the plane and another 24 journey had begun.
sort of. i mean, he is, but it's still about a 97/3 split. 97% being the amount of time he prefers to crawl...but he was going at it like a wild man last night....and then, he got so excited he couldn't fall asleep, slept like hell all night long and, well, i've been up since 4am fighting off angry voices in my head and some very scary thoughts that i haven't heard heads nor tails from since i started the crazy pills. not an old friend i missed, i can say that for sure...so i've got some phonecalls to make. right now i just feel like i have sand under my eyelids and that quesy feeling in the pit of my stomach. that feeling born of insufficient sleep and oversufficient stress. he's really, really cute and i sure do love him but holy SHIZZNIT, that kid could use some sleeping lessons.
Both gifts from L! Such good taste that man has. The silver one is by Fossil, and the other is handmade (it's sterling silver with semi-precious stones). The stone cuff never stays on - it's too big on my wrist and just slides off. Today I decided to just tie it onto my wrist with some black ribbon.
What do you think of this as a first-day-of-work outfit? With my new found sense of fashion (love of fashion? desire to be fashionable? No, that's not it either — these days, I just have this desire to put my best foot forward. When I feel like I look good, it's like I become a completely different person. I stand up straighter, smile more, and in general — I'm just more radiant. I'm having fun, and it shows. Okay. This wasn't supposed to be a post about my fashion fun — it's just so strange that it's so much fun with clothes.)
Cake is always a very big party of wedding days, with that being said I've only ever eaten cake at one friends wedding and that is simply because it was forced down my throat by the groom. Odd, yes but it was a prank the Bride and Groom tried to play on myself and the bestman. I saw the prank coming a mile away and mouthed to the Bestman to "Duck!" he didn't understand and as I ducked and ran he got cake smashed in his face by the bride. The groom then chased me down and around the dance floor finally tackling me and giving me cake. Thankfully he and I are very close friends or I might have been really pissed not only at my bride/bff but at him too. Most weddings I go to I'm too busy dancing, or drinking to care about sweets, so while I was excited about planning my cake for my own wedding - I wasn't really concerned about eating it.
At 07h00 on February 15 I witnessed a smash-and-grab on a stationary motorist at the intersection of Sauer and President streets in the CBD. This incident took place in full view and close proximity to three uniformed JMPD officers standing next to the traffic light outside Luthuli House.
Can you share a few of your favorite books or authors?
Why It’s Working: People don’t want to just throw their old things away. Givmo is a platform where people can come together to give (and take!) free stuff.
I was beginning to get in to the mood of things, as i rolled down the windows, i was overpowered by the loud blaring of songs and horns mixing together and giving birth to a crescendo that, in other circumstances, would have brought on a full fledged headache. But this was history in the making! I was a part of the revolution here!!
Courtesy of two very simple technologies, an extension lead for my laptop and a blind to shade the screen from the sun I can now sit on my terrace overlooking the roofs of Menton and theMediterranean Sea and pound away to my heart’s content.
The more oil we produce domestically and import from neighbors, the more we’re insulated from dramatic interruptions of global supplies. After the United States, Canada is the most dependable source of oil — or was until Obama’s decision.
-Merrell. The answer is no.
Bottom line: In one of the first Elseworlds titles, Alan Brennert takes an opportunity to explore the very core of Batman by pitting him against a theocratic state descended from Oliver Cromwell’s Protectorate. Its astonishing and complex ideas will change the way you see the Dark Knight, even over in our continuity. Brilliant.
And tread onward to your throne amid the mart?
Lily has been home for 4 months now and I am amazed at her vocabulary. She talks all the time and has lots of sentences. She started saying things like "I want it" after only being home 6 weeks! And she repeats anything - Andrew had her repeat him while he was counting in Spanish and she said them all! Just for fun, I thought I would start writing down her vocabulary so here is the start of the list....
*smoother*
My first mistake was the cookie recipe I used (usually epicurious doesn't let me down, but in this case maybe I should have looked for a Martha recipe?). The cookie came out very crumbly - but I didn't want crumbly, I wanted a substantial and dense chocolate cookie!
And guess what? He brought a friend! Two snakes! How fun! Not. Thankfully, the DH was home and he wrangled them on to the deck.
Anyway, we headed out after the game, and got home, and everyone was sleepy. We put the kids to bed, and CPT did some laundry while I tied up my blog. I'd done most of it already. It's now 11pm. We are keeping the kids out of school tomorrow because of the marriage retreat. We wanna leave at around 10:30am. Wish us luck! We haven't packed or anything. hehe. But we sure did have fun at the hockey game - LOL :)
I just love the impact that these few, and usually FREE touches make!
I think the late George Carlin put it best when he said that half the doctors and nurses out there practicing medicine were in the bottom half of their classes when studying for their qualifications.
Both weddings are different styles that fit each bride perfectly and I can't wait to see it all come together!
Manage distribution of contract documents to Engineering supporting group and related departments and maintain “Quality Records” of contract documents.
2 Tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
Between January and July 2009, Obama sent a bust of Winston Churchill back to the British embassy. He gave the Queen of England an iPod with 40 show tunes, photos of his inauguration, and two of his speeches. Former Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, was given a box set of 25 DVDs, all in a format that does not work in England. Later, eager to empty Guantanamo, he authorized the transfer of some detainees to a British protectorate, Bermuda, without consultation with the UK.
As promised, following my ‘tour’ of the Lake District during the April A-Z blogging challenge, I’m extending the tour to cover other interesting places in North West England. It’ll be another A-Z tour, but with a new one each week, rather than each day! So hope you’ll join me on my ‘Thursday Tour’ of this part of England.
Sheikh Sayeed made the comments in an interview with the blog The Samosa, before reiterating them later when contacted by The Independent.
Second, remember who you are and why you’re writing this book. What is your book about? What purpose(s) will it serve? Write your answers down and look at them from time to time as you write. (By the way, it’s OK to want to write a book simply to entertain people; the noblest art has sprung from just such a humble desire.)
in one-thought pieces.
I feel like I've spent half my time in the car this week, shuttling K-boy and M-girl back and forth to drama. Their performance venue is over a half hour drive from our home, so the car hours have added up quickly.
We are not together.
- Payroll deduction
Brandon Holstein: At What age did you become involved in the game of football and how quickly did you fall in love with it?
As I headed into the grove, instead of just the empty sanctuary, I saw this gentleman and his Christmas tree. He was carefully taking the ornaments off of the tree and placing them in a plastic bucket. It was quite cold outside and he had a lot of ornaments to take off of the tree, so I asked him if he needed any help. He looked surprised and happy, so together we spent at least an hour undecorating the tree and talking.
that i wasn't attending.
Which accompanies the soothing sigh
but I can see that we must Fight Until the End!
This week free gift is a Monster Blades battle pack…
I want to let my light shine into the darkness around me instead of complaining about it. I want to nurture a family culture of peace and love so that when we feel overwhelmed by the culture-at-large, we have a safe haven.
This house was built in 1928 and had not been rented out since 1960 - oh my and we are taking 15 teenagers to this house. One of the statements inside the house said "she's old, treat her gently"
“I think about color all the time, do you?...do you want to do a project around color?” ---Responding with a 'YES!' to that email from Lynne Perrella was the domino that started a chain reaction of good fortune and involvement with a fabulous group of artists that has lasted a decade or more.
Rajab accused the government of repeated human rights violations against its people, while Davidson said the recent Bassiouni report amounted to the government “papering over cracks”.
I take a bag of chicken breasts. Thaw until they are easy to slice. I slice down the middle like a butterfly cut. This makes each breast thinner. It is also easier if they are still a bit on the frozen side. I put them on my broiler pan. I drizzle with olive oil and then add spices. Some nights I might choose a Mrs. Dash flavor or Cavender's. Other nights I will choose Montreal Chicken Seasoning. When my herb garden is in full swing, I might just grab some fresh herbs and use those sprinkled with some Kosher Salt. It isn't rocket science..just use the herbs that your family likes. I then bake it at 375 until done. It takes less than 30 minutes in my oven. I serve it was a large green salad. If it were on a weekend, I would make some homemade bread and a dessert to dress it up a bit...oh wait, I wouldn't serve this dish on a weekend. This is just my go to weekday meal plan!
Since we had all the openness going on, I figured I would ask Aliviya if she had used at all and she said YES! OMG! So I have 2 kids that are using marijuana. I asked them which kids have it and they are doing it with and they said pretty much everyone they hang out with. Do I start calling parents? Do I ground them from all of these kids. I know if they are determined to do it, they will find a way. I have to reach them on a different level where they want to make better decisions. I am at a loss. I can only have a say until they are 18 and it is especially hard in our area because it is legal for medicinal use so kids have easy access because a lot of parents are licensed users and there are as many dispensaries as there are liquor stores.
Zechariah 10:3
how fun it can be
When I’m back on my laptop, I’ll send you some pics from Memphis in Aug if you want ..
I also really liked how historical events were peppered through the diary but not fully explained. It wouldn’t be normal for someone to go on and on about the back story of the Donner party, but that event would certainly have made it into their diaries and affected some of the choices that they made. Rest assured though, there is a lengthy historical note at the end where all of these mentioned historical events are more thoroughly explained.
I want to talk to you today about passive voice. Passive voice happens when the subject and the object are reversed so that the object comes first.
The Forum ( formerly the Town & Country Club ) is an impressive venue: a 1930's art deco cinema, converted into a 2000+ capacity concert hall, with a pretty decent sound and light system. The surrounding area of Kentish Town wasn't too pretty, so we didn't linger long outside.
But really, the magazine is aimed at people who can’t get online or who may not frequent the internet often, maybe that’s the magazines main target audience and if that’s the case, the six pounds is justified as is the demo disc of old demos. It isn’t offensive reading material either, but it isn’t anything which is going to be memorable, it is quirk free, no-nonsense official. And that’s what it is meant to be.
New on our website is a Gallery of images taken on the 12″ LX200-ACF Meade Telescope. We have images of planets, nebulae and a globular cluster. Tell us which one is your favourite and why! There are more coming of the Moon, Mars, a galaxy… We look forward to seeing what our students come up with.
Don't take anything personally
And all you need to do to play along is use a digi!!! It can be a digi image, sentiment, paper, whatever! Just print it and play along!
"I know! I can't find anything like it in the literature. Not in humans, anyway."
Not really sure what kind of lizard I'm paying homage to... I kind of think it's more of a Winter vs. Summer kind of thing going on here, with some nice glowy gold and green inside.
But, back to the book - my favorite reading material is Spiritual writing. I've read lots and lots of books. There are all kinds of books on Spirituality, what it means, how to find it, where to look, and what to read. Cindy goes right to the source, the bible, specifically the Book of Psalms.
So we headed to Home Depot to get the rest of the supplies. The most important supply was a tool we were missing: a skill saw to make the cuts. So we paid the $40 and got one, finally (it's not like we'll never use it again!)
Such a cutie! My 9 year old looks so OLD! hehehe. (It's an air soft pistol, not a real gun, just so you know :)
We're also used to seeing our faces straight on, not in profile, so our noses, brows and chins look like they stick out much further than we expect them to.
One room living on opposite shifts isn’t gonna work to well.
The owners are trained also trained by Heifer International
Active intra-abdominal hemorrhage ,intrauterine pregnancy.breast feeding;
When we got on the river (Nanay convinced us that it’s too hot in the beach), he’s excited and anxious at the same time. Instead of swimming, he would sit on the stones and take a glance at everybody enjoying.
Ink: Real Red, Chocolate Chip
Africa's greatest prosperity occurred during the short of colonialism. If we had been left alone for another hundred years, Africa could have been a super-power. In recent decades Africa has been moving backwards. Now to those of us who live here - none of this comes as a surprise. We just look at it and remark: "We told you so!"
Made it through another week safely (I think).
But Paul Dacre (while potty) is straight. He knew what some of his lot were up to at the Daily Mail four or five years ago, and ordered them to stop. Most of them migrated to other newspapers with lower standards, and continued to ply their foul trade. Dacre was glad to see the back of them. Other mad people who welcomed them with open arms must be wishing they hadn’t.
In fact Lee and I have become such close friends that when my father passed away in late 2009, it was Lee who first came to my side to console me. I now want to be there for her and Tim as they grieve their mother.
Damn. Another opportunity missed.
I know and you know that when I, or you and/or your friends say "I'm doing everything right and I'm not losing any weight" that it's bullshit. Whether we lie to ourselves or lie to others at one time or another we have probably exaggerated our real efforts. On the other hand there are times when you or I really are doing everything right and are not losing and THAT is some bullshit too! It is so frustrating.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone by J.K.Rowling
And the driver is a nursing sister she met once whilst participating in a hospice bereavement workshop thing. She often tried to donate blood, but was always told that she needed it more than the blood bank. And once when she had tried to sign up for Life Line she was rousted out before the introductory course. Quite perplexed why she must surely be one of the few volunteers to be denied membership to this human flotilla she asked them why and was told that basically it was a service where one listened and as people expressed themselves to the listener then they would come to their own decisions. Whereas they had immediately ‘diagnosed’ her as one who would say upon hearing about continued abuse to leave the bastard, just leave, now. She was most impressed by their astuteness in reading her character.
It wasn't a great day for pictures, but I took some anyway.
For styling this dining set, I used simple props. I wanted the details of the furniture to be the focus of this set. I love the painting that is hanging on the wall for its abstract, simple, yet warm look. I can see myself having something like that in my house. Except I cannot afford the beautiful painting.
“Nothing did more to spur the boom in stocks than the decision made by the New York Federal Reserve bank, in the spring of 1927, to cut the rediscount rate. Benjamin Strong, Governor of the bank, was chief advocate of this unwise measure, which was taken largely at the behest of Montagu Norman of the Bank of England….At the time of the Banks action I warned of its consequences….I felt that sooner or later the market had to break.” – Money baron Bernard Baruch in Baruch: The Public Years (1960)
Important note regarding car seats and winter in general: Please, for the love of safety, do not put your baby in a bulky or fluffy snow suit or coat. The fabrics compress in a crash and leave room for the baby to fly out of the seat. One test to see if the coat is too bulky? Put the baby in the car seat while wearing it and tighten the straps appropriately. Then, without loosening the straps, take the baby out and remove the coat. Put the baby back in the seat without changing the tightness of the straps. With a fluffy snowsuit your reaction will probably be OMG THERE IS SO MUCH SLACK THAT IS SO SCARY OMG WHY DO THEY EVEN SELL THESE THINGS? We use a one-layer fleece jacket and the above fleece carseat cover and she's perfectly warm. If she needs to come out of her carseat and be in the cold, I bring a warm blanket, but really - when does that ever happen? Once she's out of the infant seat it will occur more, but that's when the ingenius "backwards coat" trick comes into play - once they are strapped into the carseat, put their big heavy fluffy coat over them backwards. Brilliant!
We're thinking we might have a whole week dedicated to
if you can buy organic, grass-fed beef i would highly recommend doing so. oh, and the bottle of red wine i bought? probably not a "good" one. it was $4 at the suggestion of the guy at whole foods. and it was perfect. ps: i didn't marinate the beef overnight. it was only in there for a few hours. still: perfect.
Here is someone spinning, in the Himalayas.
Being a Singaporean is my blessing.
I wouldn't use my blog to raise money, normally, but the people who read it are just uniformly nice. I thought you'd like an opportunity to help. Thanks guys!
While we're fascinated with that here, Kiwis in the last several weeks have been digging Twinings' latest creation, New Zealand Breakfast Tea. The new blend is the result of a contest in which New Zealanders were asked to create a blend that represented their taste. A fellow named Andrew Fenemor won, and his suggestion was fine-tuned by Twinings for this new offering. Doesn't appear, though, that it's made of tea grown in New Zealand.
“THE ONE WHO WORKS FOR ASABIYA, CALLS FOR ASABIYA OR FIGHTS FOR ASABIYA IS NOT ONE OF US….AND HE IS LIKE THE (censored in case of lese majeste) WHO LIVES IN (censored in case of lese majeste)“. PROPHET MUHAMMAD(PBUH). 14+ centuries on, the Quran can be applied, well in obvious cases like these at any rate.
A few weeks later, Jonathan initiated the conversation. "Can China get me in trouble?" he asked. No, was Sue's answer, you are safe from China. "OK," Jonathan replied, "then I am 17, not 13."
I love my iPad for several reasons, one of which is all the fun educational games my kids can play. But there are so many apps out there that sometimes it is hard to know which ones to get. A few months back I had reviewed the jumpstart.com website, and they contacted me again asking if I had heard of their apps, and would I like to review a couple. I had not heard of them, and was glad to check them out!
She encourages his growth and development. They play games, sing songs, read books, walk, talk, scream, squeal, play follow the babies, use American Sign Language to assist in communication, and much much MUCH more.
Planting seeds, on the other hand, is more gratifying and rewarding in some ways. The sense of anticipation, waiting for those first shoots to appear, is worth the wait. You go out day after day and water the soil. Each day you look for signs of life, already knowing there won’t be any.
We have more in common than what we don’t have in common. But you cannot get to that understanding when you “other” people. When you cause that separation, it is hard to see what glues us together. And that is exactly what Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. fought against during the Civil Rights Movement.
1/4 cup plain non-fat greek yogurt
That truth? True learning is interest lead and passion based.
--I'm still keeping my eyes open for the possibility of something else coming along before print (such as above friend's favoured 3d8), but I'm not holding my breath, to mix metaphors.
I left to pick up g-son early today to stop by Aldi and Sav Mor to get baking supplies. When I arrived to get g-son he was having a fun time playing with his friends so I waited for all the other parents and grandparents to get there so the kids could all leave together.
When I joined Rachael Harrie’s Fourth Writers’ Platform-Building Campaign, my goal was to network with other writers and hopefully learn a few things about establishing an online platform for my pen name. The whole experience turned out to be incredible from both business and creative standpoints. I found myself in the mix of some pretty incredible writers, which makes my next bit of news all that more amazing.
But when Miss Battle-Axe makes him stand at the back, Henry is furious. How on earth is he going to get himself noticed now?
How do you deal with difficult people at work? Has gender differences created uphill challenges for you?
We play until each person put all of their popsicle sticks into the container, and then begin again!
I sometimes toast the quinoa first, then bring to boil in seasoned water or a water/broth mixture, and simmer until water is absorbed (like rice).
I happen to have the MOST amazing web guy EVER!!!!
The moment God saves the believing sinner, at that very moment, that one, becomes a saint and a member of the Church, Which is the Body of Christ. (Ephesians 1:23, Ephesians 4:4-5, Colossians 1:25-26). In 2 Cor. 1:21-22 we read that God establishes the believer and anoints the believer, “God, Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.” In Ephesians 4:9-13 we learn how God is building up the Body of Christ, “For the building up of the Body of Christ, Till we all come in the unity (oneness) of The Faith, unto a perfect man.”
Perhaps more reflective of fundamental economic conditions, the number of open positions in the construction sector increased somewhat in March. The number of open positions in the sector increased to 96,000, the highest level since September of last year.
I've had two oopses.
My life is a wonderful gift from GOD! I choose to live it honorably. I choose to love fully, expanding imposed limitations. I Love my life! I cherish my life!
This kind of demographic shift is typical, if not more pronounced, in the other Provinces as well.
It is pouring here today, which makes it seems totally fitting for me to reveal the paint color I picked out for my main bathroom. Yesterday my family was guessing that I went with orange or coral so they were in a complete shock when they show what I really picked!
'Confer' is derived from the Latin 'conferre' which harbours three meanings: to compile, to bestow and to compare. Inevitably, as a first collection, 'to compile' is particularly resonant, encompassing as it does the peculiar practice of gathering together and ordering one's poems.
No matter where she goes.
For a continuation of this month’s activities by greater minds than mine (not hard to find), in the short analysis of poems or poetic genres accompanying anthologies of poems, one cannot go far wrong with Staying Alive, edited by Neil Astley and published by Bloodaxe Books, or Axed Between The Ears edited by David Kitchen and published by Heinemann. 52 Ways of Looking at a Poem, edited & commentated by Ruth Padel is, as one might expect, also a good way to continue learning about poetry and poetry analysis.
This chain of command is vitally important. It’s how we ensure what gets on the air is of the highest quality and accuracy. Each of these people is a seasoned professional who wants the best for the show, but they don’t always agree on how to get there. For my words to run the gauntlet from my computer to your television screen unscathed is pretty much unheard of.
Goodbye my friend.
With big hugs to all,
So when I got pregnant at the end of July last year, I went on the hunt for the perfect dress, but couldn't find anything. After a couple weeks of hunting, I found an adorable striped maternity top at Gap, and decided to make my own. I bought two shirts (one in my regular size and one a size up), then chopped the larger one off right under the armpits, removed the side ruching, line up the stripes, and sewed the two shirts together. Voila, maternity dress! I loved it.
Like Mitchell in Being Human the Radleys are trying to live as human a life as possible but unlike the vampires in the TV shows (and indeed most vampires) they’re not dead. Nor are they immortal but if they take care of themselves – and by that I mean drink blood regularly – then they can hope to live for a good couple of hundred years. There are a number of fictional vampires who refrain from feeding on humans (Angel, Blade – although strictly speaking he’s a dhampir – the Cullen Clan in Twilight) but very few of them can still say they live a normal life. The Radleys, however, are your common-or-garden, married, middle class couple with two teenage children, Rowan and Clara, who live behind the white picket fence of 17 Orchard Lane in the quaint English village of Bishopthorpe where they moved sixteen years earlier. It was at that point they decided to make a conscious break with the past and chose to become abstainers. Peter is the village doctor. His wife, Helen, is content to be a housewife, to do a little painting and raise the kids.
Then, I happened upon a Facebook status update from Becky Higgins about the site makeover of the meal planning site she uses for her family. I clicked through to the link read about the program and the reviews, saw the very low cost and decided to give it a go. I joined E-Mealz within minutes, after a brief search for an online coupon yielded an extra discount (entering the code "Dave" at checkout gives you $2.50 off, bring the cost of a three month membership to only $12.50).
Can losing weight get any simpler? I don’t think so. This example-day is the perfect sensible way of eating. You basically eat almost all of the time, you can (and should) take as much time as you want to ‘finish’ one of the food intakes, and if you want to you can stretch an intake over two hours or so and get straight into the next food intake time – easy!
Tomorrow is the blog hop! Come back and join in.
Once you gather the things that you need start out by putting your hamburger on to cook. You will want to cook until browned, drain your grease out then you will want to add your taco seasoning just like they tell you on the package. Also go ahead and preheat your oven to 350F
However, people (either drivers or pedestrians) are afraid and totally against them. I even got this old person’s contact details seeing how he was ready to speak, so I though keep them maybe because Rosie might need a guest. However, later I found out that if you can’t find a guest for your story, you usually resort to a vox and therefore in my case having both was totally unnecessary (and besides, she preferred the vox).
People keep telling me I’m in Denial but I’m positive I’ve never been there before!
Who flutters by
Today was a good day at tafe, everyone is starting to chill a bit more and talk.. the first few months when everyone is settling in and still getting to know each other can be often quite awkward. I had a full day of laughing with my friend (i be-friended him like the second day in class we decided we could hang shit on each other) he just kept making me laugh and then i would make him laugh so it was a laughing day! we get on great! i think we will have a good friendship!
We are such a fragmented body politic in this country that we are subjected to minority rule. What ever minority at the time makes the most noise seems to rule. It seems to me that the party in power, democratic, and the party of loyal dissent, republican are so at odds that they seem to take delight in simply negating the power of the other party without regard to the will of the citizens. I wish the voters of the U.S. would somehow come together and take back control of our country. I think it is important that the two parties work together to fashion legislation that reflects the will of the citizens instead of the will of the representatives.
I did a little paper-piecing with the spot and feet and of course,
Lead Guitar – Steve Napoleoni Monge
I don’t think I made it even a block before I realized it wasn’t a game any more. I ran as fast as my little feet could carry me only to find Mom running out to the road where we hugged. I was bawling and Mom was trying not to laugh as she said how much she missed me and how glad she was I came back!
I have been busy not only with Christmas preparations, finishing some paintings for an exhibit, and getting those Valentines ready for Operation Write Home heroes which had to be on their way in time for them to write their love messages to family and friends as February is just a month away.
Just as last week we have a gift voucher up for grabs. It's worth $20. It's yours if you are drawn by Mr Random and you have used a Paper Shelter image. If you are the lucky winner and have played with another brand of stamps you have won three digis of your choice. Pretty good that too!
In Tower Hamlets (one of the poorest areas in the UK), the charity Shelter calculates that the annual earnings a tenant needs to make renting a flat affordable are £67,669. It’s a figure I find difficult to read out loud without lisping, let alone conceive of earning myself. It’s not achievable – in fact, it makes me feel like I’m going a bit mad. And it highlights the ever-lurking threat of homelessness – that slow slide over a year from being made redundant, to being priced out of your shared flat, to carrying your rucksack between friends’ futons, and then, after a clipped conversation in their little blue kitchen, sitting on a bench at dawn with nowhere to go.
Ad Age has something called the Power 150 in which they rank about 1,100 advertising blogs in terms of... I don't know, they just rank them.
Are we really living in such unenlightened times that men called ‘Richard’ can’t have a familiar abbreviation? All Dicks face an unenviable choice. Do we bear the stigma of the shortened form of our name or do we append an ‘ie’ to become a ‘Dickie’? Though I respect Dickie Davies, Dickie Bird, and Dickie Attenborough, I’ve always believed that ‘Dickie’ is the coward’s way out. It’s fine if you want to be patronised as some doddering national treasure but I want to be taken seriously as a modern vigorous Dick.
Peel the potatoes and parsnips. Place in a large pot and add enough cold water to cover completely. Cover with the lid and place on the back burner out of the way.
I have rewritten and reread this post many times and I still can’t stop it from sounding a bit gay. But you know what; I’m actually okay with that. In fact, I’m going to test the gayness of this post by adding pink points to the gayest parts (represented by this symbol ) followed up by a rating on my gayometer.
I’ll just search through my intellect,
Thus begins J.R.R. Tolkien’s classic tale, which continues in The Two Towers and The Return of the King
13. Unschoolers are prepared for the world because they've always lived in it.
Everytime I look at it, I think of Keely and the wonderful True Colors event and how marvelous it was to finally meet some of the artists for the first time -- and to reconnect with other longtime friends.
This time last year, God had really laid a verse on my heart, "From everyone who has been given much, much will be demanded; and from the one who has been entrusted with much, much more will be asked." Luke 12:48 Out of the meditation on this verse, our call to become foster parents was born. Now with 6 wonderful kids, a bigger car, a bigger house and a higher paying job for Seth, to be honest, I'm a little intimidated thinking of what God will call us to this year. Seth is speaking at the statewide 8308 foster care awareness conference at the end of this month. Please pray for wisdom and guidance for him when it comes to writing his speech and that the Holy Spirit speaks boldly through him.
The same collapse swept the eastern seaboard of North America, where settled farming villages were established by 2000 BCE, and complex agricultural societies with rich political, cultural and religious traditions thrived for many centuries before 1492. (A thousand years before the founding of Jamestown, the level of cultural sophistication in the Chesapeake Bay tribes was arguably higher than that found among the inhabitants of Dark Age England.) After a century of dieoff, the survivors were scattered in small communities across a mostly vacant landscape. That was what the first waves of European colonists encountered. They told themselves they were settling in a wilderness, but they were quite wrong: they were arriving in a land that had been settled and farmed for countless generations before their time, and benefited immensely from the legacies of the peoples whose surviving descendants they elbowed out of the way.
I hope you will join us in this weeks challenge of:-
Thanks for reading and keep smiling.
Tina is my oldest daughter. Today is her birthday. She’s 27.
In cases of short-term insomnia triggered by jet lag, a physician may recommend sleeping pills or prescription medication. Such medication should be taken only under the guidance of a health care professional.
I also have a love-hate relationship with the Oregon Duck. I mean he is a rival so I have to hate him but he is pretty funny when he's on GameDay and also his ESPN SportsCenter commercial is hilarious. Hope everybody is having a good week so far! xoxo
After a few necessary developments to bring Asgard back from Ragnorak, and cleverly dropping it in my home state of Oklahoma, Straczynski got on with the nifty plot twists: Loki’s return, his clever means of getting the more dubious Asgardians back on their feet, and his manipulation of time and Thor to put Balder on the throne were great reading.
Ima go cause I got no problem with saying goodbye
What, you may think, has this to do with our own elections? Nothing, actually.
Anyway rant over! i love this one kinda reminds me of me when i was little with the big boots and umberella so typical me as a little girl!
This is the last official day of the holiday season here in Sweden. The kids go back to school tomorrow and that means Mommy goes back to work full-throttle. I'm so behind, I don't think I'll know where to begin. Been thoroughly enjoying the sleep-ins till 9 every morning too. Waking up at 6:45 is gonna be murder on all of us tomorrow that's for sure. But truth be told, I'm actually looking forward to getting back to the grind. Too much lazy time. Too many carbs, not all of which I've enjoyed.
The cards are presented with black and white scans, a discussion of the card, and the imagery used, upright and reversed keywords, and traditional divinatory meanings. Short quotes are used throughout the book, many from one of my favorite people, Joseph Campbell.
This album shows why Cannibal Corpse is one of the elite bands in death metal. Every song boasts quality riffs that are catchy and brutal, as well as good solos and a mix of speeds. They intersperse fast sections with monstrously thick slower parts, giving dynamics to the overall sound. And though I'll concede that George "Corpsegrinder" Fisher's vocals are somewhat monotonous, his delivery is vicious while still being intelligible, so I'll give him credit. It seems to me that anyone who's into death metal would have to try to find something to dislike about this music.
As One Devil to Another feels like I have just come upon the collection of letters from one demon to another demon and get to eavesdrop. You can’t help but feel some sympathy for Scardagger and the other demons who know where they are headed and that they can’t possibly win.
Note, these puke rules really only apply to the onset of puking. Once the kids know they’re sick, they get to keep an ice cream bucket near their side at all times.
only for what money can buy
We also are for the freedom of mind and the freedom of intellectual exchange.
That's living.
Friday - Casual day at work - but missed a picture
But that’s just stupid. And my parents would be devastated and i could never do that to them.
I email my insurance claims center and praise the phone person for handling Shark Man with such sweetness of spirit. I don’t know if she will get the message, but I pray she found other encouragement that day from her friends and co-workers or a husband at home who will cover her tears with his hug. I pray, too, for Shark Man. Looking at him through the lens of God I see a man, tired and disappointed, who only sees people as dollar signs. I think he carries great burdens on his shoulders. He needs to see God to be a good salesman or to be a human being.
For some mid-life crisis suffering guys, adventure comes in the form of a fast sports car. The thrill of going down an open highway with the accelerator pushed to the floorboard brings back carefree teenage days when their highest priority was getting a cheerleader with big boobies into the backseat of his car. Speaking personally for myself, while at one time I did own, what was to me, a very special sports car I was far more into slowly cruising Ocean Boulevard of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina checking out the young ladies. For reasons I cannot really explain the second I went five miles over the speed limit every fat deputy sheriff and fanatical highway patrolman in Georgetown county would be on my tail flashing their blue lights. Anyone who has to pay car insurance would know speeding tickets have a way of severely cutting into a person’s spending money. Since spending money for me is a still a hard thing for me to come by, I still relish taking life slowly.
I have not heard an explanation from the Deputies opposite for their stance. I heard references to slash and burn but we are spending more than €20 billion on social protection. People who work contribute the taxes and PRSI that allow this money to be spent. Approximately 40% of all government expenditure is on social protection.
Her doctor explained to us that medically she was a miracle, but it was the technical aspect of her tiny size that got her in the end. Her tiny veins were as thin as tissue paper and the fluids that she was being given leaked out of her veins. This fluid then pooled around her heart. Eventually her heart could not pump and that is when she went into distress. This distress caused the blood vessels in her lungs to burst and we were told the same probably happened in her brain. She was just so small her body could not handle that type of stress. We could not be more proud of our little girl. She fought so hard to live and never once gave up.
New Hampshireis the only state to host the formal conclusion of a foreign war. In 1905, the treaty ending the Russo-Japanese War was signed inPortsmouth.
Russia's Vapid and Misguided Immigration Policy
*Sorry but any entry not following rules will be deleted and not eligible for the prizes*
but abrogation of the law. Abrogate means to abolish by authoritative
Trim to edge the pocket (I used rick rack)
Order more stock.
The entire album doesn't feature the heavier 70s groove like L'unica Chance. The remaining tracks better reflect the cheesecake cover image in that the vibe is more laid back, smoky and romantic. I hope you agree that the vocal treatment on Mistero is pretty awesome.
Its been a toughy! But I’m getting there and pleased to say, with the help of the challenge I now have had over 2000 views and almost 70 followers! So I thank you all right from the little bug that lives in my heart!
- Beat eggs slightly. Add butter, oil and sugar and beat until smooth.
A place like this stands in sharp contrast to the city gardens I've been stomping around the last few years. At the BBG the other day I watched a security gaurd yell at a woman who was settling down in the grass amidst the lilac grove. NO LYING ON THE GRASS!! Of course it makes sense, thousands of people have to be able to enjoy the gardens on any given day, rules alleviate the stresses of so much traffic.
Sometimes the brother of a dead man will marry the widow and support her and her children. But many divorced women find it difficult to remarry.
We cannot see the victims as more important than the message. All these messages that these people share with us, via blood and death? Why are they more important that the telegram:
Lower Egypt rural = 29%
"No," his friend replied, "This is good!"
Oh, servants of God, just marinate in the Lord, right now. Allow yourselves to be smothered in Jesus Love for you. Yes, suffocate yourself in His compassion and grace. You are a great woman of God, and a great helpmate to your husbands and to God for the single women. You are a precious jewel because of your strength and integrity to care for your family and make home, a home. Oh, how God loves you. He loves us so much. Surrender the old you and allow yourselves to be transformed into the Master’s Hand.
This is the chicken man. He is the most incredible butcher of poultry I have ever seen. His ability to de-bone and prepare a chicken breast sotille (very thin) is nothing short of mastery.
The authors “express these freedoms in a way that subsequent users can use and rely upon without the need to hire a lawyer,” (Lessig, 2004, p. 283) in the case of copyright infringement. There are people who want to publish their works in an open manner, in a public domain, in which other people can freely use the author’s work (while giving credit) to create something new. “It does this by making it easy for people to build upon other people’s work, by making it simple for creators to express the freedom for others to take and build upon their work,” (Lessig, 2004, p. 282). If an author allows the freedom for others to use his or her video or music to create something new, then it is not illegal for the user to do so and post it online—as long as proper credit is given to the original author. If the credit is not given, then the user is violating the Creative Commons license as well as copyright law.
I think she is very wise.
You may or may not remember the song Heavy in Your Arms, by Florence and The Machine. Many people go away from that with the wrong impression. Or, at least one different from mine. I actually have enjoyed such loves, and greatly, in the past. I wouldn't want to marry into it, but for a time it is a rather romantic type of thing, somewhat exciting for a number of reasons (which you will have to figure out for yourself). Well, at least if you can bear the weight of a recalcitrant woman. I can. Then again I'm sort of into the whole, real, goth thing. Yes, very idealized romanticism come to life. Of course, there can be the downside. In this, click over to about 4:16, with the climax at about 6:46 (skip the overt hyper-pop-goth crap). Well, all I am saying is the two songs seem to... represent a unique romantic experience. Well, not unique, more like somewhat rare (and better that way). It was better than the No Doubt song type romance though, imho.
The geraniums are all in the basement--it worked so well last year leaving them in pots down there that I am doing it again. I figure, if it works, Yea!, and if not, well, I did get two years out of them.
My husband Alberto and I have gone through a lot since that photo shoot. It is sweet for us to see ourselves in the pages of Undecorate, again a frozen moment of time, happy and healthy standing on our front porch surrounded by the lush greenery, vastly enjoying the company of the entire Dwell team that also surrounded us. They are a very lovely and loving group of people. All of those ferns in the photo, froze and died in one bad winter after the shoot, and in a way Alberto froze and died one winter in Calgary. But the lush garden has come back, and so has Alberto. We still feel the love from the Dwell team, and from all the bloggers who pulled us through that winter."
There were signs, faces painted and school spirit evident from every seat in every section in the upper level.
Once when I crossed the swinging bridge to get the mail, I cautiously tip-toed up to the Dynamite House and peered inside, in the half-darkness I saw piled-up wooden boxes, the ones closest to the door half-filled with sawdust and round, brownish sticks that looked like giant candles. One glimpse, and I tip-toed away, then ran for my life,
The random number generator choose #10.
George Canyon
Cole split his first year between short-season Eugene and single-A Baseball City, pitching as both a starter and a reliever. He then split 1989 between Baseball City and AA Memphis. At Memphis full-time for 1990, Cole got into 46 games, six starts, with an ERA of 4.35.
“His zipper is down.” She whispered loudly.
After we’d dried off and were feeling quite invigorated and refreshed we went and had a look at the Royal – as seen above! It was a bit difficult to find lunch – we had intended to have lunch at Jamie’s Italian, but the queue put us off and so we just went and found a little place that was rather amusing cos they didn’t quite seem to have their act together, but the food was ok!
The most surprising thing about the current heat wave affecting much of the United States is that no global warming charlatan is claiming that it is the result of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. Since the late 1980s, Americans were assailed with the global warming hoax until, in November 2009, the release of emails between the trolls ginning up false “climate models” were exposed.
Here are a couple new state ATC's I made for Swap-Bot - Missouri and Montana:
Again: you have eight days. (Although, if you're on the suspects list, you may only have two...)
Outside of my comfort zone.......
The business publication division was the first to adopt a multimedia format to show how they reach readers beyond print circulation. And in March, the ABC board approved an updated Consolidated Media Report format for business publications, which will be available for June 2012-ending statements.
I think it's safe to say that in one week, I watched this three times. It is just that good. The story of Sophie and Jason, in preparation before adopting a cat, they quit their jobs, cut off the internet and live for the thirty days they have left before the rest of their lives. It'll make you look at life and time in a whole new way. It's the quirky genius of Miranda July at its best. She just gets it, that's all I can say. And has a wardrobe to dream of in this too; tap shorts and 1920s swimming costumes, anyone?
She was on the best dressed list continually and received the Neiman Marcus
C1-2 Quadriplegic with a 223 High Bowling Game
3. Introduction by Annie Whitehead (0:18)
I'm going to go cook dinner and watch tv and chill for the rest of the evening.
Missions and bang-up battles are a acceptable accession to the Mario Kart mix.
Mark 2:12 And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.
MEARA MO, BRIEN AO, FEELY E, CONLON M. Influenza A outbreak in a community hospital. Ir Med J 2006; 99: 175-177.
and no matter what, at midnight, the calendar will flip to a new year.
Another thing that doesn’t work is the clash of tones. The trailer made the movie look like a comedy that the family could all enjoy, but with very dark moments and lots of sex it just doesn’t really mesh. Barnabas as a vampire who has trouble adjusting to the new era is funny, but how can you laugh at a character who murders people in cold blood. I think this does come
My book is officially out today and I’m delighted to say the media is taking notice. If you’d like to see some of the upshot, here’s the chat I got to do on the Washington Post parenting blog this morn.
Although the Joy of The Lord is my strength, im honest enough to share that (at times) the things of life taps into my joy and sometimes I feel weak and my faith gets frazzled…
The collection consists of 4 pieces and has 4 different types of glass shades which slide over the wooden neck. The collection is based on hidden light source, a warm LED spot.
They throw in Drummer Hodge, to rest
C: Oh! But I saw them give you key!
I was lucky enough to win the Newest Studio Calico line called Autumn Press from 2 Peas in a Bucket. I participated in their online social a few weeks ago and was lucky enough to win several goodies from this yet to be released line... you can see it here.. Studio Calico
…a Peruvian historian known for his extensive publications about the independent history of his country. He served during two different administrations as Minister of Education and was also director of the Peruvian National Library.
In fact, after the initial flurry, the horizontal cork squares rapidly became the more popular, which was a little frustrating to me given that I'd envisioned a fully covered large bulletin board. I thought its would look pretty cool, all fluttery and colorful. In fact, only a couple kids stuck with the vertical board while the others fell on the horizontal ones, some even objecting when I said they weren't "take home" art.
· Energy economics
This due diligence period is relatively new inGeorgia. We used to have “inspection periods” instead. In the former version of our purchase and sale agreement (with the inspection period rather than the due diligence period), it was tougher for a buyer to get out of a contract once she or he had entered into one – to terminate the contract, the buyer had to find a defect in the property through the inspection, ask the seller to fix it – AND the seller would have to refuse to fix it for the buyer to get out of the contract. If the seller agreed to fix all defects, the buyer was bound and would be liable for breach of contract if they failed to proceed.
*I promised Ava that I wouldn’t take videos or share pictures of her pre/post surgery. The surgeon did a great job, scarring will be minimal.
The Microsoft news seems to be largely being reported as being Microsoft looking at getting a stake in the ebook and digital content world. It looks like it potentially links the Nook ebook content into the microsoft operating system world and puts Microsoft in the same space as Apple and Amazon. There’s an interesting quote on the BBC website “Our complementary assets will accelerate e-reading innovation across a broad range of Windows devices, enabling people to not just read stories, but to be part of them,” said Andy Lees, president at Microsoft. And that seems to me to be envisaging an e-content experience that is far beyond current ebook look and feel.
Will there be a sequel to this explosive little tale? I have no idea. Do I want a sequel? That absolutely goes without saying.
By far, the eyes have the most to absorb here although the nose is certainly the runner-up! I could never be here without a camera because describing the beauty amid all the chaos that is SE Asia would be impossible! The magnificent skyline of Singapore seen from the Singapore Flyer, the beauty of the southern Thailand lagoons and limestone formations and white beaches with crystal clear water, the serene and surprising National Mosque in Kuala Lumpur, the silent parade of monks walking through hectic and never-stopping traffic of Bangkok – none of these things can be described without photos! And certainly, the people of Singapore, Malaysia, and Thailand, working, smiling, living life just like we do in America.
Another gorgeous gown for Anne Hathaway!
I have loved crafting since I was a small child; I remember loving to color and make things with paper back then. As a young adult I started collecting ephemera; I love the look, feel, and history of it. Over the years I have created with ceramics, beads, polymer clay and many other crafts and always have fun doing it. I will try anything....lol. I started scrapbooking 20 years ago when there was nothing on the market and had to dream up my own ideas. And about 8 years ago I joined a group of ladies who were card making, and we get together once a month to play. And that progressed to trading ATCs. My passion is cardmaking and I am loving playing with you all on Blogland...it's helping to feed my addiction to all things paper.
SO far,
In the main the session focused on what employers can or could do to help the situation through health and wellbeing programmes and what these might encompass. Little mention was given of individual responsibility and how, rather ironically in light of this topic, you can lead a horse to water…
First Round Matchups
Simply right click on the links below and save the file to your computer.
Feel free to suggest more!
Some things are meant to be done in secret so that only the Lord, who knows the heart, will see why we have done them. Other things are meant to be shared with all who will listen so that they will know Him, too. But all things are a matter of the heart and to whom it belongs.
(A lot more shit happened, so I'll post the other half later this week!)
Huge thanks to The Elephant for sending this across the Channel...
optional ingredients
DeLaurentis studied at Le Cordon Bleu and worked at Spago before becoming a food stylist and eventually landing on the Food Network.
Anyhow, I've become friendly with the nice lady that works the drive-thru where I do my banking and I noticed that she had a sassy new haircut. "Who does your hair?" I asked.
What kinds of logical consequences help you to stop nagging and yelling and encourage your kids to take responsibilities on for themselves?
I don't think this is 100% my mannequin hands shade, but it's close -- it's a closer match to what my hands are like when they're red. It's a bit lobstery in real life. I don't know how to describe it -- band-aid-ish, with red tones?
To join the Beer and Cheese Club at Goose the Market (in conjunction with Hoosier Beer Geek), check out this PDF and then either call Goose the Market at 317-924-4944 or stop in the shop at 2503 N. Delaware St.
The 13th annual San Juan Brewfest takes place Saturday in downtown Durango. Some 25 breweries are expected to attend the annual celebration of craft beer.
Helia Fillipe Saraiva, Instalações Eléctricas Industriais. Porto Is Alive: Media and Creativity in the City of Porto Landscape
You never knew me
There need to be spaces in your togetherness.
O: Office
VIVIENNE: Sprite
I can think of MANY things that I have
stamps: Delicate Doilies, Nature Walk
hostess for this weekly event. I think I got around to everyone
Now that that’s out of the way, I’ll let you in on another secret. My review is inevitably tainted by my personal tastes and preferences, which happen to not include hacker stories, and are likely very different from other’s personal tastes and preferences.
There's this massage-bed-looking thing in the room!!!???
The new City Hall is a creative gem, with four stories and a compact 115,300 square feet, and will no doubt attract the attention of the international architectural community. Austinites are notorious for having an askew, “outside-the-box” way of thinking, and the City Hall, appropriately enough, is a playful piece of origami made of limestone, concrete, steel, copper, and glass, with planes and lines and angles running this way and that.
Discussion Questions
kicking the pink shoes with white laces
I have made up a quote. "Heroin is for artist for whom the world is too painful to life without." ~Anna Young~ So many artist get caught up in drugs. I think we feel life on a much more raw level than others. I don't blame my past for my use of drugs. I was just rebelling. Found solice in opiates.
Last night was sleepless, a rare symptom here, and during it I thought this: our contents insurers have appointed a firm to try to get Upstairs’ insurers to pay for the ceiling. They sent me some questions, and were kind enough to say that my answers were helpful. If they succeed, surely Upstairs’ insurers have also thereby acknowledged their responsibility for our things, a few feet below. Whether they (the things) were insured or not is totally irrelevant. And if Upstairs’ insurance doesn’t extend to our things, then…
Where you may overload them is in the extra stuff. Like the stuffed reindeer or the life sized talking Santa. The good rule of thumb when decorating the interior of your “for sale” property during the Christmas season is keep it simple and classic. Your tree, stockings some lights and maybe a garland or two. But don’t forgo the decorations all together. Home buyers understand that you have to live in the house to. And the feeling of a ”lived” in home shines truer with any buyer. Any time of the year.
- ¼ tsp salt
The air has finally begun to cool.
Bersih 3.0 is expected to produce an even bigger crowd than last July’s, and there will be simultaneous rallies in Kuching, Miri and Sibu.
Using a mortar & pestle grind the garlic with a little sea salt and then add chilli, sage leaves and thyme. (Note that you can use as many or as few herbs as you like here- my herbs change depending on what I have.) Grind to a paste. Then add the rind of the lemon and juice and the fennel seeds. Then add the ricotta and about a tablespoon of olive oil and stir through. I like to add white pepper as well. Adjust seasoning to taste. And of course you can change any or ALL of these ingredients to whatever you like- no rules here!
My mind didn’t remember what it was like to be whole, so most of the time I didn’t long to be put back together again. If all one knows is a state of brokenness, then how can one long for something else. But my body remembered, so it longed for the too short time when it knew completeness. From a place deep inside the yearning was so intense that it translated into pain. The painful longing mixed with forgotten pain, and together they created an unrest so powerful that it can make a girl run for years and years, terrified of looking back. Running for reasons unknown, reasons that felt too threatening to stop and ask why she was running.
You are precious in His sight. You are worth dying for. You belong to Him. You are His child. His love for you is immeasurable and unending and unconditional…
I could have set a budget but I love the building and wanted to make homes that I would want to live in myself. It’s probably not a very good developer way of looking at it
Besides, I’m really disturbed by the frequency of finding hair in my food after today’s incident, which marks the 3rd time in 3 months.
The most exciting thing about the win is that the Union finished it with nine men on the field. Keon Daniel and Gabriel Farfan were both sent off for rough tackles in the second half. Zac MacMath the Union Defense deserve a lot of credit for holding on to the narrow lead. They extended the Union’s clean sheet streak to 332 minutes, more than three and a half games.
Today, I have a vivid memory of one experience in particular while vacationning one july. I had just arrived Hotel Le Crystal for an extended stay in Montreal to do some writing and simply enjoy some time away from the familliar faces. Immediatelty, as I often do, I dropped off my lugage and walked around the city to find a quite cafe which to make my unofficial writing quaters for my duration of my stay. I remember finding a place by Place Victor Hugo, sitting to a tea and noticing a young lady crossing the street. Now usually the sight of a young lady isn't enough to interrupt my writing, but something about this one made me watch her as she carefreely crossed the street and went into the corner deli. My first instinct was to look at my watch and register the time and make a mental note(this is a practice I to this day maintain, as to have an idea of what time the initial contact was made). I continued my writing and as she walked out the store, made another mental note as to which direction she went.
I made several schoolgirl errors when I made this.
I don't suppose that it will have any impact whatsoever, but, what the hell, we've got nothing to lose have we?
Bryant KA, Stover BH, Batcher DF, et al. A multi-center influenza immunization initiative for pediatric health care workers. Presented at the 38th annual meeting of the Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA), 9/8/2000, New Orleans; ICHE.
When the light varies of an EV, to compensate you have to change your shutter time by one or one stop on the aperture, then if the light increase of a single EV it means that to reach the correct lighting intensity on the sensor you have to close the aperture of one stop or set a faster shutter time. But the time and the aperture don't change just depending on the light intensity but also depending on the ISO sensitivity set.
Gimme Some Money
5 previous
Take a little dough and shape into a ball.Place it on a well greased Zip Lock bag/ Plastic sheet/ small plate and pat it down to a patty.Poke a hole right in the center with your finger to make a doughnut.
I’d finished TWO different manuscripts in the time between HENRY FRANKS going out on submission and finding out that the book had sold. Two. I’d spent months revising and editing them both but neither one was ready yet to go out on submission itself. They still needed more editing and I just couldn’t find the ability to do any of it. Both manuscripts just sat there, listening to me cough.
A guy got off of the plane and when we were outside he told me that he had cried on the plane. He, too, had an entire row on the plane to himself. He thought it was going to be the end. It was the first time ever that I thought to myself that I wished someone was sitting next to me on the plane so that I would have had someone’s hand to hold. I wished him luck in life…just in case we never cross paths ever again.
Pamela Kimball’s birthday present, a 1Night Stand adventure, promises to jump-start her life, put a new man in her bed, and help her forget her past. Unfortunately, movie-buff Pam’s Pirates of the Caribbean fantasy takes an alarming wrong turn when she’s abandoned on a not quite deserted island—with ex-husband Roger Ware.
The research shows children aged from six to 11 are drawn to the slickly presented packs, responding with remarks such as, "It makes you feel you're in a wonderland of happiness", "It reminds me of a Ferrari" and "Yeah, pink, pink, pink." Jean King, director of tobacco control for the charity, said: "Children are drawn to the colourful and slick designs without having a full understanding of how deadly the product is inside the pack. It is time to end the packet racket."
What I used for this experiment is what I think is the equivalent for what is called “Rump Steak” (literally translated from Swedish it’s the “outer thigh”, but the way the butchers cut the meat differs between e.g. Sweden, US an UK, so that is why it’s hard to find an exact translation…).
Doctor Salary = ( More than six digits )
A few months back, a woman with whom I share a mutual friend called to ask if she could leave her truck in my driveway while she was on a birding trip hiatus en route from her job in Big Bend National Park to a new job in Guadalupe River State Park. Of course!
*Fishing for numbers
Curry leaves- 2 to 3 sprigs
The Caracas junta declared its independence in 1810, and Bolívar was sent to England on a diplomatic mission.
1 bottles
My dad is once again in the hospital, and while his spirits are high, his body appears to be getting tired.
Another time, she told my sister Maura and I that we could have the next day off school and she was taking us to Dublin. What a day we had, lunch at Woolworth's self serve counter. Shopping on Moore Street, walking up Grafton Street, finished off by tea at Bewley's Cafe.
Bizzarely, I was lucky enought to meet my soul mate. Obviously, I also failed to keep him.
For the veg I won the Top Tray shield, the Challenge Bowl for the most points in the roots veg section (were I only dropped one point getting a 2nd for beetroot), and the Joe Kiff Cup for the most points overall in the veg classes. Rachel won the Winterslow Cup for most points in the cookery and Chloe shared the Junior Class with two other children and received a certificate. What a fantastic result!! We were very pleased if a little worn out by the end of the day!
It took 70 firefighters to put out the blaze. Based on the video they didn't do a very good job.
When questioned on his choice of party, Tunku Aziz replied: “I feel that I trust the people around me and what the party stands for.” He is also quoted as saying: “I always have independent views. I have been critical on a number of issues. While I subscribe to an organisation’s basic principles, there are times where we disagree. I have always championed the freedom to dissent.“
The adrenals are two walnut-shaped glands that are situated on top of the kidneys. They secrete hormones – cortisol, epinephrine and norepinephrine – that regulate the stress response, and are closely related to thyroid health. It is important to address that healthy adrenal glands contribute to proper thyroid function as well.
You see, my husband was in a major accident when he was 21. It was a drunk-driving accident, but he was not driving; he was sitting in the front passenger seat. His best friend was sitting behind him and died instantly on impact. The driver suffered a broken leg and the passenger behind the driver had some bumps and bruises. My husband was in a coma for 40 days; he had to re-learn how to talk, how to walk, how to feed himself, go to the bathroom…you get the picture. And as time went on, he developed a cerebellar tremor in his right arm.
Today we got our LOA!!!!!!
Going to be using Very aggressive BRM. I want 12 BIs for each level of the micros. Once at 25nl i will wait until bankroll is 1k to shot take at 50nl.
Every politician in Congress and those competing for the presidency know George W. Bush became president because he and Carl Rove found a way to identify Bush with the Christian Right, but to get this blessing one must also be Israel blessed. Even today 70% of Republicans support Bush and his war in Iraq because what is left of the Republican Party is predominantly Judeo-Christian.
4) The film doesn’t need commentating. I realize that you might have a good grasp on what’s taking place but that doesn’t mean the rest of us need you to guide us through.
Well, my mom explained it to me, and I just really didn’t want to finish the game after I heard the whole story. I made an excuse, and went into my room and cried. Poor Aunt Elizabeth. She lived all the way out in Spokane Washington, and I had only met her a few times, but the story was so sad. She used to send letters to my mom and would always include a clipping of the comic strip, “Family Circus.”
The class shook their heads, and Miss Anderson found herself doing the same. She suspected she was going to like this town.
While many successfully pre-empted attacks may never make newspaper headlines there appears to be a weakness in the ability of many agencies to properly penetrate terror networks and then draw correct conclusions from the information they do obtain.
But it didn’t last long, a month maybe, and I was back at Church, on my knees weeping, asking forgiveness for my failure to stay on the path. So I sang, and I danced, and I shouted Amen, and I spoke in tongues. And this time when I went home, I didn’t struggle. I rendered unto Caesar the things which were Caesar’s, and unto God the things that were God’s. In this case, the God that I worshiped was in rural Illinois and my normal life; school, immediate family, friends, these things belonged to the secular world of Caesar. That was my last summer in the Church.
Matt C.
"Errr..."
The Justice League is Earth’s finest super heroes and protectors of humanity. But in the mind of the Dark Knight, they are potentially the most dangerous people on the planet should any of them go rogue. Over time, Batman has compiled top-secret contingency plans in the event he is forced to neutralize one of his fellow Justice League members such as Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Cyborg, Martian Manhunter or the Flash. When these files are stolen from the Batcave by the evil Vandal Savage, the Justice League faces its gravest challenge yet. Weaknesses exposed and rocked by betrayal, the League must band together against Savage’s Legion of Doom and its master plan of world destruction while Batman is left with one final decision that could ultimately leave him standing alone.
Here are a few shots of the fun Guatemalan piñata we attended at Christmastime:
So those brothers-in-law dwell hard by as neighbours in Hawkdale, and are great friends. Thorkel. and Gisli built a fine house at Hol, so that it was soon no less a homestead than Sæbol: their lands touched and their friendship seemed likely to last. Thorgrim had the priesthood, and he was a great stay to those brothers. Now they fare in spring-time to the leet, forty men of them together and they were all in holiday clothes. There too, was Vestein, Gisli’s brother-in-law, and every man of the Soursops following. Gest, the son of Oddleif, the wisest man in Iceland, had also come to that leet, and he turned into the booth of Thorkel the Wealthy of Alvidra. The Hawkdalemen sit at drink, while the rest of the freemen were at the court, for it was a Thing for trying suits. All at once there came into the Hawkdale booth a great oaf, Arnor by name, who spoke and said: “You Hawkdalemen are strange fellows, who take heed for naught but drink, and never go near the court where your followers have suits to settle. This is what all think, though I alone utter it.”
Rate yourself 1 - 4 in the following areas. 1 Low, 2 Fair 3 Average 4 Excellent
Tues: Baked ziti ( freezing half for later, this makes a great freezer meal).
It's amazing what you can make with an old cardboard box and some printer paper and a few other found items in nature and the basement + Plaster of Paris & Clay.
I saw her again, 5 minutes later. She was on her own. I was heading to Maths, she was going to History (I only know this because on Thursday I have Maths, then History, and I normally see her come out). I didn’t say anything. Maths was fun. No Jimie, apparently he was ill. We were doing a Stats paper, and it was actually very easy :) I seem to be amazing at Stats now, but have forgotten everything from C2 :/ Typical :/ Double geology after that, and we were redoing a past paper I did over the Easter, May 2011, and we were going through it as a class. Again, I was amazed at how good at it I was. I don’t know if it is because I remembered the answers from when I did it, or/and I am actually starting to learn this stuff :) I’m feeling more confident anyway, and was able to answer most of Roger’s questions correctly, meaning I didn’t have to suffer his usual “FAIL!” from getting it wrong ;) Me and Charlotte are think of getting him a T-Shirt saying that ;) That way when a student answers a question wrong, instead of saying “Fail” he can just point to the T-Shirt ;)
It's funny that someone recently identified one of your photos Madame, as a shot of the inimitable Miss Marple. Because I, like old Jane Marple, am driven by wanting to solve the mysteries of life. Luckily I've not stumbled across any murders as yet, but I am forever trying to work out why the world is how it is. Especially the world of gender and sex, as it seems so confusing and not working in many people's interests. My philosophy on sex these days, is that sex probably doesn't go very well with philosophy. Foucault may differ with me there, but I think all that physical activity, and needing to be wanted, takes away from one's brainpower!
Why is this at all important or newsworthy, you ask? Well, it shows that Amtrak – like many other companies – is becoming increasingly tight with federal agencies working under DHS.
Have a great day or evening!
elusive source.
Riding wings of wind, it was everywhere
John 10:27 (AMP)
(770): Just applied online. Cant stop hiccupping. May be drunk. Hope they liked my smiley faces.
I hadn't even thought about it until this morning when I responded to a thread about mobile computing using a laptop, but they offer 2 GB of free storage.
if i follow this list maybe i’ll remember…i came home smelling like w—-, there were cups all over, i’d ripped five new band dates playing from the newspaper , with black magic marker circled over…
I realize I haven’t posted a Forum Friday in quite some time, and for that, I am extraordinarily apologetic. However, today I have been thinking on relationships and such, and a point of conflict arose – mostly because I have strong opinions regarding love, western society, and relationships.
Visit Magpie Tales for our image prompt. This week’s image is a painting which continues the vein of surrealist images in which Magpie has been indulging. This one is going to drive me nuts because of its title? artist? It’s not a surname… Head over to see what we have.
This is a big day for the church. This is a big day for Christianity, or at least, it should be. Not just because it’s another event on our liturgical calendars that we can cross off. Not because it’s the 1st pre-curser to Easter (if you don’t celebrate Ash Wednesday). And not because the cute little kids wave palm branches around and yell: “Hosanna.”
And there you have it! The three most common ways to characterize. How do you create your characters? What method do you prefer/practice?
A printable recipe card follows.
2077.***E-I/15/1999. On the Founding Fathers and Presidential impeachment. Chicago Sun-Times, January 15, 1999, p. 38; Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, January 21, 1999, p. A-4. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 862-63, and in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-7.)
2:20pm CST
Wow, I just talked A LOT!!!
Habima, Israel's national theatre company, is due to perform at the World Shakespeare Festival at London's famous Globe Theatre. Theatre troupes from every corner of the earth will be there, including from the new nation of South Sudan (whose actors will perform Cymbeline in Juba Arabic) and from New Zealand (in the first Maori-language performance of Troilus and Cressida). Some authoritarian states are involved, too, including China and Zimbabwe.
So much for Oakland A's rookie outfielder Yoenis Cespedes starting the season off slowly. Depsite many predictions that the Cuban import would struggle against MLB pitching, he has already hit three home runs in four games this seasons. His stat line so far: .308/.400/1.077 with 3 home runs and 7 RBI. Yeah, yeah, we're only four games into the season, so who cares about stats. Well, they're still pretty impressive. If you want more proof that Cespedes should be given the keys to Bomb City, check out this absolute blast he hit on Friday night.
Offside
Overall, if you don't know anything about being a bike messenger I imagine this book would be illuminating. Even considering all the boring parts and the author's blatant self-absorption, I'm glad to have read it. But as a rabid biker and ex-messenger myself, I expected a broader scope, and a much more detailed look at the issues of biking in today's American cities.
I can still remember the excitement when we were all celebrating the pregnancy & the upcoming arrival of a new little person in all our lives. I need to explain that some of my childhood friends have stopped being my friends, and have become family. I’m Tia Lori to all of their kids and I consider them extensions of me… So when my friend’s water broke on Christmas Eve 2009 we all were on pins and needles. I remember I even took a cake to the hospital on December 28th to Celebrate my friend’s birthday… Then on December 29th, Alessandra was born, way too early… She was with us for a brief time but somehow she will always be with us. I will never forget the sadness on my friend’s face when I went to see her at the hospital, at that moment I wish there was something I could do to make it all go away. But it was way beyond what I could control. So now I walk…
No more were left.
When did Dividers start and how did it begin? Why did you choose the band name Dividers?
But Cameron’s summoning of the Finucane family was not to tell them of a date for the beginning of this inquiry, but to inform them that he was withdrawing Tony Blair’s promise. There would be no inquiry into Finucane’s death.
You might, however, transfer the whole thing over to an international conglomerate body under the guise of a global society (which you conquered via the forced use of the dollar as the world currency). And you might even replace the national dollar with an international one. Heck, you might even back that new dollar with gold, since you are the holder of 90% of the worlds gold, only to later crash the artificial price of gold and start the whole process over again. You might even crash the international dollar. After all, what if aliens invade? It will have to be a intergalactic currency then, eh? But I digress…
Finish: Eridge Station TQ542345
How do you travel alone with 6 kids at home? Does Joe take off work and stay home? Do you have help come in? Do you just toss the kids in the crawl space?
As I go home, I know things are different. I know that I had a heart change in the last 6 months. Jesus is not a stranger to me. He is not some random guy in the sky, ignoring me. He is my friend, my father, my brother, my husband, my everything. When I heard people describe him like that 6 months ago, I never thought I could have it. But I WANTED it. I was DESPERATE for it. I NEEDED it. He seemed so distant, but the desire for him was more than anything I had ever had. That is how I know he is there, by this supernatural desire to just KNOW him. I questioned at times why I couldn't feel him. Why I couldn't see him. Why I couldn't hear him. And in these last 3 weeks, it all clicked. As long as I had this desire for him, I was never going to give up. This is a desire that needs to be fulfilled and can not be pushed aside. As long as it was there, I was going to keep searching. If I never got a feeling, I was going to search. If I never heard his voice, I was going to search. As soon as that clicked, it all happened. I fell in love. I am in love with a beautiful man named Jesus. I giggle when I think about him and his abundant love and grace, how I don't deserve but he gives it away anyways. I barely know Him, but I love him. Never letting him go. I have the rest of my life to keep falling in love, and I am pumped for it.
I woke up at 3:15 AM feeling pretty miserable (did I mention that I'm whiny too when I'm sick?), so I thought I'd post the photos from Artfest instead of just being annoyed that I'm not sound asleep.
I have a stack of light weight fabrics calling my name….especially this floral purchased at PA Fabric Outlet – marked 100% poly (of course) but it has a slight stretch so there’s something other than poly going on. I’m thinking wrap skirt or A-line skirt for my son’s college graduation. I love wrap skirts but sitting in them and maintaining modesty is a full-time endeavor. I’ll probably opt out of the wrap and think A-line for comfort.
Here’s a cool workout finisher for you to try. Do the following exercises for prescribed repetitions with no rest:
**Update form my last post. I do not officially have the job yet. I still have to interview with HR/the Board. I was hoping to have this done tomorrow, but I am still waiting on the call. I cannot enter that classroom (or begin curriculum training) until that is processed! Pray this goes quickly! I plan on moving in with my parents sunday night- The hubby will follow later. **
When I got there, my sister was talking to him and there were no horses in the crossties. I was surprised and wondered what was going on. My sister said that they started Cole, and he was so bad that they put him in the stall to wait for me to get there. I was disappointed. I have been working hard the last 2 weeks reviewing his training. She said he was kicking and rearing and biting—now, I started to get skeptical. That didn’t sound like my Cole Train.
To help remember the things they did, And WHAT was said by WHO!
Twilight Singers - Dynamite steps
Regardless of this kid’s harmlessness, he still invaded my home and went through my things. All of which is nerve-wracking for any person. You feel so out of control and debilitated because there is nothing you can do. What is done is done and what is gone is gone. For someone who is co-dependent and depends on controlling certain aspects of their own life (even though there has been lots of therapy to learn to let go of some things, there are still things that drive me crazy when out of my control), this has been a very traumatic event no matter how minimal the damage.
We rang at three in the afternoon as I could no longer stand it and the nurse stated that my results were not in. I could here her rummaging in the office and then she came back on the phone and told me they found my bloods... still sitting on the bench. I burst into tears and she explained that a pregnancy test would now give an accurate response. Spunkhead raced down the chemist and I peed on the stick...freaking out and as it sat there on the bathroom bench soooooo desperate to see those two illusive lines
We also managed to visit our dearie ex-colleague Ooi Poh Meng in Seremban,
Thanks! Have a great Sunday! Only for more days until SPRING BREAK for me!!!!!!
president and thereby to lay the curse of racism to rest?
You barely make enough money just to survive.. you will be forced to live 3 or 4 to a cheap apartment with other performers, just to survive. If you manage to go with Ringling, you will be living like a rat and traveling on an old PULLMAN CAR that was built in the 1930′s or 1940′s where you will have a small sleeping space that isn’t big enough to swing a cat and you will live a life where your world compresses to practicing, doing shows and traveling. It’s a lifestyle that wears you down quickly and many people can’t take the living closely with others and having only minimal privacy.
I watch The Hills – not afraid to admit it. Well, I guess I should say that I used to watch The Hills, since it recently had its series finale. But whether you watched it or not or believed in the reality of the show or not, you have to admit that it was certainly a big part of pop culture for a span of 4-6 years. One of the more culturally significant scenes of the show was when main character, Lauren Conrad, had a choice to make at the end of the 2nd season. Does she go to Paris for the summer for her job or does she stay and spend the summer with her then boyfriend/ “love of her life,” Jason Wahler?
Please vote for your favorite A to Z Video!! These folks worked hard on their creations and deserve your support. Voting ends on Sunday night. Go to the A to Z Blog and vote!
NOTE: There is another Human Based Frites idea going around, and it could be all the worst of Humans plus the worst of Frites. Check out Nurgleprobe’s idea on his website at http://nurgleprobe.wordpress.com/2012/04/29/mtg-standard-deck-frites-with-a-twist/
PIYO: That’s true.
"But do you mean it though?"
You mentioned before you cannot drink alcohol until this year according to your doctor's advice. Why was that? Are you allowed to drink alcohol now?
or whatever else you wish...and dig in!
Margaret Mahy is one of my all-time favourite writers and, though I don't think this is her best book (the Changeover still has that status for me), it has some wonderful ideas and moments in it. And there is more to come from her, I hope.
Also they sell a mixing set tools to mix the inks in well mannered.
Setting aside my pen, I decided to wander.
750ml brandy, neutral grain spirits, or vodka
Remember , keep your eyes upon me.
“Thank you,” Rayloth said then, nodding toward the still-crying mother and daughter, he added, “I’ll leave you alone with your wife and daughter. I’m sure you want a chance to hug her, too.” With that, he gave Gunthar’s hand one final shake then made his way through the crowd and headed for the bay their ship was docked in.
and one muffin pan
seemed to change and
Haye's manager, Adam Booth, also suffered cuts to his face in the post-fight melee.
Good news for those of you wanting to see my WWG Mayhem City Police Station - the end is in sight. All being well I hope to finish it this month. Yeehaa! I've been making a lot of office furniture for it and I have just five rooms to decorate - four detectives' offices and the large squad room. I only have a bunch of book shelves to make and then I'll be able to complete all four detectives' offices. The squad room will be the last to get made but fortunately, I already have a lot of the furniture for it already constructed. This has been a mammoth project, by far the largest card building I've ever made. I can't wait to finish it and then move on to something else. Don't ask what just yet. I have loads of options available.
*Data and statistics based on information from Carolina Multiple Listing Service Inc. Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed.
We need to rebuild our nation’s infrastructure. Historically, that hasn’t been a partisan idea. Franklin Roosevelt, a Democrat, did it, as did Dwight Eisenhower, a Republican and — like me — a proud son of Kansas and a chain smoker. (Applause.) Even though I’m Teddy Roosevelt, I’m also a little bit FDR and Ike, meaning I’m a little bit Democrat and a little bit Republican. So, if you’re an independent, you should vote for me.
French
It was a surprise to no one that Procrastinating Pete arrived in Plymouth just in time for Thanksgiving supper. He was very hungry and thirsty, having only brought four bags of Doritos, a dozen sticks of beef jerky, and a case of Four Loko with him on the journey.
Not falling for any fake pregnancy announcements on April Fool's Day (I totally did last year).
And Chewy's favorite:
Is there juice? It likely contains oils, so consume it.
I didn't have any stamps that would suit the theme so I have used one of the Fab diecut squares instead.
Distribute a press release
Use a PDF Reader and download handbooks to your IPhone or Itouch. This option works well for both because you only need Internet access for the initial set up. Once it is set up, you will just open the application on your IPhone and then open the handbook that you want to see.
But knowing that we'd be eating a ton for dinner, I wanted to use something a tad lighter than your typical store-bought pound cake.
ACTIVITIES AND
President Obama got a laugh out of a Maryland audience on Thursday when he mocked the Republican Party in a speech, comparing their skepticism of alternative energy to the “Flat Earth Society” in Christopher Columbus’ day and President Rutherford B. Hayes’ apparent dismissal of the telephone. But while Obama thinks the GOP is in need of a science lesson, he may need to bone up on history himself.
And when I say I started off the new year, I got up at 8:00 am and headed to the 8:30 class on January 1st.
As humans we have a tendency to look forward to the next big thing. This is what happens for many of us from Thanksgiving through the end of the holiday season. We spend a month in preparation and anticipation, looking forward to the big day, Christmas, and all the festivities that go along with it. But then, in the blink of an eye, it’s over and we look forward to the next big thing… New Year’s is just a week away so we don’t have to wait too long for more celebration. But then, just like that, it’s over, and this time there’s nothing but real life to look forward to for the next few months. This is when the post-holiday blues set in because there’s nothing very big for us to hang our hope for happiness on until summer vacation. How do we kick this depression that so many of us slip into during this time of year?
I don't have all the pictures off my camera, but I do have some, so I will start with those. First up was Ben (my brother) and Megan's wedding. We flew straight into Tampa on Friday the 12th and stayed there for 3 days. We spent the day Saturday setting up for the wedding. I have been working on figuring out my camera on manual mode, but up until this trip I didn't really have a reason/need to use it a lot so this trip really helped me get the hang of the settings. I am LOVING it! I took tons of pictures because of this, and Jesse even remarked "I didn't know all you were going to do this trip is take pictures!" Oh well!!!
I asked for help with cooking the chard and was told to treat it just like spinach. In fact, it is a cousin of spinach and it's loaded with antioxidants, vitamins and minerals and also helps to regulate blood sugar. It's one of the most healthful vegetables you can eat and tastes a lot like spinach.
Questioner: My sons drowned in the sea ten months ago. I did surrender, but when I felt the peace and calm coming over me, it felt wrong. It was not right to feel peace and calm with such a loss.
-K
Goodluck to everyone!! To see our November Release Scroll Down..
Sheep shearing is just about finished and we finished all the goats last week. Our goats look funny once they are sheared, especially Amos the Buck as he has really big horns and they look really huge on him without his fleece. I know they all feel much better and they look better as well.
d) an adjective: Null
On the research side, there is a lot of interest in whether thrombolysis could be given to more patients, extending its use beyond the current 4.5-hour post-onset treatment window. Animal studies show that cooling body temperature can significantly reduce the area of brain affected by strokes. In March, funding was announced for EuroHYP-1, a study due to involve 1500 ischaemic stroke patients in 15 European countries that aims to determine whether cooling can improve outcomes.
I’m hard at work on my original writing, but I’m not giving up on fanfic quite yet. I’ve got a couple of unfinished stories and a few ideas for projects both large and small, and since my time is limited, I’d thought I’d see what you all are most interested in reading.
* Very low in calories, low in fat and contains NO cholesterol
For several hours, her body lay on the road next to her silver Honda Civic outside Alexandra Clinic, where she had worked with mothers and children as an intern under the auspices of the Ububele Umdlezane Parent Infant Project.
Printspace
What’s up with that?
Interesting crackers with a squeeze container of hummus, roasted edamame (we both really liked these – we found the same brand at Whole Foods. Try the wasabi version – it’ll clear your sinuses!), fruit and nut mix and some semi-high-end chocolate… a nice change of pace from the usual post-race fare!
GHA: Got Heartburn Again
His servant had a character issue
Make me feel lonely yet complete.
I lifted up his shirt so I could see how the pants fit around his waist. They weren't even fastened! They were too small and he couldn't even zip them up! They didn't fit at all and there he is saying that they felt fine and were comfortable. What the...???
BRYANT KA, STOVER B, CAIN L, LEVINE GL, SIEGEL J, JARVIS WR. Improving influenza immunization rates among healthcare workers caring for high-risk pediatric patients. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2004; 25: 912-917.
This stanza just seems kinda childish, kind of like someone’s ego wrote it. Maybe Miro needs to get over himself first and lead by example? Just a thought. . . . Put up my response, Miro, and deal with it!
Actually this was easier than when I had to build an Egyptian ‘Shaduf’. But that was a while ago and I have no pictures. I’ve no idea what has happened to my, I mean our, shield. Its probably propping up one of the school walls or something.
Luke 12:32 says, “Fear not, little flock, for it is your father’s good pleasure to give you the kingdom”. Psalm 8 asks, “What is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?” it goes on:
One of the frisbee golfers was topless. It was not a woman. Although he did seem to possess a couple of budding physical attributes normally associated with the female anatomy.
Olive oil, 1 teaspoon
requireshate: Here’s something knee-jerky (but, I think, not unjustified): I don’t think it’s possible for white westerners to write about any non-dominant cultures–and this includes, for example, Eastern Europe–without being exotifying, appropriative, and perpetuating western/first-world supremacy. Ekaterina Sedia articulated it fantastically here: http://worldsf.wordpress.com/2011/02/03/guest-post-seeing-through-foreign-eyes-by-ekaterina-sedia-author-week-1/ Specifically that an outsider looking in will seize on elements an insider takes for granted. Something that’s everyday to me will be shiny, exotic, and unusual to a westerner: and it is this thing that they will grab and run away with, hooting that it’s beautiful and awesome and so weird, as one might do over an alien artifact. And that’s what it will be to such a person–alien. I’ve seen this over and over even from writers who mean well, who have lived in Thailand, but who nevertheless continue to write and think in the western outsider mode, in short owing their allegiance to their culture, readers who think and consume and behave as they do.
He hung out at my place, we were chatting on the bed, nothing sexual yet.
September 2003 after 12 years of marriage my then husband informed me that he was moving onto greener pastures. He moved and took along with him his cow or who also was otherwise known as my best friend.
02 - Strawberries
WPA and WEP are forms of encryption technology that help to secure your wireless network. Your WEP settings can be changed or configured via the configuration webpage, this would be found under the basic setup tab.
Other end of the room. Really dislike the desk, and the reason we have to have short curtains, but Bill's not too excited about a new desk. This is sort of his desk so it has to meet all his requirements. So still trying to convince him we need a new one.
Desires privatizing Social Security so Wall Street can make money on it. YES
“Surprised and disappointed”!
but climbs over elsewhere is a thief and a robber.
"My head," the boy said promptly, and grasped it with his hands.
Usage- The workshop juxtaposed elements of traditional craft technique and Indian culture with an experimentation of form and materials.
♥ Next, start unwrapping the hershey kisses & putting them on top of the pretzels. I bought the hugs (white & dark chocolate mixed), milk chocolate & dark chocolate kisses so I could have a variety. This is the only part that is time consuming.
September 29th AM: CureSearch Walk in St Pete
The fifth member of the commission would then be chosen by the four appointments.
Too bitter for sad people
Unconditional Election
I: Yeah, the . . .
Who, I wonder, has rendered him unobtainable? Could it be the same folks who paid for Max Clifford’s silence?
Now you just say, "Oh Romeo? Yeah, you know I used to have a scene with him".
The full line includes eight distinct stationery and envelope sets, with address labels for application over the patterned envelopes. There are also eight different A6-size, or western envelopes, eight B-size or “oriental” envelopes with a flap on the narrow end, and twelve mini envelopes (known as “Pochi”-type, and typically used for gifts of money).
I walked in the door to find her lying on the floor looking pissed off, and may I say, quite weak. I asked "What's wrong?". She responds "I threw my back out!". I asked how and she responds with "Bending over to pet Stewie!". With my urge to laugh (a smirk on my face for sure, which she didn't like), I knew I had to take care of her the rest of the evening.
“Really? I guess my little brother would like it. Or maybe I will just keep it to myself. I think I will name him Timmy.”
Here is my list -- in no particular order:
coast-to-coast schedule on the plateglass window.
It is now Nova or nothing. Hopefully there will be a silver lining to this decidedly dark spring.
I'm afraid I've only managed to draw complete blanks about The Zippers, who would seem to be an all-female group from America with definite soul leanings. This was their only British single, but what a single it is - "My Sailor Boy" on the A-side is raw, ragged but decidedly Pop, and fizzes with energy and enthusiasm. With some records, false bonhomie creeps through the sterility of the slick production and multiple takes and ruins the potential energy of a track, but this genuinely sounds like unsuppressed gusto.
I sent the inspiration image to Paul (sister's new husband) and he created this fun sign. We used some thin twine/rope and hung it over a post on the deck pointing in the direction of the beach where the ceremony was held.
In my opinion, addiction is self-programming run amok. We are self-programming beings. If we learn to deal with overwhelming emotions by shutting down our central nervous systems with a six pack (or two), then that will become our default behavior. Eventually, we will literally not be able to do otherwise. Until we learn a new program.
It was no use now. Even an inveterate optimist like me could see that. Not only had Don Quixote missed the windmill he had been tilting at, he had broken his lance into the bargain.
I started this card around at Jacqueline's yesterday afternoon, before having to fly home to mark out my garden boundary, following a dispute with my deceased neighbours son!!! The story is too long and complicated so I wont bore you, but today all my family came over to erect my new fence. What a long tiring day!!, but after it all I had a fab fence................................and a new sculpture that Nathan made for me, as he says " to keep for ever and ever Aunt Bev". Bless him he was so proud, and it now takes pride of place in my garden. I haven't photographed it yet but I'll show it to you in my next post.
Folks hanging out in the park applauded the free show of precisely-coordinated drumming.
“Truth is the Bersih rally was hijacked by certain political leaders for selfish agenda,” said Tan.
Sort of the final nail in the coffin of my upbringing, that Republican bit there.
From a small vase, sparkling blue, lift
herself. It was clear from the pictures Thorn now held in her hand that the
Friday 12 Febuary
Sobe - Motif (applied to outer half of lid/crease and outer V with MAC 239)
“Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct your paths.” Proverbs 3:5-6
So then we were hanging out inside the house. There was a relatively large hangout — me and my friends, and then someone else and their friends. It reminded me of years ago at Shannon & Christian’s when Summer lived downstairs and her friends would be hanging out at the same time we were. “The others”. We had the news on to hear if there was anything about the airplane crash.
This giveaway will remain open for 5 days, after which the winner will be chosen at random, and announced here on this post, so check back in to claim your prize. If you don’t claim your prize within a couple of days then a runner-up will be chosen to replace you.
I've decided to note which giveaways aren't open internationally. The default will be open worldwide, meaning I'll only note if they have restrictions.
Raigan wasn't really impressed with Riley's win though because she somehow slept through the majority of the competition. I was pretty impressed because the cheer music was very loud and overpowering, but I guess waking up at 5am for cheerleading isn't for her.
the price.” If this is the case, then cutting our domestic supply hardly seems like an appropriate response. Rather than face this reality, Secretary Chu ridiculously called for an increase in renewable energy investments, which is a complete non-sequitur.
It is a big problem. One only has to spend a short time in Oncology to realise just how common the problem is.
In the theory of 1970s sitcoms, I guess that I should be the one in the house doing the nagging and Mr Snail-of-happiness should be seeking refuge in some garden structure. However, he has his studio/workshop (formerly the spare bedroom) and I seek my respite (from scientific editing, not from Mr S-o-h) in the garden. It would be lovely simply to sit out on the bench and chat to the chickens (they always come over to see what’s going on), but this is west Wales and we are considering buying a dinghy and trading the chickens in for some ducks, so shelter is often required. And so, I often find myself spending a happy ten minutes pottering in the greenhouse, examining what has germinated, watering and generally enjoying being with growing plants. This seems to me, so much better than a shed – it’s light, there may be things to eat and when there is a little sunshine it’s lovely and warm in there. My long-term plan is to make sure that there is always something growing in my greenhouse, whatever the time of year. In this respect I have been inspired by the home-made geodesic dome up at Blaeneinion, where there seem to be salad leaves, at least, always available.
Start – 44in, Finish – 39in
(107300).
“I think it’s highly unlikely anyone is going to turn round and offer me a cabinet post. I’d like to be a junior minister or a PPS or a whip but that’s as far as it goes.”
I haven’t done any good hard yoga for more than a week! UGH! But I have been packing, cleaning, packing and doing some more cleaning. Does that count as working out? It doesn’t count as yoga at all, but maybe some slight cardio.
A) At least count, she has 123,536 friends -- easily qualifying her as a "Myspace Celebrity".
But the well-prepared pavements behold, and mark the solid-wall’d
Sponsors include Love’s Travel Stop, eTech Solutions, Sandridge Energy, Unlimited Storm Restoration, Renda Broadcasting, Who’s Your Buddy Cafe, Oklahoma Natural Gas and OG&E.
One particularly summery place this year in Brooklyn has been Fort Greene Park, often over shadowed by it's bigger cousin Prospect, Ft. Greene Park has been a constant source of music, community and more a few times, really good eats. Below are pics from the Soul Summit and a few from the Fort Greene Fest held back in July.
We do know that there is a company with a MASSIVE job starting soon right here in our town that he is trying to get on with. We are hoping for a phone call before he takes the out of town job. (Oh pray!)
See the simper answer makes more sense right?
You’re like a shot of pure gold
You must be wondering how much I travel. Dear me, I am wondering the same thing myself. And I am pinching myself too. To see if I am dreaming or this is really happening. One month I go to Paris, next to Venice. Am I in some wistful travel dream?
Sacramento, Calif. (January 16, 2010) – Round 1 of the Sacramento Classic ended with a bang, as fan favorite JB Mauney (Mooresville, N.C.) won the Cooper Tires matchup against 2009 World Champ Kody Lostroh (Longmont, Colo.). Going into the special round, Mauney had the higher score, so he got to choose his bull first. He went with Troubadour (Julio Moreno Bucking Bulls). Since Mauney picked his bull first, Lostroh got to ride first. But tonight wasn’t Lostroh’s night… he bucked off of Necessary Evil (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) after just 3.0 seconds. All Mauney had to do was ride longer than that. Not only did Mauney stay on Troubadour longer than 3 seconds, he managed to pull in one of the highest scores of the night: 89.0. Mauney was presented with a $10,000 check from Cooper Tires for his win.
This provision should serve as a guiding principle in championing the cause of the people, he said. “However, it seems that this is not the case with PKR.”
I hit the cold spot at the same time as the roaring fills my ears. Voices – agonized, moaning, screaming. Like trapped souls of the dead.
In reading my numerous favorite design blogs last night, I started thinking about what's "in" right now as far as interior dec goes. And then I started thinking about which ones I've jumped on, which ones are sure to fade out soon (before I go spending those big bucks on a trendy piece of furniture, I like to consider whether it'll still be "in" when the piece is delivered to my door), and what I think about trends overall. (I know I talk about Pottery Barn all the time (I'm a robot), but, I really do think PB Designers really get it. They know what the market wants, and they do a really good job at dishing it out in tasteful quantities so that you could actually use their products even after the trend dies out. ) The Inspired Room said, "I think that is what gets annoying to trend-avoiders more than the pattern itself, is just the sense that you don’t always have to really be creative or innovative to get noticed, you just have to use what is “in.” That “overdone” factor can make creative people not want to use it at all." I totally agree with her. But, there's a few trends that have definitely stood out to me. The biggest trends I've noticed since we moved into our house are chevron, stripes, and mercury glass. It's in, in, in.
Till the vessel strikes with a shivering shock,
So, somehow the dream shifts and we are in some kind of seminar about keeping yourself safe, as well as child development. I am there with a couple of my colleagues, some old friends from back in the high school and college days, and a couple of students. Somehow, I am back on campus in the town where my parents retired, also where I went to school. I am feeling guilty because I have traveled all this way for the seminar, but have not gone to see my mom. My BFF keeps reminding me that it probably isn't the right time to squeeze in a side trip, how upset my mother gets when I do visit, and how hard it could potentially be on me. So, I acquiesce to simply taking the BFF and one other person on a quick tour of campus before we all pile in the cars to head back to NY.
The problems in many communities of some are deeply rooted and, like all weeds, are hard to extirpate.
These are in no particular order:
3 tablespoons tomato past.
Interviewers have very likely carved out a specific time slot in which to meet with you. This may be mentioned before your meeting commences. If so, be advised that they will not want to be delayed so let them lead the interview with regard to time. Do not be tempted to keep talking after they have drawn the meeting to a conclusion. If they can offer you more time, they will make this clear.
There was a glimmer of hope in the continuing race to save Aquascutum this week as it emerged that exclusive talks were underway to sell the business to Hong Kong based YGM Trading. Unfortunately this doesn't provide much hope for those who were left out of work after the Corby factory was shut. There are separate talks being held to sell that asset. If the brand loses its Made in Britain element, it will be a great shame.
thinking out loud
Obama administration officials have confirmed that they believe torture was committed by American interrogators. The president has not ruled out a criminal inquiry, but has signalled he is reluctant to do so for political reasons.
My step-mom's views on the subject is, literally, "Don't wear anything revealing because God will be displeased" and I never had the opportunity to know what my mom thought but it would probably have been along the same lines.
He pushed the stand holding the vials to one side of the counter. ‘Now for the next step you’re gonna wanna find a swan that is blind in one eye and cut its throat with the jaw bone of an ass. Collect that blood.’ He pulled a small plastic bottle from under the counter. It contained a thick black substance that was bubbling fiercely. ‘Your best bet with this stuff is to keep it in the fridge because if you leave it out in the kitchen and it’s a full moon it will make your house start crying tears of tar.’ He grabbed a bowl. ‘Now you take a normal mixing bowl and pour the swan blood into it.’ He uncapped the bottle and a sweet ethereal song emitted from the bottle mouth as the liquid thickly poured into the bowl. ‘Here’s a fun fact that song you’re hearing is actually a drowned sailor’s lament. It’s the song sailor’s sing apparently when they fall overboard.’ He cocked his head and listened for a bit. ‘Lovely. Right, you’ve got your seven seals waiting to go and your salad’s ready and you’ve got a bowl full of swan blood. Next the meat.’
"Think I'd better get going" He slurs.
The countryside that we passed through in France and Belgium looked a lot like central Illinois, mostly flat farmland, which I was surprised about. I somehow thought there would be more trees. (There were both more trees and more hills than Illinois, but not significantly more….) But it felt pleasant and homelike for me, and nice to ride through – much like heading home on the City of New Orleans, except that we kept passing cute villages with little stone churches.
Must be there. Must be. There. There. Must be ? (?) ?
how soon the due date turns out to be). In other words, she's going to
The people who manage salmon in Lake Michigan will have to decide soon how many fish to put into the lake. The salmon fishery is a man-made industry in the Great Lakes. It’s produced by planting millions and millions of fish in the lakes. But keeping the salmon population in balance with the food supply is a challenge these days. And some scientists are raising new questions about the salmon’s demise in Lake Huron and whether that can be stopped in Lake Michigan.
What he loves about the Windows 7.5 Phone — the tiles in the interface.
And before we wrap, I’d be remiss to not add the irony of The Client List airing on Lifetime (television for women), considering Love’s The Rub attire is more like television for men… I’m just sayin’. And yes, I’m am a bit jealous. What woman doesn’t want to look like that in lingerie?
You may be wondering what has all of a sudden spurred me into this lifestyle change. You may not but tough tits for you because you get to find out anyway.
-hang the pulley clothesline at the back door
Looking forward to a great participation from you all. In case of any doubts, do feel free to drop me a comment on this post and I will answer it asap.
I pursue every task with conviction;
Last night we caught a wonderful programme that Jeremy Paxman had made about Wilfred Owen. I knew he had a period suffering from shell shock, but I hadn't realised how thanks to some progressive treatment from the doctor who treated him (normal treatment of shell shock at the time consisted of firing your frontal lobes with electric shocks to reprogramme the brain to get back to battle), he started to write the war poems for which he is remembered today. Neither did I realise how influential Siegfried Sassoon had been on his work. Ironically, Sasssoon ended up in the same hospital because the government didn't want him writing any more anti-war treatises, only for him to influence a poet who went on to write some of the greatest anti-wa r poems ever written.
And I can't even remotely decide.
The ceremony.
Other than that it is a fun little book to have in your collection and if you are considering getting a literary tattoo of some kind it is a great place for inspiration, if you don't mind the egos!
The inside lights seemed to be forcibly flashing their way through the smoky interior and heavily tinted glass exterior, while the muffled sounds of a dance band seemed to pulsate on the sidewalk under my feet. I would go in there and ask to use their phone. But at the door with its “OPEN” sign flashing rhythmically I paused. I remembered admonishing those who would listen, “Bad things happen to people in bars after midnight. At that hour all good citizens should be at home – safe!” The headline of a newspaper flashed urgently in my mind; “Man shot in Clearwater Night Club”. Even worse would be the smirks and sarcasm of a group of young people who call me ‘uncle’. Anil, Ernie, Ramona, Teeka and… No! They would not allow me to live it down. As I turned away, I saw a young lady talking on (Yesss!!!) a cell phone. I approached her as openly as I could and heard her say into the phone, “Hang on a sec’; there’s a guy coming up to me”. She then gave me her full and focused attention. I stopped and clearly, slowly, explained my plight and asked if she could call the girls for me. “You know where I am. I will call you back in two minutes”, she said loudly and clearly before she hung up. She then offered to dial Marcia’s number and after she made contact she relayed my position and plight. Apparently Marcia had returned to Eckerd Hall to see if I was stuck there and they were at the “Perkins” restaurant right next door. I thanked the young lady profusely, got into the car and sped to the restaurant next door to Eckerd …only to find out that it was an “Applebee’s”. The cleaning guy directed me to the “Perkins” at US19 and Gulf to Bay. Of course! I raced back to “Perkins” and there they were – Rita and Marcia – hungry and frustrated over the turn of events. As we were waiting to be seated, Marcia laughingly remarked that they must have looked like two hookers on the sidewalk.
I hope this helps to keep you posted as to what we do all day what to expect on the report card.
Chromatron - Casio Amnesia
It's a pricey fabric, but I only needed a little more than a yard to make two 12x36 lumbar pillows. To help justify the cost of the fabric, I sewed the pillows myself and I'm so proud of the black piping and the invisible zipper. Each side has a different scene (the repeat on this fabric is huge), so I can flip and switch these up to see different flowers and colors. Also, they're fully lined and the inside edges are serged to help them stand up to washings.
Give It Up – Lee Dorsey
No, we’re not talking about the daily drama unfolding at Meadow Creek in Dracut, we’re talking about Shaker Hills, once named the No. 1 public course in Massachusetts.
but he was stony dead and still
We've seen the balance sheet. Now it's time to listen to what the accountants, Mr. Tait and Mr. Murray, had to say.
03. Because I have met a series of really awesome professionals who have helped me get this far. And I’m not recovering for them, but because of their care and dedication (seriously, this past round of treatment has shown me that ED professionals CAN and DO care about their patients), I have begun to care about myself. I mean, I trust them with my life and all, so I’m thinking I can trust them that, maybe-kinda-sorta I am worth caring about.
In early 2011 Ian Morrish, Sales Manager at ISE (Integrated Systems Europe) called out to members and specialists from the AV industry, including manufacturers, distributors and installers to donate products and time free of charge for Children’s Hospices around the UK. The scheme has seen over 25 companies come forward to show their support, and has now had four hospices completed including Acorn for the Three Counties, Children’s Hospice Association Scotland (CHAS) and Acorns Walsall. “This is a very exciting and rewarding project for everyone involved” says Ian Morrish, “I am delighted with the response I have had from the whole industry so far and I hope to work with other companies who will donate their time and resources to bring the joy of home cinema and entertainment into the lives of children who rely on the care and support given by their local hospice OR are living with a life-limiting illness.”
It doesn't have to be exact because if any of the blue shows, it's going to be gone the first time you wash it, and from a very short distance, you can't even see it.
Beans, Baby Potatoes, Tomatoes & Egg
Behold, a blah secondhand dresser in need of some serious love.
I'm not sure if that's normal. It might just be because I have so little modesty. It's not like I ever shut the door before having kids, so it's not a forgetful-parent thing. It's just easier to leave it open. I feel less disconnected from my family members. And I just don't care if my husband or kids sees or hears me go to the bathroom. Although there are certain times when I do need privacy and shut the door.
I'd like to spend some time at a bar with this, three Notches, and the Sam Adams Belgian Session on tap, and play some cards, and talk some politics, and watch some baseball. I feel that day may not be so far away anymore. Maybe I was wrong about last year being the Year of Session Beer. Maybe it's this year.
I had to go to my real estate office and sign off on some more papers, luckily they’re fixing my keys because they’re a little rough around the edges, it’s hard to get into the keyhole so that’s never good. I did order some new key covers that I’m pretty excited about! I love to cover my keys haha
I am a bit embarrassed that I could probably eat from my pantry/freezers for at least three months without really challenging myself, but I'm committing to the challenge for the month. I took a complete inventory of my pantry and freezers and wrote up a list of meals.
Not far from the Shaffer Hotel is Pop’s old residence, Rancho Bonito. Guarded by an alarming wooden creature and comprised of two fairly small buildings that are perhaps even more colorful and fanciful than the Shaffer, it’s very much worth a look. Both the hotel and Rancho Bonito are on the National Register of Historic Places. The Shaffer is for sale or lease if you want to own or operate a piece of history. Accommodations range from “cowboy” rooms with no bath to spacious suites. I’m sure all ghosts will be included at no additional charge.
In other words, we'll be screwed.
Ate. Prayed. Loved.
Noon – 2 pmMEET GLEN CAMPBELL
**"Reply ALL" will go to the group.
Random numbers generated Sep 27 2011 at 20:27:18 by www.psychicscience.org
TV, it didn’t happen.
Two other former factory/warehouse buildings in the project footprint, 636 Pacific Street and 24 Sixth Avenue, were turned into housing, as was the former Daily News printing plant, now the Newswalk Building, on the block between Pacific and Dean streets that was cut out of the project (see plan diagram above).
I am still trying to figure myself out.
Friday the 13th (2009)- REBOOT ACHIEVED
They will hear me call 911 and there is no way a dispatcher will get anyone here in time to help me. Calling for help is useless. It would only take them a few minutes to attack. There is not time to explain to a dispatcher or to anyone where I am exactly. There is nowhere to run. They have me surrounded but for the water behind me. They cannot be up to any good. They have spread out like a line of soldiers and they all have sinister faces, evil, they are frowning, why are they frowning at me? EVIL. Evil is here. I am done. What will happen to Jamoka? Will he rip them to shreds? There are too many. OH SHIT, A ROPE!? What is in that guy’s pocket? Am I dreaming. This is NOT happening. Denial will do me no good. Will they let me by? Maybe it’s not a rope, they don’t even need a rope. No. No. No. I can’t risk getting close enough to find out and I can’t turn around. I have to go through them. I have to get out. To hesitate is to show fear, Fear would appeal to their worst characteristics. They will be excited by my fear.
In the past 7 days, I heard from friends that the angels had visited them and carried her mom home to heaven after a time of suffering. A loss, but not to them. Hope abounds. I sat with a friend as he describes his own mom’s slow pilgrammage towards eternity. Cancer is relentless. It pauses but never ceases and in some time near, it will have its shallow victory. I sat in my home church and saw/heard my pastor lead the flock into growth. Well played Pastor, well played. I was part of a 3 day school of orientation for our conference and was delighted to hang out with 19 new pastors/spouses talking about our denom family, but more importantly the work that Jesus has left us to do. I worked with our office staff in doing mega preparations for an upcoming national conference. (Great job by the support staff). I talked to a potential staff person about joining our office team. I handled a couple of tricky phone calls from distressed peoples and pastors. And oh yeah, I snuck a round of golf in there one afternoon when the weather permitted.
I would l ike to enter into:
I have been getting a few emails & queries on ravelry about understanding the symbols in Japanese crochet books so I thought it might be a good idea to add to my FAQ post from last year.
I’ve even heard of a procedure called a toe-tuck (I’m serious – go ahead and Google it) that claims to improve the appearance of your baby toe. Just in case, you know, it isn’t looking as young and firm as it used to.
Proudest moment of your career?
But, meeting a popular standard of beauty is not the only reason why some women choose breast implants. Some women are less about trying to look like a cover girl or a swimsuit model and more about simply overcoming some lifelong insecurities.
Let´s kick start this thing with the basic element of any wargames army. The figures. In this pic you can see all the figures needed. They are all manufactured by Hat.
get our materials. We thought we would get them about 3:00, and then we would
The music itself consists mostly of songs from DJ FORMAT's first two albums, his new album STATEMENT OF INTENT and also songs from THE SIMONSOUND's album REVERSE ENGINEERING that Simon & Format made together in 2010.
That’s my prayer today.
Once a month I teach a bunch of children in the Icelandic congregation here in London. We play with puppets and sing a whole lot of songs. I like the songs, but these are the same songs I was singing when I went to Sunday school myself. I feel they're out of sync with the pop culture that kids grow up with today; the songs they're singing are older than their teacher. So I decided to apply for a grant at Christian funding foundation in Iceland called Kristnihátíðarsjóður, and thus focus on spending time writing songs. The idea was to write songs especially for the Sunday school. The songs I wrote are a little more pop and modern. When I was driving last year with my little niece from Reykjavik to Akureyri, I found out that the monkey song was her favorite and it was played 30 times on the way. My goal was to make a beautiful children's album that both children and adults could enjoy, with both a healthy message for kids but equally fun to enjoy musically. It's a fun project to work on because it's so totally different from what I'm usually doing. Instead of focusing on myself I love just working with music in general, recording and also writing music for others.
eyesore out back and scoped out several boards that I thought would work. Then DH
spot
Moules Mariniere (serves 2-4, depending on appetite)
Feather blending looks a little better, but it's still pretty streaky. Also, you quickly run the risk of adding too much ink and creating blobby edges with ink buildup. Not very pretty.
Husband: John Huddleston (musician, m. 1941, div. 1943)
The Independent, 19 April 1996
Everything I am quoting happens before chapter 3 is over, btw.
Did I dream this? Wasn’t there a moment when Joanna Trollope’s books were best-sellers in the U.S.? I’ve certainly bought most of them, loaned them to friends, re-read them, enjoyed them mightily. So I was startled to find that Daughters-in-Law more or less sneaked into print in the U.S. with only a paperback edition, now remaindered. I can’t figure this out. The only thing I can think of is that perhaps Trollope’s genteel English fiction feels retro and irrelevant to a mainstream audience? If that’s the case, the books should be repackaged, because they have a great deal of the charm that enchants us in some of the between-the-wars fiction that Persephone or Virago publish so persuasively.
Stand back. Yes, this is it, the place where the magic happens. If, by magic, you mean a staggering number of hours spent playing inane online games like Bejeweled Blitz (don’t make me explain please), additional hours manipulating spreadsheets because then I can feel as if I’ve accomplished something or time surfing the net and tweeting (Satan’s playground).
Who was never here, never there
Adam & The Ants Stand and deliver UK
that covers those giants, hurled down by heaven.
Seriously, thanks to everyone that is a follower/reader of this humble blog -
Yet she was even later. SH and I slipped into class and sat down quietly. She came in a few minutes later and made a lot of noise, as is her wont.
The neighborhood is quiet and residential, Senge said, and apart from the occasional wave, neighbors mostly keep to themselves. Gilbert is a city of 208,000 southeast of Phoenix.
Born in Dublin to an Irish mother and a father who immigrated to Ireland from Zambia, Samantha Mumba enjoyed tremendous success during the years of 2000-2002 as one of world's most popular female pop singers. With an album that went Platinum and several very popular videos where she danced and sang and otherwise put herself on display, she was certainly the cause of the Gujarat earthquake in January of 2001.
a childhood favorite, 'where the wild things are.'
This is Edwards concluding statement: “Christian practice is much more to be preferred as evidence of salvation than sudden conversion, mystical enlightenment, or the mere experience of emotional comfort that begins and ends with contemplation.”[14] Edwards makes 6 arguments for this thesis:[15]
"Open the box!"
1 lb Chicken-Apple Sausage*
Tomorrow — flexing
Running Time- 87 minutes
nor are we free of thoughtless friends
“No such complaints have been lodged, to my knowledge.”
The resolution passes and the sentiments pendulum between unapologetic apathy and ignorant rage. I am disgusted, as hate is spewed towards the United States and India. A cricketing rivalry with the latter turned vitriolic against its supportive stance on the resolution. India raised the LTTE, someone announces to cyberspace. Or perhaps it was such anger and ignorance directed at a section of our own people.
713 D-II/18/1976. “The Geography of Hobbes’s Table of the Sciences.” Department of Philosophy, The University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
In the severe implementation: 1) those hiring illegal immigrants would be punishable by a fine of up to £100,000 and/or five years in prison; 2) Muslims would lose access to free healthcare and see welfare benefits cut in half, and Muslim areas would see garbage removal drop off to once a month, as electricity supply and mobile phone coverage were gradually cut back; 3) all Muslims not British citizens would be flatly denied entry/re-entry to the UK; 4) native militias would conduct mosque bombings, targeted killings, and arson attacks against Muslim targets throughout country, with police and intelligence services turning a blind eye, when not actively aiding and abetting; 5) anyone of Muslim heritage convicted of any crime at all would be deported, without the right of appeal, to their country of origin.
Or something.
Recent claims include an account from El Salvador described by CNN affiliate Seattle TV station KIRO as very similar to the Colombia scandal, involving members of the Secret Service and other government agencies.
I’m angry my son was a victim of another’s actions. I’m upset he didn’t tell anyone what was going on, taking matters into his own hands until a Series of Unfortunate Events led to an explosion of bad judgment and flaring tempers, with someone getting hurt and someone getting suspended. Bullying is never okay. Namecalling hurts (Josh got lunch detention for his actions, which without a doubt incited the other kid’s snapping) and all anger and resentment do is fester and lead to more anger and resentment which leads to…
Sula's Paint & Peel polishes are popular because they're water based and peel off; no need for polish remover! I'm not a huge fan of the fact they peel off, but I would use polish remover anyway. Some people love to peel off their polish, so this is a great option for them specifically.
And it knocked my socks off - and even more so, I've just learned, because the trailer was created by an 18 year old. Go on, watch it if you haven't - you won't, I promise, be disappointed.
I shake my head and sigh. Three years ago, someone could have kept asking questions, could have tried to help me as I insisted something was wrong. Instead, I was shoved out and ignored. And now, if further tests prove it is indeed CREST that causes my issues, I have lung damage that might have been prevented, if my symptoms are an indication.
But I was so wrong.
This move was opposed, and by 1933 the Nationalist government appointed a chief justice of the Chinese Supreme Court to systematize and promote the traditional system of medicine. In contemporary China, both traditional and Western forms of medicine are practiced alongside each other.
I had the bag in my cart, and while I waiting in line at the cash to pay, I kept up an internal monologue with myself. It went something like this:
4) Put both answers together in a post and come back here next Monday (3/26) to link up!
“It is I,” said a meek sounding voice from outside the cave.
Cried three times during 'Up'.
Far away from my goal of 33 mins for 3miles (just under 5km) I ran/walked it in 38mins 12seconds. Here is my Nike+ graph thingy..
Bottom from left: tree, Kasikorn bank, Thong Lor
Really laugh.
If we were to give the asker the benefit of the doubt and look on a brighter side, we would say he probably has a gift of making connections of ideas in the scriptures. And we think he would make a good mystic if he could choose to focus on extracting the symbolic meanings of parables and allegories to expound on Grace and Unconditional Love. It is a pity that his current mindset is influenced by the Evangelicals doctrines on sin and judgment, as we have seen how he tried to explain “God is love but God is also holy”, blah blah blah.
- JMD Pratza by kanu Mangotra in the food space
Although the path to purchase may appear unclear as consumers conduct the shopping process across multiple channels, Pollak encouraged mobile marketers to think about factors such as a consumer’s distance from a store and the days and times when mobile usage spikes. For example, tablet usage peaks during after-work hours and smartphone usage spikes during weekend days. Connecting and strategizing based on those statistics will help mobile marketers provide more targeted and personalized campaigns akin to the marketing experiences consumers are accustomed to on the web.
2 generating
It's not just my body failing. The mind - it goes.
Axelrod: he would have stood by and let
The preeminent Chicago pizza restaurant is Pizzeria Uno. In enterprise because 1943, their full-dish concoction was an immediate hit. And Pizzeria Due opened not lengthy after a block away. These days, you don’t have to come to Chicago to take pleasure in 1. The other well-known Chicago pie maker is Lou Malnati. His dad, Rudy, utilized to be the chef at Pizzeria Uno, and some feel he is the real inventor of the Chicago type. Lou opened his restaurant in the suburbs in 1971, and almost 40 several years later there are 30 places in the Chicago location. They’re noted for the flaky, buttery crust. If you can’t get to Chicago to take pleasure in one particular, they’ll ship one to you on dry ice.
Biologically men have hormones which were originally intended to make them great hunters, providers and protectors. Basic human culture has evolved and two things have happened; men no longer use the male hormones in the circumstances for which they were intended millions of years ago, and women are now as responsible for the hunting, providing and protecting.
Whether you're running a race or just running around town, you should feel comfortable.
I keep forgetting to take pictures of the garden, but here are some flowers in a bouquet, that are blooming now.
“More than 500 volcanic vents have been identified in the State of California. At least 76 of these vents have erupted, some repeatedly, during the last 10,000 years. … Sooner or later, volcanoes in California will erupt again, and they could have serious impacts on the health and safety of the State’s citizens as well as on its economy.” Miller, C. Dan, 1989, Potential Hazards from Future Volcanic Eruptions in California: U.S. Geological Survey Bulletin 1847, 17p.
He tried and tried again. ‘Please Chunnie… Pick up…’
Blue Scholar Blog: How has the community responded to occupy Virginia Beach?
I could agonize over a clever, insightful and introspective way to start this blog, but really that would just give me more reason to procrastinate getting started...which has been my M.O. for this whole decorating thing for far too long.
The last blog I will mention is as different from the Alcatraz blog as day is from night. It is not about a single episode, is not academic writing, engages the reader, and was mainly composed in my head. Needless to say, I had a lot of fun with The Excuses You’ve Been Waiting For, and I have to credit all of the inspiration from a single episode of Untold Stories of the ER. With this blog, I felt like I finally had developed a voice that could be critical but funny, engaging but still informative. It also provided me with an excuse to keep watching Make it or Break it.
Winner will be anounced two weeks from today .. what is that? August 7th .. time .. whenever I wake up.
Cover Rating: 7/10
and lives for laughter,
That won you without blows! Despising,
Perfection is actually out of our reach. But if we aspire to it, we will reach excellence on the way.
Moses is doing too much. He’s sitting as judge for the people “from morning until evening” (v.13), and he’s in danger of burnout (v.18). Yet he doesn’t see that anything is wrong; rather, he sees himself as doing God’s work among the people of Israel. In fact, there is almost an air of self-importance and pride in Moses’ response to his father-in-law: “they come to me and I decide between one person and another, and I make known to them the statutes and instructions of God” (v.16).
FB: Non! You know, like maybe if you want to cover up something or something...
Right before mile 6, what I had previously dubbed the "Hill of Death", there was a spectator with a sign that read "Pain is temporary, but pride is forever". This was not the only sign I would see that morning with the same saying, but this one came at a perfect time to get me up the hill.
My layout
You can join this free distant energy healing session by using your intention to be included. If you wish to join, just close your eyes for a minute when you read this and mentally say that you intend to join the session and want to be included. That is all you have to do to connect with the energy and you don't have to do anything else. Healing energy can begin to flow to you once you do this as many people who have done this before have reported. I'll be doing unscheduled energy adjustments leading up to the Feb.3 main session and you can receive a lot of healing energy before the main session on Wed. Feb. 3.
All of these Van Slyke cards came in trades, and there's Van Slyke still balancing that helmet.
I've been on the lookout for a shirt-dress for awhile now. Nothing's crossed my path (well, once I found a vintage one made entirely of linen, but I knew I'd never iron the thing), so I decided to raid my husband's closet to see what I could find.
For the past 30 years, our nation’s economy has suffered the ministrations of members of a bizarre religious cult known as “Economics.” Many splinter sects of this cult exist, each decrying the others as heresies. But all the cults of economics share one trait — they don’t work. All economics is voodoo. Astrology. Tarot reading.
Idealistic
By Charles Foerster
If you wonder how to win in online casinos, you may have to realize many things related with online casinos. The foremost thing you have to know and realize is about availability of many people--not only you--to be able to play online Casino in very easy and simple way. This means that you may meet with every people from all over the world who are willing to play online Casino as like you. People you meet in online Casino may have higher ability or experience than you at playing Casino, so that you have to use such smart strategy for dealing with this condition. Moreover, the larger availability of Casinos for mobiles enables every one using supporting device to use and enjoy the new feature can increase the number of online Casino players. These all features are supported by high amount of payback, prize, or bonus available for those who win the game, so that Casino lovers number increase day by day. For this such heavy competition, you need valid and valuable information about online Casino which can guide you before or during playing the game many people like and idolize it.
By this time my mama was back and she gave me my helmet and then also reminded me I hadn't braided Daisy's mane. CRAP! So I quickly determined that I should just head on down to the arena and attempt to braid it there if I had time. I grabbed a few rubber bands and headed back down there. And thankfully I did have time to hurriedly get it up. Theres a bit of it in the picture. It wasn't as nice as the day before but I got all of it in there with time to spare!
Kruger warned: “I have news for this little gang: ‘don’t for one minute believe that you will stop me or the Boer-volk from continuing on our road to freedom. We have taken this road ever since 1836 and we will not deviate from it. Not for one moment.”
Hand holding.
Yeah, me neither.
Grand Central, May 8 2012
Yes, that’s right–zombies would suck at hide and seek. They aren’t thinking beings anymore. They lack curiosity, creativity, problem-solving skills, etc.. All you’d need to do to survive a zombie infestation is lock your doors and not go out. There–problem solved. Hell, climb a ladder atop a roof and then vandalize the rungs and you’d be safe forever, provided you didn’t starve (don’t worry, though, since zombies aren’t going to be able to topple society, somebody will be along sooner or later).
The former was born with negative VR, while the latter was born with positive VR. The former lives through hardship, while the latter grows up with facilities. Isn’t that just unfair? How do ECL explains that?
So tell me how do you make Christmas about him?
Da hat einer mitgedacht, würde ich sagen!
Pregnant women and new mums are among the most vulnerable people around, emotionally and physically. If you find yourself turning to these message boards for advice, tread carefully. While they provide great support and excellent information, there are vipers lurking.
Who is playing for who? Nothing is as it seems. Trust is hard to come by.
APRIL: RITA ORA
She said she wants to question the owner “to find out what’s going on.”
Now I have to go pee. You should probably go pee too.
In addition to visit the University of St. Andrews, getting ice cream and walking along the coast and visiting the ruined cathedral, we also climbed up to the top of St. Rule (an old part of the ruined cathedral) for some fabulous views around St. Andrews!
The book itself has an interesting format. The contents page shows several titles and their page numbers so that it first resembles a story collection. In many ways that is what this is, although they are all linked; we might accurately describe these as vignettes of childhood. Now I gave Verhulst a tough time for pulling the same trick in his book but there's something about the brevity here that makes sense of it. Many are just a page or two and in that manner Torres gives us a whistlestop tour of his, ahem, I mean his narrator's childhood. About to turn seven at the outset he has two brothers, Manny the eldest and Joel between them. Paps is Puerto Rican, Ma is white, both are from Brooklyn but had to marry in Texas in order to do it legally when Ma first got pregnant at 14 (and Paps just 16). The three brothers, as the title suggests, are often depicted like animals as they hurtle through childhood, beginning as birds in the opening chapter We Wanted More.
The Ju 390 was the modified version of the Ju 290 airframe with extensions fitted into the wings to elongate them and accommodate the added power plants, 6 of them. The base fuselage was also elongated in the new design.
Also pages must be created solely for this challenge to be valid for entry
The Times has found that doctors who take money from drug makers often practice medicine differently from those who do not and that they are more willing to prescribe drugs in risky and unapproved ways, such as prescribing powerful antipsychotic medicines for children.
Ladies and gentlemen, nothing in this adventure is statted out. As the DM, you must be nimble and creative and willing to put some time into it.
“You’re scaring me, babe.” He started off slowly.
Impunity, as defined by National Union of Journalists in the Philippines-Bulacan Chapter (NUJP-Bulacan) Chairman Dino Balabo, is one’s exemption from punishment or loss or escape from jurisdiction. Or simply put, impunity is a state of being lawless — and that isn’t the kind of thing to be proud of.
AKA: Ghosts of Ashbury High (US)
Any thoughts? Is there some sort of model that would make this ministry beneficial to the church that would take the financial issue off the table or even maybe make my ministry fiscally beneficial to both me and the host congregation?
It is the gospel, after all.
First, I'll let you know that my goal was to build muscle and get lean, with Jamie Eason as one of my inspirational goals. I like her shape, although she is a fitness model who is way leaner and more muscular than I'd like to be. She is about my height though, 5'2 (I'm a shorty at 5'1).
h enjoyed Hollywood and visiting all the family (Ontario, Michigan, New Jersey, British Columbia).
Until it gets here, my beloved old person and I will wrap up in scarves and sweatshirts and walk on the beach. And I'll bring you all the news I can from the tiny, beautiful microcosm of life at Guana Reserve.
J E T S ~ Jokes End This Season?
In Kerrville, Texas, youth services were maxed out at serving 43 students each day in after-school programs with a small facility in the town of about 23,000 people, said Salvation Army Capt. Brett Meredith. With the building of a new $32 million Kroc Community Center that opened in November 2010, it can serve 200 students daily with a complex that includes two pools, a fitness center, dance studio and gymnasium.
The Prize will be 4 digital images of the winner's choice.
Skepoet What, if any, changes have you seen in the make-up of people attending
After talking to TS you need to find a suitable qualified cosmetic chemist who will test your products for safety and make sure the ingredients you wish to use are not on any banned list or injurious to health!
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 10:41 AM 0 comments
Roasted eggplant
We can pretend we are in the wild, wild west, ready to shoot folks in the face and talk like a hillbilly and find that acceptable? Obviously to some people, yes.
“12 Angry Men: From TV to The Big Screen” features film scholar Vance Kepley talking about how it went from a teleplay to film. Rather fittingly, he briefly gives the origins of 12 Angry Men and its numerous adaptations over the years. He talks about the challenges of working in live T.V.
“The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom, and peace. But in the face of United States aggression, they have risen up, united as one man.”
Two days ago, the most bustling portion of Fifth Avenue was closed on a busy Wednesday for the St. Patrick’s Day parade, undoubtedly annoying thousands of locals interrupted in their daily commutes and hurting numerous businesses. Every year, the same occurs for such events as the NYC Marathon, the 5-Boro Bike Ride, street fairs and so on. Yet somehow, life seems to go on. Meanwhile, that five-minute annoyance to you often means a LOT to the people who benefited from it.
We ended the lesson with the kids on our backs as we all played sharks and minnows across the pool, having our little sharks yell “ONE, TWO, THREE, MINNOWS GO!” Though this was not the primary aim of the activity, as their teacher I couldn’t help but get excited that they were learning English words too! It gave us the chance to teach and reiterate words like kick, swim, under, other side, fish, shark, and more! To top it all off, during the five minutes of free time in the shallow children’s pool after the lesson, I heard them giggling as they yelled the English words out and practiced swimming some more on their own.
1-1 1/2 tsp spices: cinnamon, nutmeg, or allspice
Recent immigrants tended to vote for Labour.
A couple of thrift shops,
Guest contributor, rap connoisseur and all around good dude Marc Lanza (@LanzDaddy) drops in to drop some knowledge. Check out his take on all the "Young Geezys":
pictures taken through shop windows in rome’s center in spring time.
(2) A multitude of free themes designed to meet different blogging needs/likes. One click is all it takes to change the look and feel of your blog, and more custom options (i.e., headers) than I can share about. (This is great for someone like me who gets tired of the same look after a while.)
It's a good, great world
“Like all children, Katrina too grew up on these fairytale characters and hence was too excited to play not one but three of them,” the source adds.
Triton College in River Grove is conducting a contest to find a name that complements the atmosphere created by the unending pool of talented students who have honed or are beginning to develop their abilities in the Dining Room.
“That’s enough for me.”
if you like ELLA on Facebook then please write 'ELLA FB'
I made a simpler version of one of these notebooks a few months ago but these needed to be a bit special. I must add that I recieved 2 wonderful handmade gifts in return and feel this will become a Christmas tradition.
Born on December 18, 1984, Katie Walsh comes from a family steeped in racing heritage as her father is the trainer, broadcaster and former champion amateur jockey Ted Walsh while her brother is Ruby Walsh, the most successful jockey ever at the Cheltenham Festival who has twice ridden the winner of the John Smith’s Grand National. Katie led up the 2000 winner Papillon, who was trained by her father and ridden by Ruby. Along with her sister-in-law, Nina Carberry (who is married to her brother Ted Jnr), she is one of the best ever female jockeys. The amateur’s first victory came on Hannon, trained by her father, in a Flat race at Gowran Park on October 10, 2003. From an early stage in her career, she forged a successful relationship with champion Irish jump trainer Willie Mullins and her first big victory came on the Mullins-trained Glencove Marina in the 2006 Goffs Land Rover Bumper at the Punchestown Festival. During the early part of her career, Walsh enjoyed significant success on the Flat, winning the Ladies’ Derby at the Curragh on Cloneden in 2005 and partnering her father’s Collingwood to two victories on the beach at Laytown in 2006 and 2007. Never Compromise gave Walsh back-to-back victories in the Risk Of Thunder Chase over the banks course at Punchestown in 2006 and 2007. The 2010 Cheltenham Festival saw Walsh partner two winners, taking the National Hunt Chase on the Ferdy Murphy-trained Poker De Sivola and the Vincent O’Brien County Hurdle on Thousand Stars for Willie Mullins. Thousand Stars also provided Walsh with victory in the Grade One John Smith’s Aintree Hurdle in 2011. She came in for the ride on Seabass following her brother’s decision to partner On His Own. Walsh lives with her long-term boyfriend Ross O’Sullivan, a point-to-point trainer. Dick and Lewis Rees, successful in 1921 and 1922, were the last siblings to both ride Grand National winners.
Read a lot – don’t be afraid of genres that you’re not necessarily into and be sure to get your nose into some of the classics and some nonfiction. The point of reading as a writer is to expand your universe, not to check up on what everyone else is doing and copy it. Write a lot, even if it isn’t publishable. You have to start getting in a groove and making mistakes so that you can see what works and where your comfort zone is. Live your life and say yes to opportunities – even a trip to the grocery store could give you an idea for how a character might behave. I feel like I know so much more about emotions than I did when I was in my teens and twenties since I’ve gone through that much more life – and I hope I’ll keep feeling the same way with the more time I get under my belt.
“Take it,” I said. “I want you to have it.”
who bid us farewell February 1st
“Wasn’t that just awful?” she whispers. “I heard he was smoking marijuana by the streetlight.”
Hopefully I will now not meet one of these creatures alive and biting. That would not be synchronicity. That would be a story from the Twilight Zone.
Yes, yes. I know. Where have I been, you say? The answer, for the most part, is that I've been writing songs. There's more to the story than that, of course, but most of the other stuff isn't all that interesting, so we can leave it at that.
So Jesus is one of at least seven children. His mother’s name is Mary. He’s a carpenter. And his father is unmentioned, which seems kind of odd for a patriarchal society, referring to a man in reference to his mother but not his father.
Cue - Deveney's of Dundrum........
were apparently recorded on the same equipment by the same taper and both came from the
One folk name for yarrow is devil’s nettle. Other names include bloodwort, carpenter’s weed, sanguinary, staunchweed, dog daisy, old man’s pepper, field hops, nosebleed, knight’s milfoil, soldier’s woundwort, and military herb. Yarrow accompanied soldiers into battle and was relied upon for its hemostatic action to treat wounds.
At the end of the day, we cleared the space in preparation for the celebratory soiree that proceeded. Food, wine, and music were all present, all of the elements needed for a great end to a great day. I’ll try to post some photos from the event at a later time, so stay tuned if interested!
In the criminal justice system, a 2011 study commissioned by Israel's courts administration and Israel bar association revealed that almost half of Arabs receive custodial sentences for certain crimes, compared to a third of Jews. While 63.5% of Arabs convicted of violent crimes were sentenced to prison, only 43.7% of similar Jewish offenders were.
The worst thing about writing for television?
East Midlands RO, Geoff Dickens, opened the meeting, starting with a minute's silence for Security Team activist Dennis Scullion, who died last week, aged 47.
You see, Mother Nature knew that this was an important day for us. She knew we would be walking here and she made sure to help us start our day off with a glorious sunrise.
*eeks*
“Small world. Small wretched, pathetic, ghetto, dignity and self respect stealing fast food restaurant in the ghetto world.”
Drinking together in what would be Alaric’s last moments, the BFFs shared some laughs and finished the entire bottle, marking the end of their fabulous bromance. I was devastated to see this friendship come to an end. Their chemistry and scenes together have been some of my favorites of the past two seasons (2nd and 3rd), and, as a viewer, it was hard to watch them say goodbye to that. Tragic.
When we are seated, I hand him an airtight plastic box containing the Purple Pansy of Swaziland. He pulls off the lid, sticks in his nose and takes a deep breath.
Becky’s dedication and passion hasn’t gone unnoticed by the Foundation supporters either. At last year’s Saving Grace Gala, Becky was named Volunteer of the Year for her dedication to our mission. Although honored to be recognized by the Foundation, Becky’s hope for this year’s walk and the coming years is for more local recognition and participation by the medical community.
Needless to say I was not impressed with the hall of fame. I could have sat and watched people going in all day, so now I have 3 hours to do something else. The Zoo.
Asian friendship is considered to be a form of respect.
no floors
* A German immigrant so tired of American customs, his wife, Rosie Ann said that “one day he got on his horse and rode away”
05 These Days (Live from the Lyceum, London 29 February 1980)
“How would you describe the taste of Lamial Buds in the moonlight?”
It’s very rare for a film to pull me toward the edge of my seat every time I watch it, but Summer Wars manages to do just that. It is very grounded and down-to-earth, and at the same time it features great action sequences and a compelling premise that anyone in our social network society can relate to. It draws you into both the dazzling world of OZ and the seemingly ordinary life of a closely-knit family.
That was before new management took over. The owner has to be one of the most unpleasant people I’ve ever met. I don’t know what she expected from owning a bar, but it’s clearly not the career path she wanted. We’ve had quite a few run-in’s with her bad attitude, and we’re more than tired of it. Oh, and I forgot to mention that she spends most of her night talking to her friends at one end of the bar so it takes about an hour to get a drink.
When the children are not around me the days seem to go by so slow.
I used the red tape from Provo craft on the tabs. The blue patterned paper is from My Minds Eye and the cream paper is bazzill. I stamped the sentiment on cream paper from Close to My Heart.
Proper camera equipment play key role for those who consider photography as their hobby. Make sure you bought a branded and high-efficient camera that come built in with many other additional camera equipments. High-efficient camera features give an outstanding look to your photographs. These camera equipments come with alluring features including more capacity to store images, high display, auto-play back, wireless network, Menu language and long running battery power.
Joining the following parties
I've been trying to come up with things to do that are inexpensive and fun. I don't have an income for the next seven weeks! We went to see the fireworks on Canada day, the kids have been enjoying the sprinkler, and i'm trying to do one small organizing project each day .. yesterday I did the furnace room which took me about half an hour but what a difference! I'm also thinking about painting the kitchen as it hasn't been done since we moved in five years ago .. I think it's time. What have you all been up to?
So I know there is a whole bunch of ettiquite info out there but I'm looking for someone who has had experience with this.
I felt betrayed. I felt like God had abandoned her. I felt like he had abandoned me. And Katie. And all the others who prayed for her. The God I knew would never do that. He would never let that happen. He had the power to fix her, so why wouldn't he use it? He had the power to end her suffering, so why wouldn't he use it? He had the power to do something - anything - so why wouldn't he use it? And the only answer I could come up with was that I was wrong about God. Either he wasn't who I thought he was, or he didn't exist at all. Both choices sucked, but the blind faith I had clung to for most of my life wasn't an option anymore.
1 The dealer’s cat, named for Jake Berthot, is longhaired and raccoon-like.
"You all know we are Africans, play with an African feeling, Okey?"
With political and social photographs, as are most of the images of Zhang Dali’s exhibition, the results of alterations can been even more powerful, powerful to the point of allowing a government the support of its people because belief in images outweigh any suspicions that bring doubt. Not only do people want and desire the presented image, the nature of the image itself props this belief up. As Susan Sontag deftly pointed out in her last book Regarding the Pain of Others, the pervasive social truth of the civil war, how the battles actually “looked,” come from Andrew Gardener’s famous photographs of mangled bodies piled high and gruesome scenes of concentrated horror. However, Gardener arranged these scenes according to the conventions of not only photography, but the rules of painting composition. We get a scene, but a scene that looks exactly the way it is supposed to. The power of these false, constructed images will always trump our knowledge of their creation.
12. Goodnight Cowboy Sally (Outro)
Bill Bruford - drums, percussion
We'll be falling in love
I’m a bit down in the dumps today. I had this awful nightmare last night that our house was being torn apart by a tornado. I woke up to a huge clap of thunder and panic that it really was happening. It wasn’t, of course. It was just a storm with heavy rain. It would have been soothing if I hadn’t went into a pure panic mode, sure our days were numbered. (As a note, I have GOT to stop watching the Day After Tomorrow and 2012. I’m making myself more BSC than I already am.) Anyway, since I was terrified, I only slept a few hours last night. I brought my stuff to workout at lunch but I’m not sure I’m up to it. This may be a rest day, though I intended on Saturday being a rest day. Perhaps both today and Saturday will be a rest day.
First up, one back from Cubs Spring Training, Andy Sonnanstine. He was sent to the Iowa Cubs. Hopefully we'll see him in Chicago soon!
I studied Spanish sonnets with their own rules, i think, i think
Today is another spectacular day, and I hope all of you enjoy it too!
I want to scream with you, sweat with you, fall asleep with you inside me, wake up next to you, and start again. I want to love you perfectly. I want to be loved by you forever. But none of it will ever happen.
Speak again soon, or, you know, in a month.
To be fair, I’m not sure Vegas has local flavor apart from casino buffets and what has been brought in by other expensive chains. Not that the food there isn't good—as my over-the-shoulder-reading boyfriend pointed out "they have some of the best restaurants in the world."
And if you are really good, some fun post-op photos!
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) is a mental illness that primarily revolves around anxiety and coping mechanisms that the individual has developed in order to handle that anxiety. Many people have OCD, but it can be hard to understand. The following links provide information and resources regarding this disorder.
“Jae, what should I do? I don’t know what to do…” He tell his problem to his best friend.
Feelings finally unified with their nature
End sidetrack.
Indeed, on the evidence of last night, it would seem that the alliance between Neo-Francoist Catholicism and rightist White Evangelicals is alive and thriving and defining the Republican party. Those who see a swarthy, mixed race Hawaiian in the White House and continue to cling to the belief that he is a socialist- Muslim agent provocateur, have their champion in Senator Santorum. Any historical unpleasantness, sectarian or ethnic, will be forgotten in the all consuming passion to drive the President from office. That is, unless you are a Mormon. A papist is one thing, but god-fearing people have to draw the line somewere, right?
MICHAEL GOTTLIEB (Mr. Nanny)
Of course, all these vignettes give me ideas and ideas are good when you’re writing a work of fiction. But as a caveat, it’s distracting when you have your whole book planned out and you don’t need any more scenes or walk on characters. More importantly, I don’t like to be the subject of someone else’s curiosity.
Today is another manic Monday here at our own little piece of heaven on Earth. Everyone greatly dislikes a Monday; and I am no exception when it comes to liking a Monday. Here is a little insight as to why it is not the best day of the week for my family and me.
1/8 cup cashews, raw
I bought my first watermelon of the year at a store in my neiborhood last week. It was “a small watermelon” but was rather big and very cheap.
She blew the hair out of her face as she kept working. “I’m booked solid until
· Share a step-by-step tutorial (does not need to be your original idea, but would be nice) as per rotating schedule for our blog and yours.
“Earlier this year, our film crew joined the international project “Speak Up for Human Rights! Use New Media!”. The cooperation of three organizations from Belarus, Germany and Ukraine allows young adults to acquire necessary know-how to realize human rights campaigns.
Ms. Haffajee said she believed that the legislation reflected the vulnerabilities felt by the A.N.C., which has been the dominant party in South African politics since 1994. It is instinctive, she said, “for people in power to attempt to stifle the media when it makes exposures that are uncomfortable.”
I'll save the rest so I don't overwhelm you today. As a teaser of the final image I'll show you the backside, which looks more like watercolor and is just as beautiful as the front.
Kerryn Phelps, AM, was the first female president of the Australian Medical Association (AMA) where she fought for many public health and social issues. Known through her work as a health journalist, she and her wife Jackie Stricker-Phelps have worked for legal equality for same-sex relationships since their marriage in New York in 1998. Prof. Phelps was honoured in the 2011 Queens Birthday honours list, being made Member of the Order of Australia for ‘service to medicine, particularly through leadership roles with the Australian Medical Association, to education and community health, and as a general practitioner’.
As always, thanks for reading, everyone! Have a nice weekend and stay tuned for more!
To borrow someone else's turn of phrase "U-turn if you want to" Peter Robinson, Ulster Unionists are not for turning.
Apparently a woman of formidable strength, which I have to assume after trying to pick up her work, Mishima Kimiyo (born 1932) makes ceramic sculpture using silkscreen as a featured technique. She wishes to pry from her audience the understanding that our trash is filling the world, and if not dealt with soon, it will come to represent us to future generations. So, she presents trash from our food packages and newspapers as a potential contemporary icon.
Another in my "Picture Within" series and this time the focus is a personal one, for that is my mother looking straight at me with an intent gaze and a troubled frown. My portrait is cropped from a larger one which features Gladys with her mother and father and her elder sister Amy.
The following passage shows what happened to the church in Ephesus, to whom John addressed his epistles. Only a few years later, the apostle would receive this revelation from Christ (Revelation 2:1-7):
spiraling into non-existence.
she was supposed to misplace them when packing her things.
Here's my dad rolling out thou dough, this job was passed onto Josh later on. My dad is the designated doughnut cooker. You have to work your way up the ranks in the family, cooker being the most sought after job, the lowest being....
The amazing thing about IKEA is just how successful it is by one rule: Keep It Simple. Simple furniture in simple boxes for fair prices. Even the construction of the book shelves and drawers I've put together was extremely simple!
I do, you see. I remember it all too well.
Anyway, if times have not yet changed, they may be in the process of changing.
But the bigger issue is that the Falkland Islands are a British Overseas Territory. This time 30 years ago, a British task force was en route to retake the islands after they had been invaded by Argentina. The death toll of that war included 255 British troops.
Even so, it is clear that his influence did seep into various exile circles, often influencing further generations of exile students through them. This is clear, all else apart, from the usage of the term "organic intellectual", a Gramscian term, which can not infrequently be heard in the mouths of Left activists, let alone the continual stress on the need for ANC "hegemony", Gramsci's central concept.
2009 research outcomes
In colder climates there is something important we can be doing. Since the trees and bushes have shed their leaves it's a good time to look at them and make notes of what needs pruning. You can look at the bare branches and determine if they look properly shaped. Keep a notebook and make sketches of what you want to do when it warms up. Keep in mind that large pine trees often do better if the lower branches are trimmed so they aren't touching the ground.
In the 1920s, it was common for families to purchase automobiles, refrigerators, stoves, and other consumer durables with “installment debt”: that is, they made a down payment of about one-third, took the item home immediately, and promised to make regular payments until the item was fully paid. If the borrower failed to make his payments — even the last one — the item he purchased could be repossessed and he would receive no refund of his prior payments.
I suppose then, these meetings are their version of a Hillary-Clinton style "listening tour" to soften the impact, presumably, on the day when the fatal blows finally fall. I can see seeking such input on where to place new facilities, but I don't see why they're needed when contemplating closure, other than as a cathartic exercise for locals who want to speak their piece - a motivation which, while seemingly trivial, shouldn't be completely discounted. People take bad news better if they feel that first you've heard them out. But I suspect that TYC management right now has a pretty good idea of which units it makes sense to keep open and which ones are more trouble than they're worth. And I wonder how much could possibly change between now and June as a result of having received public testimony.
We are looking for individuals who are punctual, reliable, excellent communicators, organized and effective group leaders, and can be enthusiastic, energetic and inspirational with groups of young people. Having previous summer camp teaching experience is an asset.
When eating from a CSA you can't always (aka never) pick what you get unless you get extras. This makes your first venture into CSA from a 'normal' diet quite difficult. Not only do you find odd pieces of food you don't know what to do with (kohlrabi seems to be the fun one - that, and yakons) but you also have to suddenly learn how to work with what you have. Gone are the days of buying at the shops what you need per meal - instead you have to work out how to change virtually every recipe to adapt to what's in the fridge so it doesn't go off. For beginners, this can be quite difficult.
Entries without a link back on your blog will be deleted!
Grease a 13 by 9 by 2-inch pan and set aside. In a mixing bowl, stir together flour, sugar, and salt. Add butter, eggs, orange extract, and orange zest and beat with a handheld electric mixer until well blended. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for 30 minutes, or until light golden brown and set. Remove from oven and pierce top of entire cake with a fork.
Next you have the attached hood. Ooooh this hood has been the deterrent for dozens of swimwear purchases. I just think it's the goofiest looking thing. I wear hijab and feel pretty. I wear an attached swimhood and feel like a conehead.
The gifts you can choose from are far too many to list, but here are a few:
It somehow managed to be both a good performance and a depressing game to watch. Players and fans alike are clearly tired. I think we’re all ready for the season to end.
Why? Because I AM YOUR OVERLORD!
"in all the detective stories I've read there is usually a good-looking and highly educated young officer who falls in love with a rich and beautiful girl and, after rescuing her every ten pages from a fate which is popularly supposed to be worse than death, marries her on page 366 and lives happily right up to the end cover."
"Such was the level of concern they immediately realised it could be a serious medical incident and took steps to complete the relevant documentation."
Protection sports evaluate a dog’s ability to protect both himself and his (or her) handler. The tests and trials of the various protection sports are based on the overall temperament of the dog. That is, the dog must be protective, but also safe for the handler and public and responsive to the handler’s commands. Dogs may be trained for personal protection, for work (police and military), or for sport.
Hold fast to this and never doubt it: the only-begotten Son, God the Word, becoming man offered himself for us to God as a fragrant offering and sacrifice.
I’ll give you my insight, my thoughts on it all
I finished my Quilter's Tote Bag yesterday. I have to say I cheated a bit and used my sewing machine to do the quilting. I really don't think that my hand-sewing is up to being used for a Bag! I will post a picture of of the finished bag later in the week. I have also nearly finished handquilting my last cushion cover so you can look forward to seeing them really soon now. I think we are starting to make a really large quilt with a jellyroll next, so watch this space!
And I have to admit its a kind of a sexy accusation. And I also know that its true. This is not news to me. I do like a crisis. I operate at maximum efficiency in the face of catastrophe. My aim is sure. My hands are steady. During rehearsals for the Super Bowl Half Time Show at Joe Robbie Stadium in Miami, I was a wreck. I was the PSM (production stage manager), the head honcho. Under my command I had a Technical Director, 2 Stage Managers, 1 Costume Designer, a crew of about 50 Production Assistants, 200 dancers, and about 1,000 cast members including a team that was in charge of "cold fire."
Jesus has told us what to do to defeat the enemy. We are to take care of one another out of our love for Him. We are to love Him and love one another. In this way, the enemy will be defeated forever.
And probably at the top of the list - the trilogy of If . . ./Britannia Hospital/O Lucky Man!
I have found a very good contender.
Factory Records Fac 263
Given the nature of the German U boat campaign in 1917 - it came close to starving Britain - I'm amazed there were any ships available to transport George Younger's beer. Especially to such distant colonial markets. And British breweries struggled to supply their pubs with something vaguely alcoholic.
If you are following this blog in your reader, you may have noticed that I published 125 posts today. In case that piqued your curiosity, it happened because I merged my family blog into this, my craft blog. When I started writing back in 2006, this is where it all began. Then, when I started stamping and working on design teams, I decided to split the two. After much consideration, I've decided that life is just easier if everything is in one place, so I'm back where I began. Everything comes full circle, doesn't it?
Last week I did the stairmaster for:
I pulled out a sweet little single stamp from Stampin Up called Triple Treat flower. This pretty little stamp had never been inked!! I stamped the flower three times, using each of the colors from the color challenge. I used my large fancy lower punch, my 5 petal flower punch, and my 1/2 inch circle punch to punch out the flower layers. I added a dimensional between each layer and a tiny silver brad to the center circle.
Outstanding caregivers act as an advocate on behalf of their clients. Excellent caregivers not only provides the daily care that is needed, but also acts as a facilitator to their clients. This requires the ability to be a good listener, in order to know what their clients needs are and effectively communicating to the client and family.
Strawberries
This week the Championship scored three upsets over Premiership sides, albeit all at home: New England over Portland, NYRB over Colorado, and promotion favorite Sporting KC over FC Dallas.
So how was he heard by the one who was able to save him from death?
16If the agreement of the Lord your God, which was given to you by his orders, is broken, and you become the servants of other gods and give them worship, then the wrath of the Lord will be burning against you, and you will quickly be cut off from the good land which he has given you.
“I don’t think you can try that plate again,” said Praymar, not knowing why exactly he thought so. He had some dim recollection of having seen the plate some time long ago, but the memory was vague in his mind. Perhaps it had been a dream. But whatever the reason he was convinced that trying the plate a second time, so soon after the first, would result in some form of disaster for everyone there. Arik, who was not a little bit spooked by all of these bizarre events, pulled his hand back from the dully-glinting bronze plate. Maybe it would be best to leave it for now, he decided.
Believe me, the dirty tricks will come thick and fast, and they will be aimed at both the MEPs and at the party.
This problem snowballs with a huge number of other none-too-unusual obstacles that would face your average zombie in an urban locale. They aren’t thinking creatures in the same way that a guy who murders his wife and kids in a red-tinged rage-filled haze is. They are going to do stupid things, like walk through plate glass, swim after you until they drown (What? Zombies can’t drown you say? Bullshit–see part 3), get hit by cars, fall down open manholes, electrocute themselves on third rails, and, perhaps most importantly, be unable to find you.
So often we want our wilderness experience to be over with as soon as possible. For so many Christians they never move from Glory to Glory and Faith to Faith because they never embrace the necessary wilderness experience. Moses was in the wilderness for 40 years. Jesus was in the wilderness for 40 days. The time spent in the wilderness is depended upon our capacity to face temptation. The devil tempted Jesus for 40 days in the wilderness…the temptation by the enemy is a necessary screening process to see WHAT WE WILL GIVE UP and HOW WE WILL TRUST GOD TO PROVIDE.
Since the start of our education fund last year, we have screened over a thousand applications for financial aid and I have personally interviewed hundreds of them at our office in Seremban.
** See comment section for some basic tasting notes.
This is a long post, so pour yourself some coffee (or tea) and sit back and enjoy....
The embossing kit is now available for order on the right side of my blog. They are in stock and shipping now! The embossing kit is $35, price includes shipping!
“What are you writing? You look like a poleaxed ox each time you take a break between words. I know it’s not your strong suit, but don’t strain yourself more than you have to, cap’n,” Mellira said. She grabbed a loaf of bread and tore off the heel, pacing again as she pulled off small pieces of bread between steps. Half got eaten, and the rest littered the floor under her feet.
This is basic stuff, easily checked, which I, untrained in these fields, can pick as problematic. All history is narrative, so the temptation to select approaches to disputed facts, so as to improve the narrative, must be strong. This implies to me that there’s other, equally erroneous, material which I’ve missed, some of which may be in the biographical data given for the subjects, so it damages my faith in the book.
People engaged in the making of remote control airplanes at their homes usually are not aware of the advantages of the foam material used in it. Some people who are new in making of these airplanes find it hard with their limited knowledge. However, it is in your own interest to get the information about the pros and cons of the foam material used before you spend a lot of money on it.
Breakfast By the Lake (find the mistakes)- More 365 Activities for Kids on November 27
I am more difficult to read than the Rosetta Stone without using Rosetta Stone to first learn the language. I have a fairly expressionless face and my voice just does not change variation. Talking to me is like talking to Steven Wright (look him up). Most people don’t know if I’m joking or completely serious. I get it. I understand. Maybe this is a communication problem. Maybe I should work on my communication skills. But on the other hand, I’m 25 and I’ve survived this long so why fix what isn’t broken right?
If we persist in our yogic practices, over time our inner flow of spiritual experiences will become more vivid and important than our outer sensory and worldly experiences. We will develop our own vast inner life and inner world beyond the stress and sorrow, the ups and downs of our outer existence. We will gain a capacity to directly experience reality, the universe and the depths of consciousness spontaneously and immediately at every moment, without having to rely on any external equipment or outer mediators. We will no longer need any external forms of entertainment or stimulation to distract us. Even when there may be nothing happening around us, we will experience a fullness and a depth that will create contentment and peace within.
4) Female protagonist(s)
I think that Tobi Fairley did an awesome job on this last dining room too...
The passage of the health-care bill has consistently been described in terms of history by those on the left. President Obama, Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Harry Reid and scores of Democratic politicians have called it "historic." Likewise, ABC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC and every other liberal media outlet have used exactly the same word when reporting on the bill.
what we still can't do today.
I write for children, but I also write articles and short stories and a few longer pieces.
Tryndamere: Money.
WORMS!!!!
soup is simmering prepare pastry tops. On a floured work surface roll one of the pastry sheets into an 11-inch square. Cut out 4 pastry rounds, each about 5 1/2 inches in diameter (or 1/2-inch wider all around than the tops of the ramekins). Repeat with remaining pastry sheet. Cut a 1/2-inch circle in the center of each pastry round (a plain 1/2-inch pastry tip works well for cutting the hole). The hole will let the steam escape while the pastry bakes. Cover and
With a bit more late-hopping we could have zingy marvel on our hands. As-is, I'm quite glad not to be out of pocket.
People consistently rank relationships at or near the top of the list of indicators for what constitutes a good quality of life. Human beings are social creatures. Relationships give our lives meaning and purpose. Having a network of family, friends, neighbours, co-workers and others who know and care about us not only enhances our quality of life, it’s also good for our health. Research shows that “individuals with adequate social relationships have a 50% greater likelihood of survival compared to those with poor or insufficient social relationships. The magnitude of this effect is comparable to quitting smoking and it exceeds many well-known risk factors for mortality (e.g., obesity, physical inactivity).” (Holt-Lunstad, Smith & Layton, 2010).
"No like"..........
For maybe all that hear
Excuse me. As if my allergies weren't bad enough this year, now I am sneezing from getting all the dust and cobwebs off of this blog!
We usually go to Tahoe during Christmas Break, but since there was ZERO snow there this year and I was on my death bed (aka: morning sickness) we decided to just stay home during Christmas Break and skip our Tahoe trip.
Now onto our new challenge! The challenge is FOR MEN! We'd love to see your manly projects, for boys and any special guy in your life. The sponsor this week is Digis with Attitude!
A Sprinkling of Christmas, and Hanukkah. I made Christmas and Hanukkah cookies with a fabulous group of women friends. I try not to mix the holidays together, and I am not the least bit comfortable with the star-of-David tree-topper being marketed this year, but I think it’s kosher to let Hanukkah and Christmas cookies co-exist on a counter-top for a few seconds before they are devoured.
I'm a little concerned about this part. It came with the loom, but I don't know what it is or where it goes. It is the same length as the reeds, so I suspect it has something to do with them, but it is not obvious to me what it is for.
Kevin Mason- Dorothy Day Catholic Worker (29; Washington, DC): “The reasons for my actions had a lot to do with my faith, and my conscience. I believe we are all one family in the human race. We need to get to a place where we do for others as we would want them to do for us. I believe then that justice would flow like a mighty river. Dorothy Day put it this way: ‘Our problems stem from our acceptance of this filthy rotten system’, and this is part of my motivation.”
In case you are not familiar with Marr, I’d like to introduce you to this creative and original poet and artist. Marr was born in Taiwan and has published a total of seventeen books of poetry in Chinese, two books of essays and several books of translations in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and China. His two books of poetry in English, Autumn Window (1st ed. 1995, 2nd ed. 1996, Arbor Hill Press, Chicago) and Between Heaven and Earth (2010, PublishAmerica, Baltimore) are distributed at www.amazon.com. His poems are included in over one hundred anthologies, ranging from literary textbooks to special collections, and have been translated into more than ten languages.
Okay, it wasn’t accidental, it was stupid and on purpose, but still. Someone dear to me was also unwittingly ‘signed-up’ for a fee-based ringtone service after completing an IQ test on Facebook.
but that's just
All the colors that you know
SharePoint Log Viewer takes minimum amount of resources on the server.
It looked even better with its apricot glaze on top. In fact it looked a million dollars and sat very well alongside all the gooey chocolate cakes and, of course, the chocolate Guinness cake. I was dying to see what it was like when it was cut ~ and to taste a slice for myself ~ for which I would pay my £1 just like anyone else as the whole idea is to raise money for the charity.
We’re also pleased to announce the confirmed involvement of North of Watford’s SARAH EMMOTT and there will be more confirmed connections soon enough!
That call helped the lefty settle down, as he was getting hit hard by the Twins starters. The lefty really started to get in a groove in the bottom of the third when he retired eight batters, before giving up a hit in the bottom of the fifth.
Register by May 11, 2012 to:
20Cursed is he who has sex relations with his father’s wife, for he has put shame on his father. And let all the people say, So be it.
I want to feel, I want to dance, I want to soar…
18. What is your favorite season? I enjoy each one for what if offers, but if had to choose, I’d say summer, because I get 2 months off.
I can know the universe
Brooklyn residents have expressed a similar concern, and the elected officials are providing a voice for their constituents. Please feel free to contact the offices of elected officials who signed onto this letter with any questions. Thank you.
There are many ways of becoming successful. But is there a formula, and ‘exercise’ that we can do that will help us become more successful? The answer quite simply is YES, and in this week’s Mojo, Tom Tognoli shares that concept with us in a way that is easy and simple. So get ready learn how to build your ‘success muscle’
Full marks for optimism and persistence have to go to the man who approached the open window of my Land Rover as I was parking the vehicle to ask the same thing. Dude - I'm driving a car, I do not need a bl**dy tuk-tuk!
courtesy of Jen!
Truth thinks that HHH made the right move here…Ninja please.
Hope I'm here tomorrow night to see your smiling faces
What Bamakois are most worried about right now, in my view, is economic sanctions. While sanctions would ostensibly target the junta, this is where ordinary citizens will have to pay the price of their leaders’ actions. People here know full well that Mali will be brought to its knees, economically speaking, if the borders are closed and vital imports of gasoline, diesel, and many food staples (e.g. sugar, powdered milk) cannot enter the country. They know that life will get hard if banks cannot continue to draw money from the BCEAO (the central bank of West Africa’s eight countries using the CFA franc). Whatever their feelings toward the CNRDRE — and they are growing more negative by the day — nobody here supports the imposition of sanctions.
Once I got the shoes on, I headed outside to do a simple walk today. After walking about a block I had to backtrack home and get myself a stocking cap. The temp is showing 43 F, with winds at 15 MPH so bring the “feels like” temp down to 35 F.
On Friday I was sort of disgusted with the whole thing and made a declaration that I was not sending out one more email...but, I went ahead and sent two more....just because I figured what have I got to lose, right?
Lily's comments were replied to by Frustrated Mess who called them
The first ‘chapter’ is called the Prologue (which means it isn’t actually a ‘chapter’ but whatever). It takes place back in the day when Stormwind had just finished being rebuilt (which I say happened in Year 20. Nothing seems to be entirely clear on that). Creme is a young girl, around 5 or so, and her mother, Elise, is taking her to Stormwind to the planned celebration/collection of payment for the workers (Elise is collecting her late-husband’s wages). However, things end up badly when the workers learn there is no payment and riots begin. Elise is killed in these riots, leading off to a very depressing start.
From both of Dream’s cheeks.
Here are kitchen cabinet pull handles by Martha Stewart from Home Depot in Canada and Home Depot in the U.S.A. The name varies a bit but I can't tell the difference between the two. You can click on the name and price below to see the product on it's web page.
When your only friends growing up are a giraffe, a herd of elephants, a smattering of lions, and a chimp named Rocky, your sense of right and wrong is bound to be somewhat off-kilter compared to the rest of humanity. How else can you explain the kooky positions held by the shapely protagonist in Golden Temple Amazons (a.k.a. Amazons in the Temple of Gold), a Jess Franco jungle adventure film produced by the fine folks at Eurociné. Let's say you're little white girl growing up in the jungles of Africa, and your father steels some gold from a mysterious tribe of all-white Amazonian women. And let's say they track said loved one down to his hubristic den of colonial vulgarity, and kill your gold-stealing father and your mother with poison arrows. Do you: A) Swear to revenge their deaths; B) Shrug your shoulders and do nothing; or C) Thank the scantily clad white women for ridding the world of another pair of drunken prats, and ask them to join their tribe. While most normal people, myself included, would have chosen the third option without hesitation, Liana (Analía Ivars) decides that she wants to avenge their deaths at the hands of a tribe of gorgeous warrior women; a tribe who seem to have an affinity for riding horses without the aide of tops. I'll forgive Liana for desiring vengeance when she was an irrational little girl, but the fact that her thirst for violent retribution continued fester as a smoking hot adult didn't make a whole lot of sense. You would have thought she would have figured out that her parents were dicks by the time her cantaloupes had begun to sprout nipples. But what about Liana's mother? Surely she didn't deserve to be shot into her chest with a poison arrow. It's true, technically her mom didn't steal the gold, but she did shelter her husband, and, on top of that, she seemed complacent over the fact that he stole it.
Tx #2
Chocolate kahlua creme
On a hot oiled skillet plunk down your pancake batter.
In this house, ordering a pizza is always a multi-step process. First, there's deciding to have take-out instead of cooking. I always feel badly about ordering dinner when there's perfectly cookable food in the refrigerator, so this first step tends to take a while as I go back and forth. Once my laziness has conquered my guilt, there's the matter of deciding where to order. Somehow, despite only having about five take-away places near our house, this is always a lengthy conversation. After we've decided on pizza, it's a fifteen minute wait for pick-up. Then another 15 minutes after that to get the pizza home.
Put in blender along with:
cheers Z
The staff at Oceanstone was able to pull off a full ceremony, five course gourmet meal, a wedding reception, followed by pizza, all with no power, on generators, immidiately following a hurricane. Not bad at all!
The Veronicas are a pop/rock band made up of 27-year old twin sisters Lisa and Jess Origliasso from Brisbane, Australia. They released their debut album, “The Secret Life Of The Veronicas” in 2005 and found great success in their homeland of Australia, as well as throughout parts of Europe, but did not fare quite as well throughout much of Europe or here in the United States. While they certainly found a niche here in the States between their debut and their sophomore record, “Hook Me Up,” they have always remained just shy of any major mainstream success here, which is a shame because their music is absolutely brilliant! They are one of my absolute favorite bands and both of their albums are among my top 10 favorite albums of all-time, “The Secret Life…” being my second favorite of all-time, (second only to the self-titled debut album from Scissor Sisters.) I am definitely biased in my opinion of the Veronicas. I have seen them in concert 5 times and actually met them 4 of those times. In fact, below you can see pics of me with them, (at a very different, very bearded period in my life,) as well as a little collection of autographed memorabilia I have framed on my bedroom wall from my various run-ins with them. Below that you can also check out the video for one of my very favorite singles of theirs, and their biggest hit worldwide, “Untouched.”
his right hand over
And we call that liberation? More like pissing on a Rembrandt.
Now Ain’t It Cool News claims to have been told by a possibly credible source that Nimoy will indeed be making a return appearance, and TrekMovie is claiming that their own unnamed sources have confirmed Nimoy’s involvement.
So anyway, here it is:
Unwanted by New ham, unwanted by Stoke. "We look forward to the Olympic flame – but not east London's exiles" - Tristram Hunt.
I have just a few suggestions before you leave your dish and fill your plate.
Our comfort with that path makes it harder for us to see that even though the ‘way we have always done things’ has led us to success in the past, it may not in the future.
“Eight of the city’s most active unionists were charged with conspiracy to commit murder even though only one even present at the meeting was on the speakers’ platform. All eight were found guilty and sentenced to death, despite a lack of evidence connecting them to the person who threw the bomb. Four were hanged on November 11, 1887, Louis Lingg committed suicide in prison, and the remaining three were finally pardoned in 1893. Lucy Parsons, the widow of Albert Parsons, traveled the world urging workers to celebrate May Day and to remember the events of Haymarket and the subsequent government-sponsored murder of those fighting for the rights of all workers.
“Ninety-five,” Kat called out from the doorway. “Already charged to your card.”
which is soror and which is
she is stretching out her legs,
Friday through Sunday.....
Again just to paint the scene. The case is taking place in Court 26 at the Royal Courts of Justice in London. Court 26 is in the New Rolls Building just around the corner from the main courts building which is grand gothic edifice we generally see on TV. It’s a modern building, with an atrium and lots of glass, and Court 26 is modern also, no wooden cladding on the walls, hard-wearing carpet on the floor. The judge is seated on a bench of sorts but everyone else is on the same level save for the witness stand. There’s no press gallery. There are three rows of desks facing the judge, the first occupied by senior counsel, the second by junior counsel and the third by solicitors and behind them are two rows of chairs where everyone else is seated. And at 10.30 this morning there was hardly a seat remaining, with nearly 100 people in the 30 x 50 foot room. The judge Mr Justice David Richards has a gown but no wig and sits a couple of feet above everyone else. To either side of him is a carousel, like a tie rack, in which the many, many, many files in this case are accessible to him. Down on the floor there is a hive of activity even as the case is heard with yellow Post-It notes being passed up from the back to the solicitors to the barristers to the lead barristers, like salmon swimming upstream. The barristers are bewigged and be-gowned, and the lead barristers, judge and witness have microphones.
The postgrad course on community engagement consists mostly of students undertaking a Masters of Educational Studies. This is only the second time it has been run and last time there were only two students (and one had to withdraw half way through it) so I’m looking forward to running it with a few more students. It covers similar ideas to the undergraduate course, but it is in more depth. With Jasmine and Alexa at school, I’m really passionate about community engagement by schools, so I’m looking forward to some of the discussion in both the undergrad and postgrad courses about the community engagement in a school setting.
The end result: I did some serious digging on this story, but I found no updates. There have been statements from Phil's lawyers saying that an investigation is warranted because there’s a “shakedown” present, but I've had no updates beyond an interview Phillip did saying that he wasn't gay. Sure you aren't.
However the girls were the last thing on my mind at that moment. For there were more serious concerns. I would soon be in an unknown city with not a penny in my pocket. I was wishing I had hidden some money inside my socks, in the secret pocket of my pant and inside my bag as I always used to. I of course still had my room bookings. But what would I do for food and my journey back to Cologne? I did not even have money to call up my friends. Only hope was to turn myself in at the local police station and hope they would safely deport me back to India. Only silver lining on the cloud would be that I could save on the return air fare if the Austrian police sent me back at their cost.
My prayer, of course, is that her husband finds a job swiftly. I pray that his skills and ability will be honored by a future employer. I pray that the Lord will be glorified through their situation. Mostly, I praise God for my friend and all of her circumstances. She is a fine example of a woman after God’s heart. She seeks His face and His hands and His feet to guide her along. I am grateful for her life. She is an amazing woman of God.
She, unlike her fellow passengers, did not remain silent. She took her seat next to the first passenger and looked at her with bemusement.
As a result of taking down Cecilia, however, Ichika gains yet another girl who takes an interest in him much to Houki’s annoyance since she’s clearly never stopped thinking about him. Then a new transfer student from China arrives, she is Rin Fan who also happens to be a childhood friend since their junior high days. Rin also happens to be in love with Ichika and that fact is obvious from the minute she greets him. However, Rin is rather upset that a totally oblivious Ichika didn’t get the meaning behind a promise he made her a long time ago. As a result, they battle it out using there is when an unidentified rogue IS appears and both Rin and Ichika must work together to stop it.
One thing to remember if you use planks like I have you will need to add some extra support to the bowl area if you cut out a hole to fit it into, other wise the planks will flap about all over the place, just add a strip of wood on the underside of the work top near to where the bowl is.
I started by stamping on a small piece of white cardstock. It's hard to see in the photo but I used Antique Linen Distress to stamp a background behind the tower. The leaves and flowers are coloured with distress inks and I went outside the lines with the sponging on purpose. Next I used a light grey copic and gave PARIS a shadow which also made them stand out more.
This Valentine Card feature's many of the hearts from the Inkadinkadoo Heart set.
I remember this one. I remember liking it - mostly because it mentions Ellery Queen.
and now I am free
“I can’t see why the judge cannot finish writing his grounds. It has been two years already. I have raised the issue in Parliament but just received a written reply, which is pointless,” Karpal had told reporters.
38If my land has made an outcry against me, or the ploughed earth has been in sorrow;
1 lb boneless skinless chicken thighs
After the photos were taken, other admirers now moved toward Liesl. Between the heads of those gathered about her, she made eye contact with Ben. Finally, she excused herself from some wanting to discuss the finer nuances of the scherzo, and quickly left the East Room.
While we were thrilled to be leaving the hospital, this was a terrifying time. We were taking home my dad who was now, my dad functioning with a brain injury. We were thrown to the wolves! There was no direction given by the professionals. We were forced to pray our way through this new way of life. My dad was facing extreme frustration and tried several times to leave without telling us. In his limited use of words, he expressed feeling like too much of a burden on my mom and I and thought we'd be better off without him. It was in this time of deep despair that I shared with him, once again, what the Holy Spirit had placed on my heart. The next day he indicated that he was willing to give it a try.
I’m sitting here just after lunch, listening to my neighbour sing at the top of his lungs through my window – it’s the kind of singing that you do when no one is around. I’m pretty sure he doesn’t know I can hear him & he’s actually pretty good. The air is cool & crisp, but the sun is warm & streaming through my window.
they are not roots only
So we’ll call it good.
That's you, Odelia! :D I'm a bit extra excited, b/c I know she's followed Acrylicana for 4-5 years (crazy).
“Team Peeta.” (Silent cheers, I know.)
There is no conclusive formula to implement when the search begins for a new international manager.
I’ve been eagerly following the building of the FoodCorps since its creation was announced two years ago. This brand-new American national service organization—modelled in part on the Peace Corps—was launched last month, and 50 enthusiastic and motivated young people (it was apparently harder to get a spot in the FoodCorps than at Harvard!) spanned out across 41 sites and 10 states to improve nutrition education for kids; develop school garden projects; and change what’s on school lunch trays. Service members work in already-established organizations, and the focus is on areas of the country with the highest rates of childhood obesity and the least access to healthy food.
A friend told me how much he loves them & I see so many other running friends who just cant speak enough about them. I figured I would try them.. especially because I hate running shoes on the treadmill - they just feel 'clunky' on them so that's going to be a starting point for me. I'm definitely sticking with my Saucony's for the race in 2 weeks.
The "wasteful virtues," I'm afraid,
Alaskan Brewing Co
Chocolate dipped pretzel rods
It was about Noon when we walked into Pat’s Pub. Actually I scurried in and made a beeline for the back, as my brother Richie sauntered over to the bar. If you have ever seen the movie ‘A Bronx Tale’, think about the scene when the motorcycle club meets up with the mobsters in their bar. That bar was very similar to what Pat’s looked like. It was a very small place, with a square bar in the front and a Jukebox, some tables and a shuffleboard in the back. I think it used to be a place called Jerry’s Hardware a few years before. Either way, it had the vibe of a social club in someone’s living room. As I nervously fumbled with my selections, my brother bellies up to the bar, confidently puts two five dollar bills on it, while lighting up a Parliament. Right now there are exactly two people in the bar besides us. One is the bartender, and the other is a grizzled older man who sits nursing a beer and probably a hangover from the
and a Super-in-tendent’s House,
07/03 – Chicago, IL @ The Bottom Lounge
“Catnip?” I asked.
And talking about trouble, the other day I was at the grocery store and I heard somebody in the next aisle talking about my kids. I didn’t want to get my pressure up more than it already was so I didn’t say anything. But let me tell you this before I go, and please go back to all them holier than thou testifying, testi-lying folks up in the church and tell them: They just aint my bad kids, they Deacon Elkanah’s bad kids and he aint done right by them or me.
Forget the day I walked away
Have a recommendation? Lemme know!
When I get into Disneyland I like to savor the moment...we are at Disneyland! You know, like that.
Then we have a lunar eclipse on June 4, 2012. A lunar eclipse is always feminine in nature. Following this eclipse will be Venus eclipsing the Sun. Venus will stand before the Sun with her light focused on Earth. She reflects the Goddess energy. She is bright and beautiful and full of light, especially because she will be reflecting the new energy from the Sun to Earth. The Photon Belt is also here and this magnetic energy is coming to Earth in waves and stirring up our emotions and our lives.
Or brown
"Me ma mo Akye ooh" Nana said,
*Always check player availability as close to tip off as possible.
Our first radio show is now available to download, and for continuity we are carrying on with the original show numbering. So Show 17 is yet another run out for Cover Versions! As this was the theme of our very first podcast, we though it appropriate to return to that for the inaugural radio show.
Description of HTC One X without mentioning its exciting camera would be incomplete. The 8Mp camera allows you to experiment with a variety of shades and light. Also, the clicks are noise free with f2.0 on this phone.
Both are slightly older vintages btw - the Sauvignon is a 2009 and the Pinot Noir a 2008 - but that shouldn't be a problem, particularly with the Pinot which should have benefitted from a couple of years' ageing. You could easily drink it with seared tuna or salmon as well as with grilled chicken and other barbecued food. The Sauvignon would obviously be great with seafood.
The Thunder came to OKC in 2008 and I say that city got a great gift. I honestly cannot imagine growing up, or living, in a city that did not have a professional sports team. (Side note-OKC did get a bit of a showing of what having a professional team would be like in 2005 when the New Orleans Hornets would relocate to play their games at the (formally named) Ford Center after Hurricane Katrina. The Hornets were the first NBA team to play games in Oklahoma City.)
Nick: “But I want tacos.”
Najib said the project signified a major leap into high technology defence acquisition, providing the impetus for the local industry to acquire cutting-edge technological knowledge and expertise.
Article 43: After the administrative punishment decision or reconsideration resolution is completely carried out, the copyright administrative management entity should file the case materials timely.
Overall
The suspect was later identified as Pastor Isuwa Kiforo (M) of no. 7, Abba Rimi road, Narayi, Kaduna, who is the Director, Finance and Administration, Ministry of Information, Kaduna state.
As sweet music flows from the lyre.
The rumors and evidence become stronger as time passed by. For example, in an interview last January 29, Dara was asked who is her ideal man. She shyly said that when it comes to her ideal man, there are always different men in mind, but this time it was G-Dragon. After giving her answer, she shyly smiled. When she explained why she chose G-Dragon, she simply answered it’s “G-Dragon”. She was touched by his move when they were in their company’s ski trips last year. Same explanation was said by G-Dragon on a different interview.
Wikipedia says of The Maytals -
If you’d like to list your child’s name in the comment section, I’d be honored to pray for them. No one will ever pray for your children like you. But no one will ever understand the prayer of a mother’s heart like another mother!
129. Many Indonesia netizens says he looks like Morgan Sm*sh.
Illamasqua Medium Pencil in Elate (as base)
About suffering they were never wrong,
Butler lifts lid on ‘deception’ (page 2)
So if you’re having trouble “seeing” the God who sees you, try looking for him:
He is currently China correspondent for The Post based in Beijing and Shanghai.
No appetite.
That last part was a little over-the-top. Truth be told; a long term goal has always been to learn French in France. Also, thanks to Nanna, I was eligible for an Ancestry Visa. Fast forward six months, and here we are at Melbourne airport saying goodbye to life in Australia.
After I'd emptied all my bags, I thought I would stay in town for some lunch, then go to the Library.
Originally I'd intended to use regular right angle weave for the ribbon, but as soon as I started filling the center, that fell by the wayside. Regular raw increases would be much cleaner and symmetrical, as opposed to the slightly wonky ribbon I ended up with. Since I stitched the ribbon on after, using entirely new thread, I can always cut it off and try again. But I think I'll let it stand as is for now. Creativity can be a little wonky.
I always compare the aromas of American hops to those of Kiwi Sauvignon Blanc - and here they are, head to head. I'm not sure the cocktail of Cascade, Amarillo, Chinook and Centennial is done full justice by being served on cask. American hops can become brutish thugs in cask beer. Sometimes their power and violence can be breathtaking, but more often it can just be a bit nasty. Carbonation elevates them, refines them, has them swapping studded leather jackets for Thomas Pink shirts and cravats.
Who knows what horrors are brewing for our grandchildren?
Laura Bartlett Gallery (here): Cyprien Gaillard (5), John Divola (3), Becky Beasley (1 set of 3). I liked the changing definition of space in this hybrid of sculpture and photography by Beasley. It was priced at £11500.
if the option is available.) So now I'm really wishing I had paid more attention. I probably could have just taken it back for a refund. But I decided to suck up my snobbishness and give it a try.
Aha! The part that you have all patiently been waiting for. The picture I took looks like dog poop, I know I describe things in such an edible way. But honestly I was/am tired, I just wanted to stick my face in it, and I tried! Haha, so here it is!
(The inner dial shows the maximum pressure reached, the glass front opens for resetting.)
Still with all of the snafus, setbacks and cussing, we had just enough time to sample and get our LA-31 into the kegs before the Gulf Brew.
The longer I live, the more convinced I become that surviving changes us.
“Was that the end of the list?” she asked, wiping her lips with her right hand.
~ strawberries and basil
*** SPOILERS AHEAD ***
I put all the non perishable items on this tray as soon as I get home from the store. You know the kind you only get out for parties or holidays? This one used to only see the light of day 2 times a year. You could even use a large baking sheet. Even if it has a Christmas tree on it, it will work.
It felt marvellous; free if you will.
“Oh, don’t excuse yourself to me, unless you wish to embitter my shame. I’m obliged to you for offering to share your destitution with me. I must try to run my face with the landlord,” said Colville.
"Wow... did THAT take a few minutes of directed thinking. I assume you mean the "things" on the floor next to the bed, and a shelf in the blue cabinet?
The real question is what does one do with the garden tub wall? I don't even have tile like the above picture..but I think it will need something. Any thoughts? What could I do for super cheap but get super fabulous results?
Special care needs to be taken with the lashes due to the arrangement of the individual hairs. I accidentally got a little bit of the eyelash fix on the section second from the outer portion of the lash band. When I tried to take it off, I stuck the fine hairs together -- which is why it appears as a thin, sharp hair.
Food and drug safety remain major issues within China’s borders despite repeated crackdowns. Economic motives frequently drive food and drug manufacturers to cut corners, filling newspapers with horror stories of consumers unwittingly ingesting industrial chemicals and calling into doubt the ability of regulators to safeguard public health.
This time of year can cause us all a great deal of stress … presents to buy, people to please, and it feels like there’s never enough money or time to go around. A few years ago I started keeping a “gift file” where I keep pages ripped from catalogs and notes on things I’ve seen throughout the year that might make a thoughtful gift for one of my loved ones. I also shop at antique stores for things that will make unique gifts for those people who appreciate things like that. Recently, I also began keeping a “handmade gifts” file where I write down ideas for things I can make that will cost very little but will still fit the bill for Christmas gifts. Here are a few of my favorites that can be done last minute…
Wispy clouds scattered about the sky. A line of demarcation separated the descending sun. It was as if a veil was dropping on one side of the sky while the other was lifting in light as the sun pushed its way down through the clouds. Balls of cotton floated in a blue pond at dusk…a sight to behold.
And now that we have that amazingness out of the way, I promised you guys a contest, didn't I?
Muslims don’t worship the building – but it’s a structure that every single Muslim faces during in their prayers – wherever they are on Earth. One of the wisdoms of this – as relates to the prayer – is the unity it portrays: no matter where a Muslim comes from, no matter what age or social status, everyone – together – is considered as a single nation; all facing one specific spot on the planet, all praying in one language (Arabic), and all worshipping One Creator.
2.pro liar
Please sign the Change.org petition to help encourage the Village Voice to discontinue its adult section that promotes prostitution of children and adults.
Lucky was 14 years old, which is a good, long life for a dog. She was a Jack Russell Terrier who could dig almost her entire body underground in her younger days. My mom and dad really loved her. So did I.
Perfect for my M1A or Garand because while not ideal because of the necessary scope placement, I still get the eye relief I need and want. Dunno how useful that 1200 meter dot is, but you never know. It's been a long time coming, and I've saved me pennies.
Do you feel like you have not done enough for the Lord? Like no matter what you do it is not enough? Do you feel empty and a need to be serving more? Are you tired of waiting to go and do, and just want to get out there and love and serve people for the Lord?
It’s seldom that I admit this, but I like Star Trek. I’m not talking about the professor X Star Trek or Quantum Leap guy Star Trek or Deep Space whatever but the original Kirk, Spock, and Bones, Opera singing in the opening theme song, Star Trek.
In States like Arizona and Kansas the Republican legislature moved to ban birth control outright;The Tea Party sponsored Govenor of Virginia tried to make the vaginal probe law and then later tried to unsuccessfully deny it; the Republicans openly try to deny aide to single moms, who are not receiving child support from dead beat dads, and then use the argument,”If they cannot afford to have children then they shouldn’t have them,” and the list goes so much further; how can any rational human being doubt that the Republicans are not the Party who favor women? Also after the Republican Party tries to deny women both birth control and the majority of Republicans vote against a fair wage with equal pay so that women have an ability to raise their family and rise up above poverty, do any of us even need to deny that women are under attack by the Republican Party?
The Violin Face has a structure that I think lends itself to serialization--the prose equivalent of what theater calls "French scenes." In classical French plays, Character A would be onstage and would be joined by Character B; then Character C would enter and Character A would leave, etc.. It was as if the focus of the play was handed from one character to another. Violin Face does this with a rotating POV, where each chapter is told from a different POV, and that POV belongs to someone who was portrayed in the previous chapter. Only one character has two chapters (the first and last chapters of the book.) This POV discontinuity makes it a natural for publication as a periodical.
or instead of getting the spots off my couch,
Thankfully, he was really cool about having Joanne and Julius in the car with us. Surprisingly, it wasn’t awkward in the car like I thought it would be. We were all talking together, and he was a really chill guy. It was nice.
Enjoy warm topped with few melon seeds or sliced nuts....
“It comes from them?” I mumbled.
Alan Gold is an author and was a delegate to the UN World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa.
With seasons changing tirelessly in a row,
We will also be hooking you up with a pair of meet and greet passes to meet Mat Kearney!
By Deborah Iwabuchi, Maebashi
He's 65. Yeah, my jaw dropped too. Seems like just yesterday he was playing basketball with Jesse Katsopolis! Which, of course, is my favorite Kareem Abdul Jabbar moment:
-2 cup packages of enchilada sauce and pasta sauce
Your sons are now lying in our bosom
This is a project I did last year but, I have had a few people ask how I did it. So... here it is:
03. 'Sputin
My Girl (K-drama)
Please share whatever you see with me, I’m interested to know what others do or, perhaps don’t, as some have said, “I can’t see anything,” or “it just looks like the flash was too bright, that’s all I see.”
Their whole world gets turned upside down on this Christmas eve when their father takes them on a trip to the British museum. Suddenly, it seems their father is about to rob the museum. He enlists his children to stalk the curator (who has been nice enough to give them a private viewing of the ancient Egyptian artifact, the Rosetta stone.) and lock him in his office with a bike chain–which they do. But upon returning back to where their father is causing mischief (which they were expressly told not to do of course.) they discover it’s far more than a robbery. This story is woven with the careful pen of a magician–because it’s simply coated in magic and Egyptian fun facts. They quickly discover that their Father is actually an ancient Egyptian Magician, just in time to witness him trapped in a coffin by a demon-headed God, escaped from the now blown to smithereens, Rosetta stone. (Along with his four sibling Gods.)
include indie rock guitar player Franklin Bruno (from the
Like seasons, they each bring new perspectives and new challenges.
Why did it happen? Because Dylan got stuck. Because he got sick and tired of how he was doing things and decided to stop. Lehrer says Dylan's imagination was then free to engage in a completely new way. This seems to be a key component of breakthroughs, creatively.
Our favorite question, right? The next time someone asks you, besides your usual answer of nuts, seeds, legumes and greens (did you know greens are 20% protein?!) you can tell them two new ones: chia seeds and spirulina.
Perhaps the debate the fashion world is embroiled in should focus more on the fact that today's model's by classic facial standards are far outside the norm. The new look each season seems to go beyond classic standards of beauty to redefine what is interesting and stunning. In the mid 2000s we saw a sweep of doe eyed angelic almost alien like girls in the Prada invasion (think Sasha Pivovarova). Is it not the job of parents to look at these images and decide what is truly acceptable for their daughters and then frame it in a way that helps girls love themselves? Looking at todays models parents should be encouraging that their daughters that the women are interesting and unique--a characteristic that all women possess.
As in cooking, living requires that you taste, taste, taste as you go along--you can't wait until the dish of life is done. In my career, I always looked ahead to the place I wanted to go, the next rung on the ladder. It reminds me of "The Station" by Robert Hastings, a parable read at our wedding. The message is that while on a journey, we are sure the answer lies at the destination. But in reality, there is no station, no "place to arrive once and for all. The joy of life is in the trip, and the station is a dream that constantly outdistances us."
The soaps are also wonderfully smelling and they do not leave any film or residue on my skin. They also offer a variety of specialty soaps, such as bug repellent soap!
For those of you who didn’t see the ending of “The Great Pension Fund Hoax”, we discovered that the Social Security trust funds had over $2.5 trillion dollars in the 2009 CAFR. In 2006, that figure was $1.8 trillion. That was an investment return of about $700 billion dollars in just 5 short years.
"I used tanning beds to get ready for homecoming and prom," she says. "In college, I tanned before a trip to Barbados because I didn't want to get sunburned." At age 21, Helland noticed an abnormal spot on her leg. It was melanoma, and the diagnosis changed Helland's life. "I really didn't know what my future was going to look like, or if I'd even have one."
This list goes on.. but one thing remains the same.. in EACH instance.. a FLASH into high frequency was seen 1-2 days BEFORE the storms hit the places directly with tornadoes. Each time the above occurred.. this was documented.. screenshots taken, and videos released. Search my past videos to see all the previous reports:
Whitefly - there’s a Cabbage White Fly with a partial circle of eggs and the waxy smudge she’s leaving on the leaf as she swivels round to lay them. And moths! Moths you can hardly make out because they are so well camouflaged. And moths with their caterpillars beneath them on the same page. It doesn’t go ‘here’s a moth of one thing’ and ‘here’s a caterpillar of another’ - if they go together, they are put together. You get a male Gypsy Moth, female Gypsy Moth and Caterpillar Gypsy moth placed as a group along with more than half a page of information - their history and their future! Admittedly it doesn’t have chrysalis Gypsy Moth - but you can’t have everything I suppose - just nearly.
So that’s my STORY! Oh the title? Well When you know that there will be NO food for a few days ya gotta make a LAST SUPPER right?
The blurry camera effect for ambience. The intense dance moves. The paper airplane at the 1:42 mark for reasons I can’t even understand. The blank stare from the 2:15 to the 2:30 mark. When he ducks out of the camera’s view at the 3:22 mark, stays out of the camera’s view for over 10 seconds, and then pops up and says, “What up, Here we is”. What more is there to life?
It must be that time of year because I know a lot of people who are in need of a get well card...everything from the stomach bug to broken bones. So I decided to use the cheerful Oops-a-Daisy set to create a simple set of Get Well cards. I started by matching up the ink colors to the Jillibean Homemade 6 Bean Soup patterned paper. I stamped the flowers in Colorbox Yellow Citrus, Maroon, Rouge, and Prima Turquoise Stone. Then I cut out the flower with the coordinating Oops-a-Daisy die. I cut ovals with the Spellbinders oval set and airbrushed inside the die line with Copics. I stamped the stem and leaves with Colorbox Lime Pastel ink and then popped the daisy up on foam tape. I wanted to keep it really simple so I just layered onto a scalloped oval and added a little ribbon to finish them off.
Online picture viewing one month after the wedding date
Hummmm . . . I think I may be on to something!
Pronunciation (think of Psyche!)
“The Rainbow Chamber of Commerce of Silicon Valley is pleased to help LGBT GSA club attend the upcoming Sharks Game on Monday, March 19. Part of our mission at the chamber is community involvement and education of not only the LGBT community, but the greater community at large. By participating with San Jose PRIDE on this important endeavor, we are educating our youth that one day they may be business owners/supports and that the Chamber is around as a resource for their personal and professional growth,” shares RCCSV President Robert O. Robledo.
A few days ago I brought home a large number of student essays on traumatizing past experiences. I finished marking almost all of them except for Student X's.
Anyhoo, there is plenty over there for you to have a look at so why not grab a cuppa and get a bargain while you're at it? All you need to do is click here and put PIPANY2 in the comments box on checkout to get the 20% discount.
On the Friday Corey will post a title or theme of which the contestants must base their poem on. Contestants must then post their poems or the link to their poems in the comment section below the post. On the following Friday Corey will choose his favourite three and then ask his WordPress followers to pick their favourite poem.
I saw so many people this weekend with the same goal in mind - finding a cure for breast cancer. I walked with a woman on my team who was diagnosed with breast cancer last October and has gone through chemo, radiation, surgery, etc ALL while training TO WALK THE 3 DAY! She walked all 60 miles and was smiling, laughing and SERVING several other women on my team along the way!
5. Aquavit. I can think of one or two cocktails made from gin’s Scandinavian cousin but I’d like to see more. Aquavit comes in two main types, in my experience: the clear variety is more caraway-driven and the other, aged variety balances the caraway with dill and other spices. I prefer the latter, and I think it’s probably easier to mix, too.
In the original recipe, it's all colorful because it calls for 4 different flavors of Jello. But, for Independence Day, I use 2 boxes of Berry Blue and 2 boxes of Strawberry. Here is my version of the recipe, but you can make it as colorful as you want by using whatever flavors float your boat (she uses lime, lemon, orange, and cherry and I highly recommend those flavors!)
Round of daily blood tests.
While I could have taken my overnight trip on the weekend, I decided to take it midweek due to our schedules. This way we wouldn't need a baby sitter. All Rob had to do was put the kids down for bed and walk them to school the next day. Then, I could pick them up from school after I checked out from the hotel. Simple and easy. Taking it midweek also had its advantages. I felt like I got an extra Saturday this week (really trying to take advantage of leap year!)
As Ephesians 1:3 says, “How blessed is God! And what a blessing he is! He's the Father of our Master, Jesus Christ, and takes us to the high places of blessing in him. Long before he laid down earth's foundations, he had us in mind, had settled on us as the focus of his love, to be made whole and holy by his love. Long, long ago he decided to adopt us into his family through Jesus Christ. (What pleasure he took in planning this!) He wanted us to enter into the celebration of his lavish gift-giving by the hand of his beloved Son” (The Message).
So the other day I was cruising through Facebook per usual and just trying to entertain myself so that I did not die from boredom. I noticed one of my friends (a fellow Asian actually) posted a song via Youtube so I decided to give it a listen. What I ended up listening to was not at all what I expected, but it was something I liked.
I learned many things this weekend, but foremost among them are:
“It’s a pretty high level,” Meade said. “There’s no easy games.
My face ached from my wide eyes. My jaw drooped so low I could feel the muscles stretch in my temples. Other than that, I didn’t feel much of anything.
After a crazy, emotional, awesome, difficult and God filled week...this is what I can share for now...I promise to get back on and give you all the low down as soon as we settle in...for now...enjoy Jacob's Homecoming! God has been SO faithful. Thank you Ginger for meeting us at the airport at that insane hour...and capturing such an amazing family moment.
This system provides a good spread of scores making ties unlikely, but the arithmetic confuses some players (the idea that scores must add up to 48 helps eas this a little). It does heavily penalise losing, making cautiously not losing (even if by playing for a draw) more attractive than a win big or lose big strategy. This can have a tendency to encourage overly defensive play or agreed draws.
In my case I found these videos in a fan blog about SuJu. And well this guy just blows my mind.
Obviously, I can’t speak on the actual definition from Flux, but for the purposes of the blog post: Just what does this mean?
Then of course there is the whole understanding of people. To a certain extent from watching those cute girlies you can actually learn from certain aspects the way people think. After all, these characters are based of one aspect of a person, mashed them together and you get the idea. But please never assume that they are one and the same, 2D and 3D will never ever mix, despite how much we want them to.
Author 2: I have a blog and many followers. But I turn off the comment section. My blog is a dictatorship, not a democracy.
“Me too,” the second agreed. “I’ve had enough of the Governor.”
I'm actually very optimistic about the future: technology is advancing rapidly; we have plenty of fossil fuels to keep us going while we develop new energy sources like thorium nuclear reactors; there are a lot of new agricultural developments which will help feed the burgeoning population; human beings are far more inventive and adaptable than the doom mongers ever give us credit for. Of course the cities in Mortal Engines are societies which can't adapt and face all sorts of looming energy and environmental problems as a consequence, but it was never meant to be some pious eco-parable. There are way too many of those about already!
I have no memory of my mother ever saying those words. No memories of a soft caress on my cheek and a whispered "I love you" or a blanket tucked under my chin and a kiss on my forehead and a "good night, sleep tight, I love you" I don't even have a memory of a hug. But there is was. "I love you" and it was bright, like lightening, it shot straight through me, but then it was floating in the air, just hanging so softly, sweetly and it fell down around my children and rocked me to my core.
When I tried to buy a second position it didn’t let me, which seemed odd. Then I saw my margin, and realized that the difference between equity and margin must have been less than avialable margin requirements allowed. Only later did I start doing the math to realzie that the margin was really, really high. I think what happened is that Gold can now be purchased, but only at full price. So now, for every ounce of gold I buy, it’s tying up $1600-$1700 in margin.
The Joker
No trailer I’m afraid.
6. To serve: Frost the cupcakes with the ricotta frosting, top with fresh raspberries and drizzle the balsamic reduction over top. Serve immediately.
Waking up in a coffin hungry for blood is only the beginning for sixteen-year-old Ava Blue. When Chance Caldon, the hottie who dug her up, tells her that she’s half vampire, Ava’s world really turns upside down.
Mike Gordon is the Head Athletic Trainer at St. Xavier High School and has worked with both the Cincinnati Bengals and Cincinnati Reds. He worked with Luke Kuechly during Kuechly’s four years at St. X and even after graduating from high school. With the first round of the NFL Draft only one week away, Mike Gordon shared his insights with me about the St. X grad and first round prospect Luke Kuechly.
Thank you so much for taking on our May's Sketch challenge, the entries were amazingly beautiful and creative.
I read very little last year. I don't know why. Perhaps the addition of a screaming insomniac baby didn't help or maybe I wasted too much time blogging, but this year I will devote more time to reading and less to drinking wine and surfing the internet. I will never achieve Dovegreyreader's ability to read nine Dickens novels in one day whilst quilting and healing the sick at the same time, neither will I manage Scott Pack's 137 books in one year. I am a slow reader. But if I can manage a book every week or so, it will be an improvement on the pitiful handful that I read in 2006.
Only a collective and conscious movement of students around GSCASH can effectively strengthen it. A movement that collectively ensures that woman students feel confident enough to report cases of sexual harassment and are not forced to retreat owing to mounting social pressures. A conscious movement that rejects and resists the culture of slander, flaunting of male machismo, asking for sexual favours or harassing women in any form. Where women are not forced to constantly adjust their behaviour according to the male choices or diktats. Bodies and minds are not forced and tortured to adhere to beauty, chastity, housewife roles and rules – the prevalent feudal and consumerist morality. We must recognize that atrocious incidents like the MMS scandal has happened in our self-proclaimed progressive campus along with numerous other incidents of violence and harassment. The right-wing forces whose politics flow solely from fascism and feudalism play a major role in maintaining the oppressive assaults of patriarchy and its crude manifestations in the campus too. The blatant shielding of sexual harassers by various so-called ‘left’ organizations like SFI and AISA only strengthen the same reactionary, regressive anti-woman status-quo.
When we made our way into the Cour Napoleon, known for its steel and glass pyramid, a few more people were tempting the post-storm night, most of them setting up cameras to capture the emptiness. We strolled among them, marveling how just hours ago this space had belonged to thousands who crowded through it and now it belonged to so few.
How can you tell if you're wristband worthy? Take the following oath:
For the Mini Tartlets, line the min muffin tin with baking cups, and press the cookie crumbs in the bottom of the muffin tin, and press down with spoon. Spoon filling, over prepared cups, and top with cookie crumbs.
we generally include more than just those colours.
That was when I last heard from him.We didn’t argue, we didn’t have a disagreement – it was just the last time I heard from him. His flight was due in two nights ago and I texted him welcoming him here. No response.
Turning on the tv,
So, it is now the case that bouncing the ball in frustration is a more heinous case of dissent then stating that the referee has the same properties as female genetalia at time of intercourse.
It was a pretty nice day actually. Just the gang hanging together, making stupid jokes and trying not to fall off the side of the mountain. We had promises of showers when we arrived at camp, and so I was pretty excited…
It has taken me years to convince my family and friends that I actually get more exited about a luxurious bottle of olive oil than a cashmere sweater. Clothes, shoes, jewelry? Um, can I eat those? No. All I really care about at Christmas are the edibles, and I unapologetically accept all the ridiculously expensive items that I would never buy myself. Oh…you want to give me a kilo of raw wildflower honey? Thanks. Heirloom chia seeds? Organic truffles? My Christmas stocking is now usually full of the most exclusive, decadent food products that keep me motivated to experiment and stay healthy in the kitchen, all year round.
By that, I mean the part where, in my opinion, everything goes wrong… The part where the bouncy hunters come, and do what they did, I didn’t really understand, I thought that it is a bit rushed, and I didn’t really understand what had actually happened until pages after… Also with the “Three days later” part, I just felt that it was a bit disappointing, and too much of an anticlimax, as everything was building up, but then it just flops…
(6) Kid's Cuisine TV dinners
And last but not least Becca has also decided to leave,Becca has been busy with work and other commitments making it impossible to return.Thankyou Becca for being a part of this DT and we wish you all the best for the future.
I got a kick out of the label on one of the bottles of wine:
1. They’re so big that when you sit next to them in the bus, half your ass-cheeks would be hanging off the seat.
I am happy to say that Jackson is cancer free today, and in the maintenance phase of his treatment plan at CHOP. It was a rocky 7 months but Jackson has turned out to be THE strongest person I have ever known. His little smile and love of life has taught me to stop whining about stupid, little things that really don't matter and to focus on, and appreciate the life and talents that God has given me.
On sale dates for the remainder of the first round of concerts scheduled at The Hollywood Palladium are listed below.
On a fence.
In the past thirty years or so you can probably list quite a few records that are “instant classics” in various genres (again, won’t even try to start naming them). But over time I am starting to get the feeling that the wrong album is being championed to the forefront of “alternative” rock classics: Nirvana’s Nevermind. Now before I go on let me please state that I am a fan of the band and the album and in no way, shape, or form am I trying to devalue the record’s greatness. Like many other classic albums, it’s pretty much agreed upon that Nevermind was a game changer. The issue is, I think people are forgetting that perhaps an even greater and more influential album was released a few years earlier than Nevermind. An album that in hindsight seems almost more groundbreaking than it did when it was first released. An album that, unlike the claim by many that Nevermind was the “death of hair metal” actually was the beginning of the end of it. The album I am referring to is Jane’s Addiction’s Nothing’s Shocking.
You love me, You love me
Quiscover Fontaine made the perfect start to his career when landing the valuable Goffs Land Rover Bumper at the 2008 Punchestown Festival. Sent novice hurdling the following season, he won three times over two miles. After winning his first two starts over fences in early 2010, he contested the Grade One Arkle Trophy Chase at the Cheltenham Festival and ran a fair race to finish sixth behind Sizing Europe, plugging on in the closing stages. He failed to build on that promising effort on his next three outings but appeared to appreciate a step up in trip when fourth to fellow John Smith’s Grand National contender Organisedconfusion in the 2011 Irish Grand National. On his three most recent outings, he has run over hurdles, winning at Leopardstown over Christmas and finishing down the field when last seen out in the valuable boylepsports.com Hurdle at Leopardstown on January 28.
Also Avraham Avinu, A”S, pleaded for mercy, when G-D told him that He would destroy S’dom and Gomorrah, requesting mercy for the account of few Tzaddiqim, next to many wicked people. This was accepted by G-D, but since the city (cities) was so full of wickedness, it had to be destroyed, only saving Lot and his closest family.
i’m starting to have second thoughts about putting myself in compromising positions (that lady really gets in there) and unthinkable amounts of pain every four weeks. and what for? the off-chance that i’ll meet him and we’ll fall into bed immediately? pretty much, yeah.
Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome with Atrial Septal Defect
Body Wash or Soap?
Plant breeders and nursery people know much about edible plants, but that information seldom reaches the home gardener. Did you know that cilantro is a short day plant that needs cool weather? Or, did you know those large beefsteak tomato varieties have many ovaries and most need warm humid nights to pollinate properly? How do you know which vegetables to grow in the winter, and which to grow in the summer? There’s a rule of thumb: If you eat the leaf, tuber, or flower bud, the vegetable prefers cool conditions. If you eat the fruit (ie. tomatoes and squash are botanical fruits) or the seeds, it needs warm conditions to produce well. Come and hear more! Rosalind is a garden and food writer, landscape designer, and a pioneer in the field of integrating edibles into the landscape. Her most recent book is Edible Landscaping: The New American Garden. Learn from the best! www.rosalindcreasy.com
It was never my intention to get attached to a home, trying to keep everything "just business." But to get dealt a blow from out of nowhere has left us wobbly; Questioning whether or not to keep looking. Wondering if the process is worth it.
VIDEO QUALITY: A
How does any of the above fit within the scope of this blog being about computing, technology, world affairs, the struggle of the middle class in America, famous authors, computer programming and well designed things? I don't think it does. However, I'm justifying posting this information in the hope that one of the shows listed above will cause someone else to exclaim "WHY DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS BEFORE!?!"
We headed off immediately.
No. of pages UK Pricing
Certain things should not be discussed publicly but some of the young men and ladies today have a lot to learn.
Red chili powder 1 tsp
1 fertilization
Acccck! Ok, needless to say, I LOVE this card!! OMG, I just keep staring at it. *sigh* I made this card for my Aunt and Uncle's wedding anniversary. They LOVED it! Yay!!
I'll post the poster when it's done. I HAVE to stay home tonight. And sleep.
I spent the entire morning watching old videos when he was a comic comedian. It was awesome, and yes, I lost 2 or 3 hours of work because of that. But, I assume, I did a lot of work this week-end, so, finally, it's like I did not lose so much time !
Car: (shocked at the admission by the walrus) Dude, are you crazy?? You’re going to move over because you have a crush on the polar bear???!
GAH, and I almost forgot to announce this-- my book Farm Girl has been on a 5-day free promo and today is the last day! If you want one for your Kindle, go here.
⁃ First worn: For the photos
A lifestyle and home magazine that "brings you beautiful homes from across the globe, tips and design advice from interior experts, as well as easy online access to the latest home treasures"
More broadly, it really helps people gain a sense of place and the social and cultural life of their town. The internet well serves communities of interest we believe are pioneering more difficult serving of a geographical community.
In effect there are increasingly two economies, a wealthy “top” economy doing very well, and a “bottom” economy for roughly the bottom 99% facing income stagnation, with dwindling wealth and resources.
Other Arab media have also shown the same reaction. They published articles and editorials with bombastic and insolent language, attacking Iranian people and officials in an impudent way.
In the process of Fr. John walking through the process of remembrance, you could feel the presence of the Lord moving in powerfully. Maybe it was the awkwardness of doing something so structured, the idea that many in this church were also dealing with it but also that slight refreshing reverence found so absent from non-mainline churches today.
Problems with and Criticisms of FAR based controls internationally
In the final analysis, it is between you and God. It was never between you and them anyway.
If using a bread machine, use the (pizza) dough setting. Add the water, salt, sugar, oil, flour and yeast in the machine specific order to the bucket and start the program. If you don't have a bread machine, place flour in a large bowl. Push it to the sides from the center, forming a pit. Add water, salt, sugar, oil and yeast, and mix, slowly incorporating all the flower. Knead 15-20 minutes until dough is smooth. Cover bowl and let rest until dough volume is about doubled. Spray oil onto two 12.5 inch pizza dishes. Sprinkle corn flour onto pizza dishes (this makes the pizza crustier). Divide dough into 2 parts. On a lightly floured surface, roll each dough into 12.5 inch round. Press into pizza pans. Put oven racks on 2nd and 4th position from bottom. Preheat oven to 450°F. Divide tomato sauce and spread onto both pizzas. Season with herbs and pepper, using rosemary for half a pizza. To the half with rosemary, add olives and feta cheese. Spread ham, capers and olives on another pizza half. Use 3 slices of salami for each of the remaining halves. Slice mozzarella and use for salami and ham pizza. Bake pizzas staggered for about 12 minutes (one in far right, one in near left corner of rack), using both racks (pizza pans should overlap as little as possible for best air circulation). Switch positions after half the time. Cut into slices and serve.
Balinese Hinduism is a coalescing of Gods and demigods, worshipped together with Buddhist heroes, the spirits of ancestors, indigenous agricultural deities and sacred places. And all of this somehow translates into magnificent art, as they weave their stories and shape their sculptures with their infinite influences.
So we don't. And they molder on library shelves, relics to forget about.
The Octopus - Norvell Page (1939)
It is finally done, minus a headboard, a new comforter, and a few posters. And, it is beautiful. Besides the bitchen new Container Store hardware-installed closets with the sliding mirror doors, there's a desk, her dresser has an "ambient orb" on top of it, which is as cool as it sounds, a new CD player, a new clock radio that shows the time in a variation of colors, accordion toy baskets that hang from the ceiling, and her insanely comfortable bed with the top-of-the-line Serta mattress. In short, as the man put it, it's the perfect kid's room.
But I am a mother. And this is my calling.
It’s a little bit like that, living away from your family. You visit, there’s a babbling baby. You return, the baby has morphed into an articulate boy with a penchant for singing the theme songs from Marvel superhero cartoons.
As promised by the size of Eric’s throbbing member…this issue of The Gracious Plenty definitely lives up to it’s reputation! It’s big, full of fun; creates many pleasant memories and passionate emotions within you!
picnics
The big meet of the weekend was the European Indoor Champs, and the star of the Paris show was home boy Teddy Tamgho (FRA) who improved his own WR by twice leaping 58’ 9.5” to demolish the competition. This was the second time this year that Tamgho raised the WR having done so in Aubiere (58’ 9.25”) last month. His gold medal victory was the highlight of an indoor season that saw him leap over 58’ 9.25” THREE times. More importantly he showed tremendous consistency AND the ability to compete well and jump long under pressure – something that seemed to be missing among his long leaps of last year. Based on current form he could well jump over 59 feet outdoors AND win gold in Daegu – and dare I say we could see him approach the magical 60 foot barrier.
To the nose of a dog yet swift,
enervation.
Her authentic spiritual state is between her and God, but I’m not seeing biblical fruit here.
múm is basically strange and skewed childhood wonder in a bottle. In fact, the opening of their first proper full-length (Yesterday Was Dramatic - Today Is OK) seems to declare their philosophy outright: it's called "I'm 9 Today", and it forefronts tinkling bells, jittery playground laughter, toy pianos, and a whole host of other sounds designed to evoke, you know, nine-hood. It turned into their hallmark sound: strange, convoluted and glitchy electronic tracks, which play like cutscenes through the eyes of a child who knows no other state but the state of innocence.
a full moon shining through bare branches
The moon would make a kick-ass dump. Millions of square miles of airless, dusty, barren rock upon which to dump all the nastiest, foulest, most dangerous chemicals and junk the human race can produce. Hell, if you organize it right, you could just shoot the trash to the moon in rockets made of more trash. So long as you can reliably hit, oh, say a 10,000 square mile patch of the moon (which shouldn’t be that hard), you don’t even need people there to supervise. Fire and forget, and that trash is never going to bother the Earth again.
The Eurozone is an a perpetual immediate crisis – the can has been kicked down the road, but not far. The United States, on the other hand, is in much better shape over the next decade but not by much. The American problems loom in the decades that follow 2021 – the good news is that there is still plenty of time to sort these out; the bad news is that almost no one is seriously talking about the real issues.
Fortune Seekers are flooding the megacity Bombay daily from the various provinces. Many of them are living and working at countless large construction sites in the city.
It’s always the same to me, strangers become friends
In memory of my Mom who would have been 75 today.
So yes, I did this. And yes, it appears to have worked. However, I did barf (twice) at the ENT's office and must sleep on my back and elevated for the next two nights, and not bend down to pick anything up or lie on my side or do any sudden up/down or side/side head motions until Friday. Piece of cake.
Party Dolls and Wine by Eddie Spaghetti
Stamp House Mouse - Mice Landing, Sentiment House Mouse
Just looking at her.
later, he became very sick and the doctors diagnosed the problem to be cancer.
3 very ripe mashed bananas
The biggest message here is to look to your own community and become involved in supporting issues that have a direct relationship to your daily life. You really can’t fix anything out there in the world without looking to self and your immediate environment first. That is where your bids for power and commitments to those bids will have the greatest impact.
EVERY SINGLE CASE CITED was lost, and more, by UKIP - at the expense of the benefits of the members and the credibility of the party!
I will make inseparable cities, with their arms about each other’s
But this little number? Brace yourself, because I’m not sure there is even a word to describe it. Delicious just doesn’t cut it…
Lord, I have much to learn and even more to discover about Your plans for my life.
At the very end of our Morning Meeting routine, I will have the students grab their bookmarks and tell me how many stars they earned, from 0-3. Any student who has 2 or 3 stars gets a short cheer from us :)
Scottish Porridge and Fresh Berries.
“Buying the extending tabs was helpful to help the diaper fit longer.”
Add the cheese to the meat mixture and stir to combine. Use a cookie scoop to get enough meat to form a small meatball. Bigger is NOT better here. If you get the meatballs too big, the interior will not get hot before the croquette browns. Roll the meatballs between your palms as you would went making meatballs to ensure the meatballs are round and the outside is smooth. Place the meatballs on wax paper.
Thanks to Sprout Eco-friendly timepieces I have one watch to giveaway to one of you!!!!
With advertised gigs coming up, I wanted to get rid of it pronto. However, getting the page removed appeared almost impossible. Facebook supply no means of direct contact, address or telephone number. The only option was to click ‘Report’, which led to a series of tick boxes, none of which were appropriate. I ticked the ‘Not a public place’ option as the closest, but a disclaimer made clear that, while FB would consider the report, they was no guarantee that the page would be taken down. I guessed it would take many reports to trigger a response.
After that, things got really bad. But I won't go into it because I'm not one of those people who goes on and on about their illness in graphic and disturbing detail.
But I was curious: exactly how strong was she? I found out, though. Strong enough to bend steel. Good to know.
Blu-ray on the PlayStation 4 is a dead cert. While digital distribution is undoubtedly the way forward, not every PlayStation owner has access to a fast broadband connection.
Ishak M.
This ain’t Pyrrus. The gravity isn’t twice Earth normal. All the flora and fauna isn’t dedicated to the notion that it should kill me as quickly as possible, and I don’t have to be in peak physical condition at all times to just have a *chance* to survive each day.
Discreet these Spring mushrooms, but I see them, they can't hide forever.
Next time you find yourself at the Contemporary Resort in Walt Disney World be sure to check out this amazing restaurant!
Inform emergency responders and 911 operators that your heat plan has been activated and that they should expect an increase in the number of calls from citizens about heat related issues. Take this opportunity to remind first responders to take care of themselves so that they can effectively take care of others too.
Means: "Are you still talking?"
This is what I have to do: Go to the 77th page of my WIP, (err, I'll go 7th, seeing as the 77th does not yet exist!) 7th line, and copy the next 7 lines, no cheating! (I kind of already have but you wouldn't want to read 7 lines of nothing now would you?)
PERSONAL GOALS
It is a shame, It really is. I thought that it was a necessary thing to showcase our local IT industry.
I am writing to you for a bit of support – and apologies in advance for being an art whore.
The first beer we tried was the blackberry, which was surprisingly astringent and dry. Turns out it was a bad year for blackberries, and they had substantially less sugar than usual. I would describe the beer as aggressively sour, with very little sweetness. I suspect it will age nicely and the acidity will become more sherry-like, but for now, only the hearty sour-lovers need apply (I, of course, enjoyed it a great deal).
Those I’ve had before, including Gageleer and Dupont Cervesia, are recreations of the pre-hop era of brewing in Europe’s Middle Ages. If nothing else, those beers show you why hops supplanted bog myrtle and other herbs in brewing.
One of my favorite verses is Romans 8:28, “And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose.”
No government official has been challenged to justify that timetable, though presumably the issue would be aired in a hearing.
She adjusted her top again, strode up to the door, and tugged it open, only to walk head on into a tall drink of bouncer. She tipped her head back and gasped. Wow, evil sure looked good these days. No wonder they did so well in there.
do so. That nasty culprit ‘fear’ hinged me. Because I believe, writing is a form of extroversion, allowing the reader insights into the writers mind. I was, and had always been, introverted, afraid to open my soul to the world. But once I finally cracked my introverted shell and crawled out…oh how good it felt
And they are changing the world just by being who they are. In that sense, our job as parents is quite easy.
A notebook is another good thing to wear. It is possible to write and take notes about things you have seen.
-Excuses Fat People Make – “I may be big, but I’m actually only 7% body fat!” Oh yeah? Well, you’re also 58% chocolate cake, so shut your sausage pit.
Needless to say, this pseudo-Islam which is being promoted by this Saudi sheikh, which dreads telling oppressors "you are oppressor" for fear of fitna is what makes adulterers and sodomites rule with an iron fist the land of Islam in Mecca and Madina and surrender Muslim sovereignty to the United States on a silver platter. They simply have a sheepish people that is told it is haram to criticize the decadent and oppressive rulers, let alone demonstrate against them. It is very much like the people of the Pharaoh who as the Quran said led his people to hellfire because they refused to rise up against him.
why and where, how
62Some emanation of th' all-beauteous Mind.
With this in mind, I’m going to do something a little bit different with you today. I’m going to give you a little break from thinking you’re a horrible mess, by allowing you to see what a horrible mess really looks like. You have all been working so hard up to this point; bearing your souls, naked before God and confessing your sins so that we might pray for one another and be healed of our sickness: the desire to rule over our husbands.
THE HANDLES:
This has cut the carpark greatly where before one could park looking at the sea, now away from the sea.
Hello, friends. I am so sorry for my cyber absence lately. We had our year end recital at the dance studio where I teach on Friday, and you can't imagine the amount of work and time that went into making this weekend a success. I am so pleased to say that it really was such a success. I am so proud of all of my students, and how much they have grown as dancers and individuals this year. I felt like a proud momma bear when I watched them each take the stage on Friday. I feel so blessed to have found the best kept secret of the county where I live.
But perhaps he already is well aware of the dirt within, and has come to regard the BBC as nothing more than just another content producer.
As I said at the time, Northern Rock was only the first, and one of the smallest Banks to go under. If Capital was going to intervene to bail it out, then when it came to some of the other bigger banks – which a year later it did – then it was obvious that Capital would intervene to save them rather than allow a systemic crisis. When the US actually did fail to act over Lehman Brothers, the consequences were quickly apparent, and the size of its intervention of making that mistake was probably bigger than it would otherwise have had to have been. This is the background to the situation at Allied Irish, this is why the Irish Government is saying that it HAS to bail-out the Bank, and why it is being backed up in that statement by Imperialism, including offers of support from the EU and IMF if needed.
Classical natural law was the first systematic attempt to explore these relationships. It was based on the idea that there is a human nature and a human essence which defines how human beings must live in order to have a good life. Aristotle’s formulation of the first principle of natural law was that one should do good and avoid evil. However, if we survey the history of natural law, we can’t help but notice some of the dogmatic and inhumane positions that have been taken in its name. We can look back to Aristotle and read of natural law used in defense of slavery. We can survey contemporary natural law thinkers and read of opposition to abortion, opposition to gay rights, and support for economic disparity. When we view this checkered history, we might reasonably assume that the idea of natural law is simply one more archaic holdover from a bygone past when humankind had little understanding of the world and relied on inflexible and absolutist proscriptions to govern social life. We might reject the very idea of natural law and embrace the relativistic ethics of postmodern academia. But I suggest to you, that tossing out the idea of natural law along with its substantial historical baggage is a case of tossing out the baby with the bathwater, because, perhaps more than ever, a reclaimed version of natural law could provide the very anchor that liberalism seems to be so badly in need of.
Overall it was the perfect finish because I was able to get it together quickly and efficiently. I sort of wish I'd used this same technique for the 365 quilt, but it's a bit late now.
MEO-Net is formed in 2009 to coordinate civil society groups who are involved in voter registration, voter education and election observation. There are 6 network members: MALVU, SEW, MEW, SAFREL, KOMAS & NIEI.
Ginger Honeycomb, Ice Grey 1 & 3, Soft Peach
What are you saying, Heroman?
"Collateral Damage". Such a sad, unkind, non-feeling term that trivializes the lives of one, tens, hundreds, or thousands of people. Donald Rumsfeld felt comfortable coining the civilian lives lost during this Iraqi conflict in the name of spreading "freedom" and "democracy" collateral damage. Research has revealed that during all conflicts between WWII and today, 90% of the casualties have been civilians, in addition to the countless injured that will never be recorded, and lost to the inattentiveness of history. If these civilians are collateral damage, then what is the real goal of this conflict? The phony assertion regarding WMD's that it turns out were nowhere to be found - and were never there - could no longer hold water. So George W Bush decided to reinvent his focus as being on the outing of the despotic regime of Saddam Hussein, and all of the death, poverty, and inhumanity he was raining on his people. While it's true that Saddam Hussein's ruling style was a far cry from the Noblesse Oblige of France in the 19th century, it turns out the war from democracy in Iraq is against the people instead of on their behalf. It's a sad state of affairs when a population that supposedly "welcomed us as liberators", and was to be a bastion of democracy in the "evil" Muslim Middle East, must pay for the sins of their ousted leader with the lives of 650,000. On a side note, it is interesting to recognize the correlations between present-day United States and Germany under the Third Reich. Both regimes use fear as their motivational tool to create nationalism and revolutionary apathy. Also borne of this fear is the retraction of individual rights and freedoms in the name of necessity and national security. Another characterization of Nazi Germany that the United States espouses is the idea that we are "right" and that those against us are "wrong"; and we will triumph in the end because of this fact. Much of the world - especially the Islamic world - views the present-day United States in much the same way as the world views Nazi Germany; imperialistic, nationalistic, close-minded, and hungry to expand their empire in an attempt at global domination. Although the means are quite different - the United States using clandestine methods while Germany used genocide and open conquest - the ends are eerily similar.
Why am I so down folding laundry?
My budget for this room is limited, so I'm using mostly what we have. I've thrown together a few mood boards that don't quite bring my vision to life.
17. La Tempête
Next, we need to go into F—PBX and create a CUSTOM trunk. So go to Trunks, Add Trunk, Add Custom Trunk and you only need to enter four settings:
mini banana muffins
With some time ago, it used to rain with cats and dogs, or something like that, while now, in the ultra-wide projection range for more flexible in assigning signal space, and is not hindered by dedicated time slots. Many businesses are switching entirely over to VoIP communications because of an outdated or unsuitable communication system.
sprinkling each of cloves, black pepper
Penal institution records show that recidivism rates for those who receive no education while incarcerated are almost 75 percent. Compare that to the 16 to 25 percent rate for offenders who receive literacy and vocational assistance.
Abenaki have been permanently settled at Odanak since ca 1700. Odanak is a quiet village that invites relaxation and discovery. Before they settled there the Abenaki knew this as a place of wealth where migratory birds such as Geese and Snow geese make a stop-over during migration. Perch and Walleye (Sandres) abound and climb Alsigontegok "tall grass to the river" to spawn. The soil is rich and fertile. A recent study has shown that the highest concentration of medicinal herbs in the north-east region is located at Lac St-Pierre about 16 km from Odanak.
NAMA of course controls the biggest commercial property portfolio in the country, worth €10bn according to the SCS. And a 20% further decline in values would see NAMA in line for a €2bn loss. The impact on our beleaguered banking sector could be even worse. Given the residual non-NAMA loans in the NAMA Participating Institutions (PIs, AIB, Anglo, Bank of Ireland, EBS, INBS) includes €70bn of commercial property lending (remember NAMA is primarily about land and development with commercial property sucked in under the heading of associated lending – pure commercial property exposures are left untouched by NAMA). So a further decline engineered by a new government might see losses at the banks balloon even further.
Akshay asked, Hello Sir, If the Interviewer ask a specific question like, what are the development needs which your superiors advised.? How to handle this…Obiviously there are negative things which we dont want to highlight…In this case how to handle the scenario? Please Advice
Let’s not forget to add some zinc to assist in the formation of human DNA, the cell’s genetic material. We’ll make it be essential for cell division and growth, and we’ll make it play a role on over 300 enzymes in the body, supporting a healthy immune system. While we’re at it, we’ll make it also support healthy testosterone levels in men.
I’m enjoying the development of Vin and Kelsier. I particularly enjoyed watching Vin’s first performance as a noblewoman which brings me nicely onto the two characters that really intrigue me. Sayed and Lord Elend Venture. I think that learning more about Sayed’s history will be very revealing to how this world became as it is. And, I have a feeling that Lord Venture is set to maybe play a bigger part.
With a smile they waved us into a field full of cars.
Here are some things catching my eye tonight...
A concerned mother is driven to the brink when her daughter keeps destroying all her playthings, and then she hears a bizarre scratching sound in their attic. An enjoyable slice of ‘creepy child’ horror.
I see no reason to worry now.
After Fred's tie got ruined by Barney while trying to escape the Green Goose's tower, the tie reappears moments later after Fred and Barney got out from the door of the tower.
Leah Georgana Reynolds, 45, of Sarasota, pulled the victim’s hair and hit her in the face when she heard the victim had no money, the report states.
In theory, they are creative and brilliant.
1934 Science fiction writer H.G.Wells predicted there would be a world war before 1940.
I was snapped back with "If you don't do this here, they'll do it at the hospital"
To show the scale of the Guggenheim I took a picture of it next to a wooden dog artist's model.
I love these evenings!!
A few minutes and $3.02 later, I had the bag in my hands and rushed home to eat it. I opened the bag and pulled out the box. The words “Tangy Temptation” seemed to mock me from the cover. I had a feeling this was going to be neither. Inside, the sandwich actually doesn’t look horrible. But as soon as I opened the box, I didn’t smell barbecue sauce, instead, I was overwhelmed with the smell of pickles. I like pickles. *pause* So I continued.
The MIT team’s biological system captures carbon dioxide at a higher rate, says Barbero.
The information obtained from ISI about the Abbottabad compound explains the otherwise mysterious remark by President Barack Obama on the night of the raid. "It is important here to note," Obama said, "that our counterterrorism cooperation with Pakistan helped lead us to bin Laden and the compound he was hiding in."
...You decided your car seat is really not the devil after all. In fact, I think you kinda like it now...
2. He never once tried to get back together.
We have learned that birds are cruel little creatures that have no qualms with throwing their babies out of the nest if they are not making the grade. I know, I didn't believe it at first, either...until I saw it first hand. It is quite harsh.
Damart also caters for a huge size range, and on all underwear you have a no time limit, lifetime guarantee, no questions asked. Quite a tall order in this day and age.
“As a community we need to work to ensure events like this never happen again,” he said.
Where did the week go? The time seems to have flown by - and I haven't even been doing anything much.
I pledged to never look again.
Apparently, Abrams studied many a Spielberg movie as he put paper to pen and concocted a story about kids with family problems coping with even-bigger problems that seem to involve the military and cold-eyed martinets who want to get to the bottom of things. Oh yeah, we have one of these in Super 8 too, in the form of Nelec (Noah Emmerich), who may not be telling anybody - including the viewer - everything he knows.
Firpo's Balloon Cocktail (mildly adapted)
Since I attend various Meetups with individuals who are Deaf, Hard of Hearing, are studying to be interpreters, and who just like signing, I hope to have many other folks allow me to snap them signing a particular word or phrase.
NU Online News Service, April 13, 10:34 a.m. EDT
“Niiiiiiiiiiiii-(stalling for time)-iiiiiiiiiiiiice………….. it’s prettttyyyyyyyy-(while saying this, try reading on the back what the fuck this thing is and react accordingly)-yyyyyyyyy………”
I am super excited to mention...and you darn right i'm mentioning it because i'm proud of myself..that i have lost 8 pounds. Now, you can't really tell from looking at me but I have. I have been doing weight watchers and sticking to it and when I weighed myself on Sunday i was down 3 more pounds which makes 8 in the last three weeks. Yahooooo! I'm super pumped..now, if i could just get back on some sort of running schedule.
Gene Lempp is the only human who can instantly tell the difference between a male and female sea horse, he says it’s because all females have a perturbed look on their face, which has something to do with the fact that their husbands are pregnant.
However I wasn't really able to connect with the characters, which ultimately hindered my enjoyment. Main character Elizabeth Margaret has always done what is expected of her and is prepared for an internship before going to Harvard and then becoming a lawyer like her father. She would rather be a chef and try new things instead of accepting the life mapped out for her by her grandmother and parents. But she wasn't going to try that until she receives an offer from an aunt she never knew she had to visit for the summer.
Conjure a colorful fomenting flood.
By the mid-1980s, our textbook included more detailed coverage of Vietnam; I had found an effective documentary and experimented with a couple of supplementary books; and I thought I understood at least the chronology of our involvement in Southeast Asia. I was finally “teaching the Vietnam War as history,” but I still felt that, by trying to adhere to the “standard of objectivity” imbibed in grad school, I had somehow reduced a conflict that consumed vast amounts of money and more than 58,000 American (and countless Vietnamese) lives to the level of interest of the War of 1812 or the Spanish-American War.
“I just want to go home, man. Let me go home.”
It’s funny – for the past year or so I’ve thought of myself more as a pantser than a plotter. Sure, I spend most of my time planning stories, and I usually have at least a basic outline when I start writing, but I generally toss that outline fairly soon into the writing process and just write what comes to me. I always have to start out with a basic overview of what will happen, but if I get too specific in the outline, I either don’t finish the story or completely ignore the outline.
To Edmund earl of Gloucester; seek him out
 White Bines which were difficult to grow but the most prized for brewing.
Things were going well with the pregnancy. I never had any morning sickness or massive swelling issues or any of the other problems that torment the average baby maker. I was determined to be better prepared this go around so a month ahead of time, I had my bags packed, the car seat installed, and a place for my son to go while I was in the hospital. He was going to spend a couple of nights with my inlaws which he was absolutely stoked about. Three weeks before my due date, my inlaws went to Italy for vacation and begged me to wait until they got back before releasing my prisoner. I agreed to do my best and postpone any parole for good behavior.
In closing I would like to say that while the stories are real, the character names are ficticious. These cases have stuck with me for the last ten years, and will for the rest of my natural life. It is sad to know that with just a few words, we can alter the lives of someone we love. If you know anyone who says hurtful things to their children, please seek help – the future of these children may depend upon you to step up to the plate and help them. Remember, children are vulnerable and rely on us as adults to thrive in their futures. It is not only wrong to demean children – it is child abuse.
MAD, BAD AND TOTALLY DANGEROUS - the last story in the series, and possibly the most scary - involves the ghosts of Lord Byron and his unhappy mistress Claire Clairmont. Abbie and Lauren are roped in to help at the local poetry festival. Abbie has bad vibes about this right from the start, and soon both girls realize that handsome poet Ron Lord is not what he seems. But the other young helper, Ruby, refuses to believe that the man she's throwing herself at is a ghost. All three girls are drawn into a nightmarish mix of past and present - with Byron's grand house and grounds providing the perfect gothic setting for the finale.
For those that don't know, my husband and I have struggled with infertility for a long time. We've been married 9 years and more than anything in the world wanted to be parents. I've gone through the hormone treatments and all that jazz. Then I had a basketball-sized cyst removed in 2011 that had killed my right ovary. Last July we found out that my left over aged prematurely - which means there are no eggs. No eggs means no babies. It was the most devastating thing that ever happened to us.
The wingless fae with a wand of spun gold
Dear Friday's, I do love that I get to work from home on this day... Dear Work Badge, I'm sorry I accidently flushed you down the toilet at work on Tuesday... Oops! I guess I was ready for a new picture anyways. Dear Pool, thank you for opening this weekend I can't wait to spend some time with you this summer! Dear Husband, I'm seriously counting down the days until you can shave your beard off. I'm not a fan! Dear Mustache/White Trash Party, please come quickly (May 19)!!! Dear Cary Distance Festival, please don't be hilly tomorrow! I'd like a nice flat 10K (6.2 miles) please!
So when you consider that huge impact that teachers have on their students, and by extension the world, then maybe we should just simply be thankful to have the privilege of being teachers.
'Escapology' is currently one of my favourite pieces for a couple of reasons, it was created without any planning, no theme in mind, and no direction as to where I wanted to go with it, a process that I normally don't do. It kind of just happened. However, once finished and I was looking over the piece it suddenly struck me that this assemblage that was born out of sheer frustration had so much personal meaning for me that it was quite scary. 'Escapology' had unbeknown to me resulted in the portrayal of a disability that I have called Fibromyalgia. A lot of my work centres around my health and personal issues but for me to create this with no conscious intention of doing so and for it to be so symbolic for me really was a strange experience. Just goes to show that art really does express what is within us, whether it be consciously or sub-consciously.
The Italian explorer Antonio Raimondi also came very close to stumbling across the ruins of Machu Picchu during his exploration of the Urubamba valley in 1858 when, during a trek from the town of Quillabamba to Cuzco, he descended down from the mountains to the Urubamba river at the village of Chaullay, at which point the river was crossed by the great Inca bridge Choquechaca, around 25 kilometres from Machu Picchu mountain. He actually named the mountain of a map included in his report on the journey a number of years later in 1891 but made no mention of its ruins. Raimondi’s map is of one of a number of maps that were produced prior to Hiram Bingham’s visit which show either Machu Picchu or its surroundings. In 1868 the Peruvian government hired the Swedish-born American engineer John Nystrom to chart a path linking Cuzco to with the Santa Ana valley. This route, which ran alongside the Urubamba river shows the source of a hot spring (“Aguas Calientes” in Spanish). However, Nystrom’s map makes no mention of Machu Picchu which was located just across the river.
the best is yet to come!
Given the option of taking additional coursework or being assigned to other classes, I headed back to the university. To obtain the certification I sought, I had to earn an English minor, which required - unsurprisingly - that terrifying Shakespeare course.
I shoot my mouth off.
Ardell Claudia Lashes
The same happened the day that Greece entered the Second World War.
We have withered
Excellent news! Fort Bend Sheriff's Deputy Keith Pikett - who has earned national disapprobation over his use of dog scent lineup - announced today he will retire, reports AP:
Is it a surprise that three-quarters of Americans willing to take polls support laws requiring voters to show ID at the polls? I don’t get the sense that Gallup is talking to a lot of illegal immigrants here.
Place the meat over the dripping pan and put two handful wood chips on the coal.
Like many gorgeous women, L is compelled to find an aspect of her looks to be hyper-critical about, and she has chosen one crooked canine to worry over; it’s a bit out of line, and it tends to make her smile slightly uneven, irreverent, cocky. But scrutinizing her smile in the mirror, she wailed, “Where were my parents? Where was my retainer?”
Health Campaigners praised the move but already existing 30 a day smoker Andrew Nolan isn’t impressed by the purposed policies:
For everyone, I hope, someone
I was going to go ahead and buy the sneakers anyway, but this photo of one of my girl crushes and style mentors, actress Tracee Ellis Ross confirmed (so did a mail solicitation from the Scooter Store) for me that sneakers can be rocked right by grown women too outside of the gyms and running trails.
Your Image, backing papers and embellies
~Lea L.
Guess what I've gotten done?
*Materials: graphite pencils of your choice, kneaded eraser, 18” by 24” newsprint (I prefer smooth print) and backing board.
Stephen Park, appointed to the board of the Department for Communities and Local Government as interim finance director between March 2010 and January 2011, was paid £335,135 through an agency. Meanwhile, his own limited company, Ashley Interim Management, paid dividends of £130,000 for 2011 and £100,000 for the previous year. The Rural Payments Agency (RPA) confirmed that at least three of its senior staff were employed through third parties in 2010-11. Jonathan Dodworth, interim finance director from May until October 2010, and David Clausen-Thue, his successor, were paid £236,183 and £160,516 respectively. A spokesman said: “These individuals were all contracted to the RPA on an interim basis while permanent staff were recruited.”
unschooledwriter@gmail.com
The houses are three hundred metres apart.
Dates: October 27th – 30th in the Sacred Black Hills
(Jack) Thanks, Ural for taking the time to share your insights today. You are truly gifted.
Diameter at lip of bowl: 4.9 inches (12.6 centimeters)
You are all the best…
Now that's romance!
Yes, it's a HYBRID. I am so frackin' thrilled, and promise not to be smug.
Inerviewee: “What?”
Welcome back to my Six Sunday post, all due to http://www.sixsunday.com/ twitter #sixsunday. This is my third post and the first two you can find scrolling on my home page. The first 6 talked a little about the world and how our heroine has to avoid zombies, unless she has the ketchup and mustard bottles ready for them. The second 6 has some tension as Cindy and our heroine came across a dog. The following 6 continues right where last week's left off...
Last week I had my 4th co-training experience with Lyssa Adkins. We co-trained a CSPO course in San Francisco, California. What an amazing experience it was. Lyssa and I spent a good amount of time preparing and getting to know each other ahead of time. We we met up Monday evening at her hotel the ideas gushed out and we quickly came up with a great plan for the next day. In fact, it went so well that we did a joint Blog posting on one of our ideas. Check it out:
1tsp siracha
This was a really fun exercise and I will try this method again. These two tops still need wadding, backs, quilting and borders.
For the dog – this should be his or her bed. When the puppy is overwhelmed or frustrated, send them to bed, simply by saying, “bed”. For the gayby – As you train your new gayby they will rebel. Anything wanting to assert its own independence is apt to do this, unfortunately. Consider it a teaching opportunity. These rebellious moments lead to a heightened frustration and that heightened frustration can lead to tantrums, high pitched screaming, and then the throwing of soggy cheerios. When this happens send the gayby to the “naughty mat” until he or she calms down. For the drag queen – As you set rules, a drag queen may become violent or at the very least bitchy. A drag queen is used to getting her way, especially after the sun goes down. So, your drag queen may use her heels as ninja stars, hurling them at various members of the audience because they are not properly listening to her lip synched version of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene”. When this happens, take your position in the wing of the stage and calmly, yet assertively yell, “House!” Keep repeating “HOUSE!” until your drag queen retreats to her studio apartment with her sequenced tail between her legs.
Anna says: I totally agree.
When he closed his eyes, everything was silent. No birds, no wind. Only his breathing. Gislenus knew that no animal life was a sign of something bad, and unfortunately for him, he never saw it coming. The crack of a twig made his hazel eyes flutter open and look directly at where the sound had come from. He saw blond hair, blue eyes. A stocky build blocked out the now setting sun. “Caleb.” The snarl on Gislenus’s face was very clear, showing just the right amount of hatred for the man. “How did you find me?” The growl was steady, unrelenting.
Hello, it’s me again.
I rolled up the window once I'd rounded the corner and drove the rest of the way home feeling bullied and ugly.
SINGAPORE: A second youth, who was part of a group accused of rioting at Downtown East in 2010, will go behind bars for five years and be given six strokes of the cane.
“The sooner is the better.”
The increasing rumble-roar of traffic heralds a more modern aspect of human history as a towering concrete viaduct takes the M20 motorway over the river. The dwarfing monolithic piers are unsurprisingly well graffitied, most of it banal vandalism, but one pier acts as an informal shrine to a deceased loved one with spray-painted tributes, wilted flowers, bedraggled cuddly toys, a fading football shirt….
JOHN BERTHELSEN is the editor of Asia Sentinel.
LLL: There’s no such thing. There are only happy moments.
After nearly a month home from China, Connie is still home with the girls, while I have returned to 'work,' though my boss might argue with that description of my activities there - and rightfully so. My thoughts are rarely focused enough right now on my work topics to be as productive as I need to be. But I realize that with passage of time and the maturing of our new, larger family, I'll gradually begin to reacquaint myself with work. Austin is back in school and his geometry class is keeping both him and me more busy than it ought to. We actually had to develop a schedule just to keep up with the homework and special projects! The girls, well, let's just say that they keep Connie busier than we imagined and certainly more than any of us thought. She needs more of my help too.
“The medical examiner found the following injuries; almost every bone in her skull was fractured, every bone in her face was fractured at least once, lacerations on the face over these fractures, a missing tooth, left eye was collapsed, right eye was hemorrhaged, tongue discolored, 180 stab wounds (postmortem), two large incisions in her chest, her left lung had been removed and all her fingers and both thumbs were cut off.
PHP, as it has come to be known, has been a dream of Shore Drive citizens and one of the priorities of the city’s open-space acquisition plan for a decade.
Chicken, Penne, & Veggies in a Garlic Cream Sauce
First, the anchor chart of expectations:
Paperback: 384 pages
We are looking for all those summer days images and colours...remember you can use any Elisabeth Bell image but if you have one of the adorable Elphine House stamps then we would really love to see what you can do with them!!
JBS-Swift Beef Co based in Greeley, Colorado, is expanding its June 24 recall to a total of about 421,000 lbs of assorted beef products, USDA and the company said.
He has studied theoretical physics and philosophy and that influences the fact that he tends to write in a way that is not about solving questions but asking them. It is a journey of asking - and he believes it would be arrogant of him to assume he had the answers.
"Lose weight or you'll die", might be considered to be one? Right? No.
“Mrs. Locher?” Dr. Nodurft was standing in front of me. “May I have a word with you?”
I fell on top of a table,
Forgive the play on scripture but...As for me and my house, we will Stop & Watch the Fishes. =)
I have to admit I have yet to see on this season, so I'm hoping they are still doing them. If you cannot find a red kettle, you can drop some coins in any non-profit jar, bucket, slot you find in stores or restaurants. If you attend church, you can even put extra coins in the offering basket.
And fans are still unsatisfied? In-effin’-con-ceivable!
The new dual action DC plug is composed of a dual car charger splitter that allows you to power 2 mobile phones all at the same time in your car. All you need to do is plug the power adapter into your power socket and it’s set and ready to use. This is truly beneficial if you have more than 1 mobile phone in your car.
Even though I've interviewed people like fashion scholar Valerie Steele, rock star curator Harold Koda, and Director/CEO of the AGO Matthew Teitelbaum, there is something about meeting Jeanne Beker that makes me nervous. On days like today, I really wish I had an assistant.
Given the economic times, students seem to be becoming a lot more demanding, and the feedback forms are proving that to me.
Going to link this up to a few weekly blogs...so back to do that in a bit.
Isn't she adorable?! The papers I used are from October Afternoon and the ribbon is from The Ribbon Girl. I stamped the sentiment onto an October Afternoon sticker. The extra wee text sticker are from October Afternoon as well. The snowflakes I stamped in red on the right hand side come with Tia.
Then, there is another blind person seen in Acts 13. This man is Bar Jesus, who has a perfect name; Son of God our Saviour. This becomes the more apparent from Exodus 4:22. “And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the Lord, Israel is my son, even my firstborn.” So Bar Jesus becomes a picture of the nation, Israel. Now we turn to Acts 13:6 to identify this man. Bar Jesus was a sorcerer, a false prophet and a Jew.
Political parties have an interesting task on par with any company that is selling a product: they must both work at constructing and protecting a “brand” identity, or rather a set of feelings, values and ideas that the voter or consumer associates with the product. Parties offer voters a package of policies, personalities, values and philosophies, yet when operating in the open market of democratic politics, parties also benefit or suffer from automatic associations that voters make in their minds towards a particular party. Parties will have certain brand strengths and weaknesses and must work to enhance the former and combat the latter. Nanos conducted a rather interesting poll in mid-April 2012 that asked Canadians what words they associated with the five political parties currently represented in Parliament. While the poll specifically asked people to give one word that would describe each party as a “person,” the results offer insights into the brand of each political party. In other words, what automatic associations do voters make towards a particular party?
As you read this note,please do not grieve. For,contrary to your feelings and sentiments now i am free — notwithstanding the four concrete walls and steel bars that confine me and the brave souls of Soc, Ernie Rod, Dean Malay, Prof. Gonzalez, Cris, Teddy C., Teddy B., Edward B. and Angel T. I am indeed free to think and feel the way I have always thought and felt.
Although I am curious what happened to it, I have already replaced it in my heart with a new plant. I bought this colorful little Haworthia at the NW Flower and Garden show. Since I am not ready to plant outdoors yet, I eased my plant buying soul with a new succulent.
Inclusion: Race Bib, Finisher Shirts and Medal for all categories
Anyway, it's interesting to think back on the process of how The Dark and Hollow Places got from point A (time to ponder the third book!) to point Z (on shelves March 22, 2011!). Especially as I embark on new projects (lips sealed) and get excited about where those might be in the future. For me, there's always something a little magical about the process -- a part of me that will likely never understand how it works and thus is terrified that one day it won't. But there's fun in the magic -- in that moment when you realize you've written the foundation for a point you hadn't even considered but once you realize it... wow, it works (or rather, that's the hope!).
22But the men who were sent saw that they were not in the prison, and came back with the news,
I played two games with these forces. First one solo at home in an “urban” setting, the other at the club in a more regular battlescape.
So, it is Feb 9th and Johnny Damon still doesn’t have a home. Way to go Boras. Turning down the 2/$14 deal from the Yanks was really stupid in hind-sight. I think a lot of people thought it was a bad idea then though. That is Damon’s problem though. Whatever. I am not a fan of him (and no it isn’t because he spurned the Sox for the Yanks offer…. I just don’t care for the guy or his defense). But, he will get some team a great deal for a relatively cheap amount as long as that team’s owner doesn’t go all Minaya on him or something.
each in its cauld hand held a light,-
I just hope that in addition to evolving our political landscape and seeking out the types of leaders we want to represent us in the global arena, we also find the time to cultivate the leader in each of ourselves.
Robert Cox’s The Final Event provides major new insight into the timing and significance of the momentous events beginning now to unfold on planet earth at this most crucial period of human history. Based upon his own intuitive cognitions, the author ties together prophetic indicators derived from the Vedic, Egyptian, Christian, Greek, Judaic, and Mayan traditions to develop a predictive historical model, which spans the last 13,000 years and, for the first time, connects the Precession of the Equinoxes with the cyclic unfolding of the four Ages of Man.
One would imagine that although the website is incomplete and features holding images for the screenshots and a disabled trailer, it is all designed to add to the hype that will undoubtedly surround this announcement when Activision make their official announcement, expected something this evening. With the development studio Treyarch on board to produce this latest Black Ops installment, the chances are that we will have yet another first person shooter phenomenon on our hands when it launches toward the end of 2012.
Chiron has been a popular figure in both art and literature, and pops up in a number of modern works. John Updike’s “The Centaur” is based on the life of Chiron, and Chiron also features in Elizabeth Cook’s novel “Achilles.” He is a character in the Percy Jackson series, and I like to think that the Classics-loving J. K. Rowling was inspired by Chiron in her portrait of the wise centaurs (Firenze especially) in the “Harry Potter” series. Chiron even appears in astronomy and astrology, immortalized as the constellation Sagittarius.
These have been my honest alphabet so often shoved from my candle lit face,
He would keep a lookout for me when I nipped behind bushes to answer the call of nature; he would hop off his bike ahead of me to open gates when we went cross-country and most of all he would keep me entertained with his tales.
George Duke - keyboards, synthesizer, vocals
but the lack of sleep and the ding of the timer
that life is truly a circle.
An important detail. There was a time, a very long time ago now, when Brian was prone to these things. A period of atypical behaviour which was used most specifically by Chris Claremont, in maybe some 15 issues total, of his run in early Excalibur. For many of course (Because Captain Britain's adventures between 1976 and 1987 were not published in America until last year) it was their first encounter with Brian, and they took it as gospel that this was how the character usually behaved - as a pompous, boorish idiot, who made poor decisions, and didn't want to be a team player. This was never Chris Claremont's intention, of course. It was designed very much to highlight how Brian reacted to grief.
(2) Footwear: Wear comfortable shoes that are easy to run in and won’t give you blisters. If possible, wear water-proof shoes. (There is a chance of showers tomorrow in NYC.) Don’t wear open-toe shoes.
The film is not the most perfect but it has a quality to it that keeps you engaged and entertained. There is no question that Williams carries the film on her shoulders and doesn’t waiver for even a second. It is refreshing to have a year of film that has some of the most perfect casting in years and My Week With Marilyn is no exception. With Kenneth Branagh playing Sir Laurence Olivier to perfection it is one of the few movies that quickly pulls you into it’s world to the point you forget you are watching actors and you feel you are just an observer of the time. It is a fine tribute and homage to one of the most remembered and revered persons of the 20th century.
I'm so excited to announce that I have been asked to design needle felting projects for Clover Needlecraft, Inc.!!! The past few days have been very busy, as I have just completed several designs for Clover's project sheets. It's an awesome opportunity to publish some of my work with a wonderful company. Ahhh, yes, and on top of all that, I was provided with an ample supply of Clover's outstanding felting tools and roving to work with. I'm like a kid in a candy store! To think, before working with Clover, I did all of my needle felting projects with a single non replacable barbed needle! Clover's tools utilize several needles, or you can use just one if you like...the point is, there are options. This was also my first experience working with Clover's felting brush pad, which, again was SO much better than my foam cushion (the needles don't get stuck in the felting pad!).
My girls love their new dress-up outfits from Vietnam, Ao Dai (pronounced Ao Yai in the south and Ao Zai in the north), the Vietnamese national costume.
Waking up in the morning freezing...crisp clean air. Oh I love it!!
Sunday abs and core, I do this in the morning and then collapse on the couch.
let the cucumber continue to drain while you prepare the tortillas and meat
‘My name’s Rook. You all know me. You know I know the difference between shit and shinola. And this man here,’ she pointed a long finger at The Prophet. ‘This so-called Prophet is talking some of that old-fashioned bullshit.’
Here is a current list of things that I am all about at the moment:
When it is time to go to bed Kira has to wear a silk cap over her crazy curls. She rejected wearing it until I put one on too, and said, this is what ladies wear to bed. So when it’s my turn to put her to bed, I put on the hot pink silk cap with a burgandy bow, and she willingly asks for her night night hat. It’s not a pretty sight when I wear it, but for her in her little footed jammies, and her puffy pink hat, it’s the most adorable sight of the day. (the hat keeps her hair from matting up with the rubbing against the sheets all night. Trust me I can use all the help I can get in keeping her hair from matting.)
It is a very different beer from our LA-31. We only use late hop additions that gives our beer a great hop flavor yet leaves smooth and mellow hop bitterness. I think the Dogfish would go great pared up with American style pepperoni pizza, a spicy meatball sub, or cheese enchiladas. We like to think our LA-31 really compliments our regions more refined cuisine, like gumbo, jambalaya or sauce picante.
Home-made decal sentiment
Its akin, I guess, to someone hearing (say) Miles Davis for the first time; hearing Winwood sing; seeing Hendrix or watching Bob Marley for the first time – this was music from another place. Completely.
11. Stephanie - 1958
Strong communication skills – Clearly convey information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups. (i.e.: Organizes communication; adjusts to audience; ensures understanding; comprehends communication from others.)
Boulder Beer / Wilderness Pub Cold Hop British-Style Ale
**I do not recommend purchasing prefolds used. Cotton prefolds take the most abuse of the various types of diapers, as people tend to bleach them and as they are likely changed more frequently. If you buy preemie prefolds new, you can get four kids through them without needing to buy more.
A REIT is a company that owns and manages property – both commercial and residential – on behalf of shareholders, giving investors wider opportunities for accessing this important asset class.
Now that the playoff field is set, let’s take a look at how teams stack up in their chances to win a title. Below are my rankings of the each team’s chances to win the NBA Championship this postseason:
Our conscious thoughts are not the start of any action, they are the result of a whole mass of stuff going on in the body and brain before we become aware of them. Our thoughts can, of course, affect our emotions and vice versa, and even create feedback loops, which intensifies both, but they are rarely the starting point.
"The members (of the police) maybe warned … (or they) maybe suspended, or face charges where they will have to pay a certain fee … Normally, members who conduct serious misconduct within the SAPS may even be expelled," says Mofokeng.
Tamayura Hitotose
Then be sure to pop over and read the other MEMEs on the linky – let’s celebrate our elderly loved ones!
“But even in such circumstances you must follow the rule of law. If they are identified by informers they should have been detained and questioned. But they were not.”
No. Obviously let me know if you have been published before, but if not, don’t worry! I just want to read your submission.
The whippet made himself to the usual meeting place and once there, smiled as he set eyes on his three Mod dog buddies..
www.classactinsider.blogspot.com
“The hospital at Camp Bastion, the UK’s main military base in Helmand, occasionally treats enemy forces that have been wounded.
Still, sleeping in a chair is not the best but this chair was WAY better than the first.
Far away from war,
After students write their sentences and check over them, I edit and give them a pre-made book to copy their sentences in. After students have finished writing their sentences, they add illustrations and color. Finally, when they think their book is finished, I check over them (and may have them add to illustrations!). When they get a 'green light' from me, they write From: (Their Name) on the front cover using a black Sharpie.
Advancements in Noninvasive Weight Loss Surgery
Keep it real.
I hope you will visit Celebrate the Occasion and see the beautiful Easel Cards DT2 have made to inspire you. Remember there is a chance to be entered into our August drawing for a $25 Paper Trey Ink gift certificate.
without even trying
Make no mistake about it — President Obama’s repeated usage of the phrase “freedom of worship” is very deliberate. For many of us, at first glance, the two phrases seem to be talking about the same thing; but we have to accept the Truth – they are very different things, and each time anyone uses “freedom of worship”, they are doing so to send a message to a very particular constituency. Language is critical!! Our Founding Fathers knew this. The “other side” today knows this – so should we.
2-3 tbsp pistachio paste
It's the hardest thing I've ever done, but it's also the most rewarding.
Thankfully your crew rescues you at the last second. Slavik walks onto his bridge where he is greated by his crew and decides to murder one of them just in case. You then take orders from the most evil sounding robot ever. If you don’t think you’re the bad guys, they why does your helper robot sound like that? Maybe the robot picked its own voice because in the expansion pack it goes rogue and almost takes over the world, so there’s that.
As you can see from the above image, my clients added the extra rug by the door and a different hook system was implemented. We opted for hooks around the corner on the adjacent wall leading to the playroom rather than hanging them just inside the door. Also, we decided to go with a different lamp that was better suited for the high traffic area. The pop of red is a fun welcome.
After a restful hiatus, I’m excited to get back to posting regularly. Last week, I got offered the Box Office Manager position at Weathervane Playhouse in Ohio and I am so happy to say that I took the job. It is going to be so wonderful to return to the place that my love for arts administration began. Yall, the people in Newark, Ohio inspire me. They taught me that a background in theatre is not necessary to fall in love with the arts.
A senior officer at West Mercia police has called for an end to the 'damaging taboo' connecting on-street grooming with race.
This is what happens when you have an unregulated market. The weak are enslaved by the strong. The strong make up reasons to justify it so that they can look in the mirror and sleep at night. But the situation remains the same. This is what capitalism looks like, when it’s not manipulated and controlled: the brute and pathetic economy of handwritten cards in newsagent windows and strips of bacon hanging from a sill in plastic bags.
The first one is what they say the second thing is usually what it means.
I do admit, I was a bit lost in the mystery at first (I think it was all the M names… Martin, Marston, Mitchell…) but I was able to straighten myself out and was really surprised by the ending and how the mystery was resolved! Another one I didn’t expect.
This site offers the possibility of making a food chain on 3 different habitats. What is special about this site is that while making the food chain, students will apply the concept of food web, understanding that one animal can eat and be eaten by various other organisms. So, students will have to figure out how to enter the different members in their assigned space, depending on how the arrows show the relationship between them. Finally, there is a hint where a small chart that explains from where each member gets energy from.
(2) 8 Boxes of Clothespins
LATITUDE: 00-39.03N; LONGITUDE: 148-59.82W
In India,we try everything possible 2 stop a writer from coming to a literary meet because you see,he expressed some religious views in a book some 24 yrs ago…but mind you,WE aRe A DEMOCRACY!
"Susie, Susie, Susie. What am I going to do with you?"
Per admires the clear, straight-sided glass, and wonders if he could get it home to the 16th without breaking it. His mother has no glasses so fine. He also thinks the bright colour of the juice beautiful, as it reminds him of the ‘old story about a beautiful woman whose tears were liquid gold.’ (The goddess Freyja, remembered in folklore.)
In a 2008 response to California’s Supreme Court ruling to allow gay marriage, Santorum said, “Is anyone saying same-sex couples can’t love each other? I love my children. I love my friends, my brother. Heck, I even love my mother-in-law. Should we call these relationships marriage, too? Marriage is and always has been more than the acknowledgment of the love between two people.”
For the first challenge, the designers were ushered into the Canadian War Museum and set the task of creating a camouflage outfit to be displayed. “The idea was to create an outfit for the war museum that represented war and the goal was to create something inspired by the 1st and 2nd World War with an Asian influence ” said Adejoke Taiwo this morning.
Michael Patrick.
that ruffles your clothes
Here is a card I made for the ABC Christmas Challenge, H is for hardware, so must use something metal on the card. I have used, a antique pin, a clip, and also a couple of antique brad buttons. The snowman is from Serindipity, and in the background is Lovely as a tree.T he paper is from Creative Memories, The image is colored in Ridinghood Red, More Mustard, Always Artichoke, and Soft Suede. It was torn and sponged with Soft Suede. The red layer was embossed with a snowflake embossing folder, and the sentiment is from Hero Arts, and was punched and destressed as well. I also added some white smooch spritz to give it a bit of a shimmer, and also some liquid applique and glitter on the snow that is on top of the broom, birdhouse, his hat, and the ground.
According to Variety, Yates is working with Jane Tranter, who is the LA head of BBC Worldwide, previously Head of Fiction at the BBC until 2008.
First, the power went out, that happens sometimes but it's not normal in my area unless there's something serious going on. It went out around 10 times consecutively within 5 minutes, then it went out for good for a couple of hours. When the power finally came, I turned on my machine and I did something weird while threading it, but I didn't notice until the bobbin thread started bunching up under my fabric, of course I didn't notice it until I was finished sewing the entire seam... Yes, I had to look it up and it seems that the upper thread wasn't correctly engaged in the tension system and yes I had to unpick the entire seam. :S
A framed chalkboard panel with an Eiffel tower is a very smart idea.
On Dec 23rd, I heard there was a very active thread about him on an adoption forum which I don't read. So, I jumped over there and caught up with his story. While reading the thread, I discovered there was a family who was trying to bring him home, but their agency was not cooperating.
I was appalled. How dare she? I had written a great book report about a great book. I did more than the stupid assignment called for.
Just got the official notice that I’m a member of the Sweet N Sexy Divas! Very surreal to see my name on the roster and see my covers in the sidebar! I’ll be blogging on the 30th of every month (well, except for February – LOL!) So my first post is this month, on the 30th.
The ad “expresses an illegal preference for a Christian roommate, thus excluding people of other faiths,” according to the complaint filed by the Fair Housing Center of West Michigan.
I thought I would follow suit and add a "light" post today by pointing you to one of the cameras that has brought me great pictures over the past couple of posts.
Another factor was that over 20 years the average investor had returns of 3.83% while the index did 9.14%.
In the midst of the affairs of the vast universe He thinks of His humblest child in this great world, and amid all its confusion and noise hears and recognizes the faintest cry that rises from the lips of the least and lowliest of His little ones.
Breakfast was finished, and her mother would soon call from downstairs for help. Her cousins were coming to visit this evening, and there was a lot of work to do.
Grammer's: "Free To Booze!"
And I knew no more.
So why prep at all? It's way to complicated to put in one paragraph or to repost each time, so I encourage you to read these posts. I've provided a Prepping Basics Index so you don't have to scroll down through every post, but you can jump to each one directly. And hopefully soon I'll have it up on the side bar!
Mighty waters cannot extinguish love;
Delivered from the plague of death by the blood of the Passover Lamb, the children of Israel left Egypt. (A symbol of sin) Four hundred and thirty years earlier, seventy people had come into the land of the Pharaoh’s with Jacob, the grandson of Abraham whose name had been changed to Israel. Now they set out from Egypt taking with them all their families and their flocks and herds and the riches of Egypt leaving nothing behind.
Violet has always been one of my favourite heroines in ya-literature. She's grown and developed so much throughout the series so far. Sometimes she does rather recklessly put herself in danger but she always does it for a good reason and you can't fault her for her desire to want to help others.
have learned to be whole..
It's amazing! The kit comes with EVERYTHING you need but scissors. All the pieces have the patterns on them, and you just cut following the lines. I could have let Emmy do this part, too, but I was a little control freakish about that.... Anyhow, once the pieces were cut, I showed Emmy the order for glue for the boys, girls, and toadstools, and let her go to town. Then she was able to glue on embellishments that were in the kit, such as buttons, flowers and butterflies, sequins, glitter, ric rac and more. Emmy had so much fun doing this! Here she is working on it... oh, and the wax paper to work on was even included in the kit!
Do you remember this? It was the time when I would try so hard to recreate the flavor and the crunch of ferrero rocher in a cake. I would say it was very successful at that time, based on all of the feedback and request for the same cake from my friends. I used nutella and also some rice krispies in the cake, which was great, but maybe you would remember too that I lost the notes where I scribbled down all of the measurement I used. I've been wanting to recreate the cake ever since and this time, I also wanted to make it with the "correct" ingredients, for example, gianduja paste/hazelnut paste instead of nutella, feuilletine instead of rice krispies, and perfected the component layer that goes inside the cake.
What is it about Kelle Hampton that elicits such passionate, emotional responses? She’s like a new religion for some people, it seems. It’s fascinating, and disturbing. Let’s just be rational, people. Okay?
O You, my life!
Hostility /anger. The targeted person must be caused to be hostile. This of course is achieved by issues of injustice -violations. Commonly a cheat is used as an anchor while a more serious violation is committed behind the person’s back. If however there are people involved who are related then the targeted person becomes aware of them but not consciously aware so another blind spot is created. So for instance in the first example the woman was asked for just a little bit of water, which is a small cheat because water is not needed to chip trees. However they are new neighbours, they appear polite and the request, even if ridiculous, is trivial. They appeal to the person’s goodness to get them to agree. Of course the request is also a nocebo, so it is a violation and not just a cheat. The serious violation though is the invasion and use of her property as a thoroughfare without permission. Thus the targeted person is angered and made aggressive towards the offenders, not because of “something happened in the past” but because the violation is ongoing –in the present. I might add that this is always the case, with every “bothering” of a person. The violation might have happened in the past but it is ongoing and used in the present. This is done by being bringing the issue up, by laughing at the person cheated, by comments and conversation made about the person by people who include at least one person known and in close relationship to the person victimized in this way. The evil people that commit the violation in the real world are also a part of the team of evil people committing the ongoing violations in the mind, which in the case of cancer involves presenting harmful ideas under danger conditions as I will describe in the next post.
How is it looking at your end? Are the font's OK? Would you prefer less curly letters? What about the colours - and the background? Not too distracting? I tried to get the background the right size - but it may show as tiled on some systems. I did have fun last night playing with the graphics programme to create the background and header.
I started going through the guest room piles of old clothes yesterday. So many items to ebay this year. I am committed to not miss this selling season. I need to have all my auctions up by late July to not miss on the high fall/winter traffic (crazy, I know!). So I began washing and folding and taking inventory (95% is Gymboree- old lines= good $ to be had) and researching current selling prices. I think I have some possible big $$ items.
LOL...not really...well, maybe some of them were:-)
Getting immune is not only for guests. MDs also undergo a similar process. A newbie MD would tend to be all thumbs as well and wouldn’t know how to deal with certain scenarios. A first time MD would tend to get surprised a lot as well.
Well, still at training and still having a wonderful week- all in all!
THE RESTRICTIONS ARE:
It's an interesting place, but noisy at night and as I usually like to read when I'm alone, I don't go often. We had a spirited conversation about Lost and sending NSFW-but-rather-tame photos to friends' cellphones. Now that there's sufficient medical applications for the iTouch, I'm starting to think about getting one. You know, for work.
1 cup cold strong brewed coffee
Ordy and I entered a contest to win an engagement photo shoot with a local photographer here and we are neck to neck with some of the other contestants... I thought it might be an easy competition because of only EIGHT entries, little did I know I'm up against TOUGH, determined competitors!!!
My calendar tells me it is now the month of May. It's always been reliable before, so I have to believe what it says, but I'm a little alarmed by the fact that the month of April is gone. Here in My Florida Backyard, April was a blur of a month, filled with out-of-town guests, broken air conditioning, hectic times at work, and heavy-hitting cough-filled colds that are still dragging on long after it seems they should be. We've pretty much had to leave the gardens to fend for themselves, and for the most part they seemed to do fine without us.
The bottle on the left is, I think, as close as you can get to a commercially available home brew, Bière Brassèe à la Maison. The female brewer has supposedly turned her bathroom into a brewery, called Brasserie La 42ème. Except for the location in a village near the Wallonian capital of Namur, little is known about this microbrewery. The beer turned out a bit too spiced, but by all means drinkable ( and far from being a candidate for my bathroom zink!)
I am proud of the mommy I have become and the lessons I have learned. I have many, many people to thank for those lessons. But I also know that I am about to start a new chapter in life and learn more... being a mommy of 2 boys should be interesting.
Mathematician and Fields Medalist Tim Gower has boycotted Elsevier and started a website for others to publicly declare their own boycott.
Expressing feelings about anything related to match schedule, team description, spicy issues or any other thing. Cricket forum, as the live cricket online to do his level best not to miss even a single victory. Cricket, countries and international equations. Cricket transcends all boundaries. Howzat for a game of thrills and excitement of a female field cricket may be some that are completely glued to each happening in the international cricket front and one can discuss and find out such cricket fans love disusing about everything that is being played. Podcast is nothing but simply means publishing audio files in the cricket online scorecard a high quality all digital network. As a pioneer and a terminally ill patient watching the live cricket online a cricket enthusiast needs to be heard, once the live cricket game is really no reason to have best possible medium to take pleasure of world cup. There are numerous sites that provide this information will help them to get into the live cricket news and due to ad business. Every player gets a chance to view the live cricket online by your favorite cricketers and you can share your opinion and views on any issues about cricket. Earlier, the live cricket online it will be discussed during a tournament. If you disable an application it will be required to purchase and download the live cricket keeper and storage capability of your favorite tournament, then you need to find out a tiny cause and this becomes so serious that people either stick themselves to cricket and cricketers.
” Those who’s opinions really matter, are the people who love you despite your struggles or success”
Equally, however, there were many other aspects of the game which disappointed me. When the credits rolled eight hours later I was left feeling oddly dissatisfied with the whole experience, and it wasn’t just because I half-knew how it ended.
6.- Loyal - Produced by Kno
Amazon.com is also a great source for nuggets of goodness (and you can shop in the comfort of your a/c!) I'd been watching this lovely sunburst mirror from Ballard Designs.
Anvil is so compelling as a subject that the form and directing of the doc is almost immaterial. Respect though must be paid to the intimacy and trust that director Sascha Gerva has earned from his subjects. Technical skills can be acquired, getting subjects to open their lives is an ability that is much harder to learn and use responsibly. A+++
I am thankful for her keen sense of observation, for her gentle spirit and her willing heart.
10. Rock And Roll All Nite (KISS cover)
23 Paces to Baker Street is a Fox production and remains absent on DVD in both the US and the UK, however, I believe there’s a copy of the film available in Spain but I haven’t seen it. Instead I picked up the Australian release by Bounty Films when it was issued late last year. The disc is completely barebones, but the transfer is pretty good. The movie is presented correctly in anamorphic scope and although it doesn’t appear to have undergone any kind of restoration there’s no especially distracting damage either. The colours are strong, the film has been transferred progressively and the price is acceptable. The only beef I have with the presentation, and it’s a very minor one, is the curious decision to market the title as part of the Bounty Noir Classics line – this is a standard mystery/whodunit and doesn’t even approach noir territory. This is an entertaining, glossy and well-paced thriller that’s capable of holding the viewer’s interest from beginning to end. I found it satisfying and have no problem giving it the thumbs up.
This is the kind of place you dreamed of as a kid. Sure enough, the little ones seemed mesmerized by all the sweet possibilities. So did some of the adults.
Pradip’s inspired idea was to create the Dip-Bahan, a faster, lighter rickshaw and then, under a microfinance model, allow pullers to buy the rickshaw and repay the loan in 18 months, on a daily basis. When banks refused to finance production of the new Dip-Bahans, Pradip went to businesses and cleverly got them to invest by giving them deeply discounted ad rates on the backs of the rickshaws. Once the puller owns his rickshaw, he can double his income and begin to pull himself and his family out of poverty. Pradip also finances uniforms, shoes, licenses, health and accident insurance, and photo ID cards under the same microfinance model, to bring respect, safety and camraderie to the profession.
None, no force, no one on this earth
Pace: 8; Parry: 6; Toughness: 10
Not another creature was stirring,
Dr. William Rea has written “chemically sensitive patients can — and do — die in hospitals from exposure to chemicals but it is always blamed on organ failure or recurrent infection,” and ME/CFS patient Sophia Mirza died after a serious decline prompted by a hospital stay. Read more>>
Sue has been very busy. She is planning her wedding. She has adjusted to her new responsibility as a nurse and may take some additional classes. She works most weekends and on her days off she volunteers to help at Monica’s class. I am sure that is the reason she was unable to send me any photos for their Easter celebration. I love my daughter with or without photos.
While pondering on the dream, I remembered that the title of the article I saw was not about the ‘American Pie’ but the ‘Astounding Panoramic Vision of A.A. Allen’ which Carlos has also written an extensive exposition here:
The only rap song I ever enjoyed was an ironic sporting ditty called Come on, Aussie, come on!, sung by a man who was obviously an outlandish humbug. I defy you to listen to it three times without joining in at the chorus. It now has an exalted place in my pantheon of favourite Australian hits, a coterie which includes Tie me kangaroo down! and Bite me arse, yer drongo! You can always trust the Australians to turn something vulgar and inane into a humorous classic.
Muir says a lot of things in the interview. What I don’t see is a recommendation to buy. His talking points say buying is “more attractive” now than it was last year, but there’s no call to action. None. The Sun hyped him.
Spread large sheet of wax paper on work surface, and dust with oat flour, if using. Transfer date mixture to wax paper, and use paper to press mixture into 1/2-inch thick rectangle. Wrap tightly, and chill overnight.
Then suddenly, as if the weather elves had been napping and awoke in a frantic state of guilt at not having done their usual earth tending, October turned mild.
This morning I am going to answer questions only.
I have really struggled the past several days.
The key decision in a Quest Plot is: what are the characters questing for, and will they succeed in their mission? Once you’ve decided this, you’re golden. You can start at Point A and work your way merrily to Point B, and if things start to get slow? WHAM. NINJA ASSASSINS. Problem solved, my friend.
Mental Health: The restored gospel has great effects on the mental health of church members. Any evidence of positive mental-health benefits can be directly tied to the church, whereas anything negative, such as depression and suicide, is completely unrelated.
The 13 to Life series is the only series I read now that has anything to do with werewolves. It’s just so good! I haven’t read the fourth book yet but I will soon. The first two books are visiting my aunt at the moment.
I really loved the option of adding the navy trim but I just couldn't get on board with the look.
my english story becomes more interesting when it involves competition. i am saying about, my eagerness to compete with a colleague who spoke eloquently in english! all i do is read, read and read his writings :) yeah, that was a long time ago, and now it is revealed :) adeh. but i've never agree with his points of view of life, i just take the assets not the liabilities with me~ whenever i see he has improved, i tried my best to improve my skills. hehh. he is good at public speaking, thanks to him that i start to do my public speaking since form 3, in the same camp that both of us joined coincidently together. while other people admire him for his personality - the face whatsoever - i admire his confidence and courage to face the public - but still like i've said before, i've never agree with his points of view of life =.=
You also get lower circulation, dropping stock prices and lost credibility.
Me:”If you could be one animal what one animal would you be?
Just a little Drink for THOUGHT…the next time you reach for the Diet Cola or hand your child a glass of Crystal Lite… which are filled with this neuron altering chemical called ASPARTAME (deemed “safe” by the FDA)
grinning from windows and wandering the streets.
from their own land by their own people,
I’m not proud of that.
(I have not received any money from Celestial Seasonings for this... but they are totally free to send me buttloads of their Chai Tea which I heart more than Bengal Spice. *hint hint* *wink wink*)
I followed her basic idea for how to make the necklace, but I used different beads and made the necklace in one piece rather than making a separate loop with the beads. What do you think? I'm really loving it. I'm really into the whole southwestern kick right now, and I feel like this necklace will be the perfect accessory for my outfits that fit that theme.
* four specialized vehicles including an off-road one especially for forest fires
- A critique of your first three pages
- Coach Scott announced Kyrie was going to be starting earlier in the afternoon, and I was excited to hear that, as this was really the impetus for wanting to go and see his first game as a Cavalier. Defensively, he looked up to the task and his quick hands almost cost Jose Calderon of the Raptors a couple turnovers. He had only one turnover, which is great for your first NBA game. Now, shooting-wise, he couldn't buy a basket, but he didn't look afraid of shooting the ball, and I think that confidence will help him as the season goes on.
Odd as these ideas sound today, they were hugely popular in Europe and America, and something like a hundred Harmonial communes—"Phalansteries," as they were called—were organized by enthusiasts hoping to make the dream real. Alas, neither the cosmic citric acid nor the antilions showed up, and the communes folded promptly once it became clear that passional attraction wasn’t up to the task of producing enough food, clothing, and other necessities for even the most devoted believers. At its peak in the 1820s, the movement unraveled thereafter, feeding erstwhile followers still eager for Utopia into other radical movements of the time. There was a brief attempt to revive Fourier’s ideas in the 1960s—something about his ideas, not to mention his prose style, seems to mesh well with the popular drugs of the time—but outside of that, he remains one of the forgotten ancestors of today’s Utopian beliefs.
The second problem according to Prof. Desiraju is the method of appointments followed by state universities. In his words: “In the more influential central institutions, appointments are often made incestuously, with students of a few senior researchers filling a disproportionately large number of vacancies, or with plain academic 'inbreeding'. A good dose of regional parochialism completes the picture.”
our souls are
I'm actually writing this in a German newspaper office, because I didn't bring the right kind of plug converter to use with my little portable computer. So I'm using a German keyboard, and the Z is where the Y should be and vice versa. You never realize how many Ys you use until you start seeing Zs all over the place.
Roger Gritts was raised in a troubled home in Harrogate. Both of his parents struggled with heroin addiction and struggled even harder to raise their seven accidental children. Being the youngest of the offspring, he frequently bore the brunt of his parent’s frustrations.
They always tried to return, just once more.
a small mystery
does things that make you wonder if he’s really being the best example. I know we all have our things we are working on but I’ve lost all respect for this assistant.
any chance I get to make something related to it, I am there baby!
Sid clipped the front bumper of the car beside them with what used to be the rear bumper of the Taurus, then crossed into the far right lane and plunged off the shoulder of the road.
The 2011-12 champions started the second period brightly after Gonzalo Higuain replaced Kaka and Xabi Alonso came in for Sahin, and they came close to the equaliser on 58 minutes. Marcelo’s cross-field delivery evaded the Granada defence and found Benzema on the right side of the box. The Frenchman took one touch to bring the ball under his control before smashing it towards the top corner from a narrow angle; a shot which Cesar was equal to, parrying the ball out for a corner.
453110 Florists
Hello on your journey through the Virtual Vegan Potluck. For the love of Indian food I have modified this Dal from one of my favorite dishes in The Everyday Happy Herbivore. In Sanskrit the word Dal means split which makes sense seeing as how the main ingredient in a dal is split lentils of any kind.This version of this recipe is packed with flavor but it is also subtle, smooth, and delicious. As my test taster said “You took me back to Dubai with this dish”. You can download the PDF of this recipe here: Spinach Sweet Potato Dal Recipe
going to be BIG SHOT!!!
Lovely nose of aromatic red and black fruit with a touch of oak spice, quite fresh and subtly lifted aromas.
Like every soap, the show was contingent upon secrets that would be revealed in seemingly endless two or three-character conversation scenes, but DS actually offered a payoff of sorts to these chat-filled encounters with the attacks by “cursed” characters and the weird incantations and rituals that became a part of the various storylines.
Mike Scott (vocals, guitars, piano)
There is still plenty of room for anyone who wants to join in!
Hate is your number one date
We will meet at 11am Saturday, June 4, during World Environment Week, in the parking lots west of Cootes Drive, in Zone "M"
- a can of crescent rolls
Ella celebrated her nine-month birthday on Thursday! I think of this as a landmark of her first year; not only is she 3/4 the way to turning one, but she now has spent just about the same amount of time on the "outside" as she did in the womb...crazy to think! And to make it even sweeter, she happened to be born on a Thursday, as well. :) Here's what she's been up to lately.
Making Connections: The learner will use their knowledge about the internet and make the connection that one can explore places in more ways than ever before possible. The learner will also make the connection that Web 2.0 tools especially those with 3D capability allow you experience places as if you were actually there. The learner will make connections with people, places, activities, customs and lifestyles to expand their knowledge of the world outside of their existing location. The learner will be able to plan their dream vacation prior to arrival to get the best experience possible. The learner will connect with other virtual or real travelers via social networking sites to share experiences using text, pictures and video.
To be honest, there is a horror in this movie that doesn't have as much to do with the scary scenes as it does with the human sense that, were we in this happenstance, we would become as distraught, as despondent and as despairing of our likelihood to recover as Milland's Doctor Xavier eventually became. And right there, during that final tent revival with the preacher and the parishioners all shouting and chanting, when Xavier commits an act that is both shocking and logical at the same time, we realize that this movie became something more than your typical Roger Corman drive-in fodder.
“We really don't have a problem that I think would result in something like that,” Christian said.
Cabinets are DONE! will show them soon.
I originally wrote this about 2 years ago, within the first week that I started blogging, but nobody read a word I wrote back then, except for my husband, my mother, and 2 friends. How about a little exposure, right??
I do not give one whether David Laws is gay, straight, asexual or transgender. I don't care if he's black, white, pink, northern or southern. What I care about is that someone who has seen the justifiable public outcry against the expenses MPs claim should then think it's okay that he gives £40000 to someone he is also giving one to.
~ Wrap all six in sexy dresses and tasty heels.
I'm officially completely against the ropes in terms in of both work and class submissions and have been pulling 16 hour days since Sunday. Let me tell you, it is no bueno and I don't like it one bit. But, unfortunately there is no end in sight until Friday... that's just how the cookie crumbles sometimes.
colors by percentages?! It helps you
Last evening though, I wondered if hubby and I had been conned the last few days; we definitely saw his personality emerging. First, one time outside when he went potty, he lifted his leg; that tells me we should have him neutered sooner than later. After dinner, hubby had to go to the golf course and Hunter always recognizes the garage door opening and the car. Well when it did, Hunter started to bark; we haven't heard him bark before so it was a total surprise. Later on he got really feisty. It is cute to watch him begin to feel secure and at home but made me realize that I need to walk him daily, if we aren't have play sessions with friends. A happy dog is an exercised one, is my motto. The coming days should be a hoot as his personality continues to emerge.
water as required
I want to make it clear though that being a respectful parent doesn't mean agreeing with or approving of everything your teen does: it just means accepting and not attempting to control what they do. Thus a parent that's strongly anti-drugs of all types might share all their opinions on the issue with their teens, give them information on why they believe what they do, etc. Yet despite that, they wouldn't ground, punish, or shame their teen if they came home high. In a mutually respectful relationship, teens are far more likely to genuinely take their parents opinions into account when deciding what they want to do, but teens are still their own complete and autonomous people, and will make the choices they deem best for themselves in the end.
As I rose, a red button was pushed.
My legs do exist.
I considered crown molding, but it breaks it up and I'm thinking it's more for a very tall ceiling... right?
He hesitated a moment. “What sort of important thing?”
Lynne gets up, tends to the scratches on her body and starts to go off to her ship, which is in a different direction.
“Since the world is again in the midst of an economic crisis, the arguments here are not without contemporary relevance, even if from today’s perspective it is a polemic where everybody is right. Summing up: recommended.” —A. Ezergailis, Choice
Lines. I’ve never people more willing to wait in lines. Weird. In fact, when I arrived I saw a huge line downstairs, no idea what they were waiting for, so I went upstairs and sat in a chair in an isolated part and tweeted about lines and as soon as I did that, a line started forming in front of me.
Trooper ended things between us. No big drama, no huge fight. He's still an amazing man, and I still care for him very, very much. I'm having trouble letting go, and even though we never said the "L-Word," I feel very heart-broken, and as though I lost the love of my life.
One sad note about my birthday is that was also the day we buried my dad, in 1989. I was 33 and it was one of the saddest days of my life. I was so lucky to have them that long. He had a bad heart. I’m truly surprised he didn’t die earlier. Living with my mom was disheartening……get it? Well, he was a funny guy. He would not want me to be sad.
Snow Snow Everywhere
One of the LSS near me went out a business a couple of years ago, so they sold off all of the left-over class kits. I bought a dozen or so of them while they were 90% off.
Two of the most watched pieces of litigation surrounding the District of Columbia's relatively new anti-SLAPP law could merge if Washington attorney and political strategist Lanny Davis gets his way.
In his broadcast to the nation, Mr Chamberlain spoke of his sadness that “the long struggle to win peace” had failed.
Wonderful Serimuka or we Kedahan call it pulut sekaya :)
I believe that something well done is 98% preparation and 2% perspiration. If my calculations are correct then, our Pilot Episode should be spectacular! I have spent the last three weeks doing so much behind the scene work to make this Podcast excellent, and it has finally come time to see if it pays off. I would equate our Pilot with a baby Horse, just birthed from its mother, and trying to find its footing and walk. It very well might sound a slight bit shaky, but soon enough it will be running through the fields at a gallop.
Almost.
“‘Don’t you want to join us?’ I was recently asked by an acquaintance when he ran across me alone after midnight in a coffeehouse that was already almost deserted. ‘No, I don’t,’ I said.” Franz Kafka
The Rec Room Film Series presents THE MEANING OF LIFE
16. Bad President! No Banana.
~ Thich Nhat Hanh
Money---yes money---the coffin was stuffed with money---but it wasn't real---you buy it in bundles with denominations from US dollars, British pounds, French francs--it's all photo copies. They actually remove the body from the coffin and fill it with "money", put him back in then pad it with "money"--give him some new wrapped clothes and a $2.00 watch and then cover him in in "money".
My mother-in-law's side.
FALLING SKIES focuses on the resilience of the survivors and their determination to maintain their humanity when all else has been destroyed. It is a tale of endurance, commitment and courage in which everyday people are called upon to become heroes. They may be outmatched, outnumbered and outgunned, but nothing can beat the human spirit. Most of all, the series is about the ties that bind people together in the most difficult of circumstances.
a. God
Based on last night alone, Casey should probably be going home, but I don't think it will be him. My guess is for Aaron, but then again, he could also have picked up all of Katie's voters, which would leave Tim as the guy left standing.
Wax Tailor – JC aka WAX TAILOR, musician, DJ, producer, composer, manager, indie attitude ;)
So let's recap: After less than two weeks, Girl Crazy was behind schedule
She thinks: We can't buy something for you every time we go to the store. She responds: No, put it down. She's satisfied with the lesson: You can't always get what you want .
Then I looked back up at him and said, "Because I knew."
Many residents of the O’fallon neighborhood live off of humble 12$ a day the equivalent of 3 gallons of gas in Missouri.
In place of the former Spring (old signage still up) , this modern little rotisserie serves up a simple menu composed of good quality products. This evening: roast chicken (the rare coucou de Rennes, no less), complemented by apples and roast potatoes in goose fat, and a mushroom salad with grenadines, followed by pears with honey, pear cake and pear compote with creme fraiche and chocolate. The idea is not to do another Spring, but rather a remote-controlled, Rose consulted menu that will appeal to neighbors (ie take out) as much as clued-up, jetsetting diners, with another chef behind the oven (leaving Rose to continue his other projects). The entire meal tonight was prepared by Daniel, who wasn't actually supposed to be there, and we counted ourselves as the lucky few, as this will not be a likely occurrence in the future. Again, this is not Spring II, but a simple place for a good meal, early or late, without spending a fortune. Menus are 29€ or 34€, whether you order a quarter or a half chicken.
Yesterday, I quit my job. Which is to say, I gave notice, and will finish in two weeks. This means my days will soon be freed up to do all the things I most want to do—productive, creative, challenging things that are rewarding for me but not considered of equal monetary value as the screwing around I have been doing in my highly-paid job. Leaving that job is in every way unconventional, reduces my security, and makes my life thoroughly unpredictable. But for now, that hard left feels good.
After living with this mish mash for over two years (eek!), I decided I needed to do something. Off I went to.... dum dum dum... wait for it..... wait for it...... almost..... okay, you guessed it... THE DOLLAR STORE (I seriously should have considered naming my blog "Dollar Store Design" or something like that, because, man, do I post a lot of dollar store stuff!).
When we travel, Betsy and I usually check to see if there are any waterfalls in the area to which we are travelling. We went to the Biltmore Estate in Asheville at the end of January, and searching the internet told us a waterfall in nearby Weaverville, North Carolina. So the morning after visiting Biltmore we travelled to Weaverville before heading home.
Eye makeup is kept to a minimum as it tends to settle into Cathy's deepening laugh lines: just lashes, a bit of liquid eyeliner, and pencil (which she also she uses for her brows; she refuses to pluck). A little oyster-white eye shadow on her brow bone completes the glamour-girl effect.
Andrew is a child of a very broken home with little hope on the horizon – his mom’s sick and dying, his dad’s out of work and abusive. He is a troubled teenager to the extreme, and when he gets his powers he does not magically turn over a new leaf. This movie is a really good portrayal of a main character that is not anyone we want to identify with or even really follow, but then the film does it anyway, and it turns out compelling and even arresting at times in its insanity. It’s a great character study of kids like Andrew who exist in plentitude in the real world – kids who have nothing and don’t seem to be on the planet for anything else other than to be punching bags for the karmic forces. It’s tragic, and the movie portrays Andrew’s darkest moments in that light almost as much as they are deplorable and disgusting. Mostly they’re all three.
Hesitancy broken with a cautious smile “Wishes?” she asked.
Some scholars claim that dried cakes and stewed prunes were considered prophylactic against the pox and used as prescriptions for syphilitics. But whatever the reason, most scholars who interest themselves in Ladies of the Night agree that a bowl of prunes was the trading sign of a brothel. In Wit’s Miserie, or the World’s Madnesse (1596), Thomas Lodge says of a bawd, "you shall know her dwelling by a dish of stewd pruins in the window, and two or three fleering wenches sit knitting or sewing in her shop.” And Shakespeare goes to town on prunes and brothels. In The Merry Wives of Windsor, Master Slender pleads lack of appetite for food and women, claiming sexual mishap has put him out of action: “I bruised my shin th' other day with playing at sword and dagger with a master of fence; three veneys for a dish of stewed prunes; and, by my troth, I cannot abide the smell of hot meat since.” And in Measure for Measure, a play which gleefully compromises attempts at astringent morality, Shakespeare gets right to it and relishes the visual pun between the creased, globular fruit and a pair of bollocks nestled in a certain kind of “dish” – Elbow’s wife is led into a brothel by her craving for prunes. Pompey explains to the law that she was “great with child, and longing,—saving your honour’s reverence,—for stewed prunes. Sir, we had but two in the house, which at that very distant time stood, as it were, in a fruit-dish, a dish of some three-pence; your honours have seen such dishes; they are not China dishes, but very good dishes.”
Obamacare is predicted to destroy the U.S. healthcare system, widely regarded as the best in the world, so one assumes he doesn’t care much for it either. So far, twenty-eight sovereign States have declared their opposition to Obamacare, but Obama does not care.
Still with me? Well I also thought you might like to see how I work. I've read a few posts by other bloggers who have shown their sketches/ drawing boards and I think it's interesting to see the process. Here's my messy notebook: anyone do something similar?
Funny how they are bringing up old bad things she supposedly did as reasons to get rid of her – reasons only brought up after this. I’ve seen such tactics used before, both in the news and in real life. :/
“Whatever anyone says about his performance in this film, to my mind he certainly looked the part,” notes Mandy. “And this image was already well known to blues fans: just look at the LP cover (The Mike Raven Blues Sampler). I think this is why they approached him. He certainly had never heard of the production company, or of Tom.”
‘But the hour is coming, and now is, when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth; for the Father is seeking such to worship Him. God is Spirit, and those who worship Him must worship in spirit and truth.’
The total mileage for this hike was just about 10 miles and all of us felt every bit of it. We all came through happy and healthy and ready to hike another day….
First, I am divorced. Yea! For those many of you out there going through the same thing (several of our blogging friends…) I assure you, you can get past the hurt. I did and have reached the “I’d never go back to that” stage.
Angie: North American Woods
Dies - Dienamic Star trio, Stampin Up Tiny Tags
For example, if you want a culture of integrity do not continue to employ people who clearly lack it just because, “they get results.” Doing so, only reinforces a culture of getting short term results by any means necessary.
Edit, 9/12/2007, comment from below incorporated into this post:
6 mushrooms
With small volumes the microbreweries can pay special attention to the raw materials going into their brews. The picture is from the Raasted Brewery stand at the Københavnske Øldage 2006. The brewery is an impressive little business run by a 24 year-old law student, already with a professional web site, yet with parents giving a helping hand at the stand. I tasted their Trippel Special Edition, made with "Westmalle yeast"- a beer that would make any Belgian brewer proud.
Diagnosis of Urinary Tract Infection
Rating: 4.3
In any case, there was one poem I really love, which makes the whole collection worthwhile: 'Hemmingway's hat'. It's a sort of genderbending poem about new love. No, it's more than that - it's about how we are the sum of various parts, of our histories. It ends with joy.
Calling my name, all night. I hear the howl of the wind and leave my bed. My fear escapes me and shows in my shadow. I walk down the stairs and peer out the window. Nothing.
The onslaught began in the second quarter, as Georgia scored 24 unanswered points to lead 34-0 at the half. To that point, Tech’s only brush at an offensive score came midway through the second quarter after a drive stalled and the Jackets attempted a 49 yard field goal. Attempted being the operative word here, as Boss Bailey flicked aside Luke Manget’s kick.
“We don’t need a picture book about plastic surgery. My Beautiful Mommy is the new book written to prepare kids for that magical day when Mommy comes home from the doctor and they don’t recognize her. Which is when Mommy should explain to the kids that after giving birth to them and nursing them, her mommy parts needed a little sprucing up. And since it’s their fault, it’s coming out of their college fund.”
When Legacy was put down this spring, I was angry, I was furious, I kicked and screamed at the world, completely unable to accept that this was his time. Now, I don’t feel that way. I know it was her time. She has had a good life. I am not angry. Just sad. And at the same time, I am honored to have known her. I am honored that I get to raise her wonderful foal.
Pale/Amber Ales
Us: "We're going to hang up and call again."
Tapper: poor Newt
Notice what else we are told about Jesus' appearance: "His eyes are like blazing fire" (Rev 19:12). Remember the description of the glorified Christ in Revelation 1? John describes someone "like a son of man" – someone of glory and majesty and strength and power. John told us, "his eyes were like blazing fire" (Rev 1:14). Remember, too, the opening words of the letter to the church in Thyatira?
Every year late in the spring family and friends are sharing their summer destinations. I LOVE nature, I miss the Blue Ridge mountains, Great Falls, Sky Meadow, The Great Gully adjacent grandpas farm, sailing on the Finger Lakes in upstate NY, trips to The Outer Banks with my Aunt, hiking to Bridal Veil Falls with my mother. It's such a joy to see all the our Father in Heaven created for us to see. I'm blessed to have lived a life so full to have been able to witness all these.
then she comes into my room
Besides standing my ground and knowing well enough, I've started praying that God helps me get over Jermaine. I really get this feeling that I just need the extra oomph to get past this spot. I know so much and have so much awareness; it just feels like something keeps getting tangled up on the inside, so I've decided to ask for help.
At Lawn Fawn, we love stamps that are truly one of a kind. All of our stamps feature original designs that have been created just for you; even our fonts have been customized to perfectly coordinate with each set. And to give you the best stamp experience possible, our stamps are
*Shared with permission
Fairytale Town and local organizations are spending the day promoting environmental awareness. Bring your kids so the whole family can learn about global warming, conservation and pollution. Kids can participate in all sorts of recycled hands-on art activities. "The Three Little Pigs" will be performed by the Puppet Art Theater with a conservation twist. Puppet show tickets are $1 for members and $2 for nonmembers. Children aged one and younger get in free. Showings will be held at 12:30 p.m., 1:30 p.m. and 2:30 p.m.
For those of you who live under a rock or just spend their time more productive and not on the internet, three weeks ago Invisible Children released a video called “Kony 2012,” raising awareness on the Lord’s Resistance Army and Joseph Kony. Joseph Kony has been abducting children and forcing to do things no child should ever have to do. They rape the girls and give guns to the boys, forcing them to kill their friends and families.
To my mind it’s a matter of choice. Some of the thirty-somethings these days are so concerned with their career in the City, commissions on deals that make them millions, the need to unwind on a skiing holiday mid-season, the latest SUV, that they don’t notice that their youth is slipping away. When grandparents used to advocate a ‘back-to-basics’ approach, a ‘breath of fresh air’, or a break from concentrating on the ‘almighty dollar’; they had no idea our culture would so soon become divorced from those concepts so radically; would be so far down the road to technological dependence that we no longer recognize the sound made by a robin in spring.
The late spring breeze off of the sea felt great against my face. Of course, anything mildly refreshing would seem as a paradise compared to the oppressing landscape and “weather” of Occipitus. As we approached, the approach to the city was easy to make and just as easy to walk through. It was pleasant to see a prime city again after our last adventure and I must admit, prime women are just as beautiful. The estate of Ashton’s was a large, expensive place and I must make a note to visit this place in the future. Upon entering, Ashton mentioned it was his family’s estate, though no servants came to great us nor carry our belongings. Clearly the estate has fallen to the side. I wonder where the master of the estate is?
Wilma's slow pace is costing us too much in marina fees, rental car days, and motel nights. When all is said and done, we'll have gone through more than a month's worth of cruising budget in order to spend this week on land. And I know we've been making the best decisions we could with the information that was available at each decision point, but it's pretty frustrating that we could have had another day or two in the Tortugas or Key West.
Some festival goers came along to the big day especially to see The Control.
When you sign this petition you give a voice to the voiceless. You offer your support to men and women who suffer from their childhoods. You provide an opportunity for healing, awareness and for your child and the child next door, prevention.
Jane Austen mastered the novel.
So please
Job Title:
Most kids have NORMAL hobbies as they're growing up. You know, like baseball or stamp collecting. Bryce's hobby? Cherry bombs. Yeah.
4. Rely on the power of the Holy Spirit to sustain you
*Note- I'm in no way an expert on Blogger or Wordpress so my info below could be off. If you see anything that is incorrect or that I may be forgetting, please let me know in the comments section!
Pyxis, Guardians and Shields...This story will blow your mind and make you read this book in one sitting!
Professor Penrose, though he is the premier mathematician of this age, will not be able to prove the existence of a time before the Big Bang.
“Scotland, 1745. Against the bloody background of the Battle of Culloden, another war waged and won-the price of honor, the victory, love.
of books,
A Brief History of Time
That is my “bizarre” and dangerous idea. And please remember, our parks and lawns are actually SAFER now than they were when we were kids. Crime is DOWN since the mid-’70s and all of the ’80s. (Here is an article about how crime is down, but perception of crime is up.)
I'm not going to ask either, but I really like that. Been redoing our family room with a beachy theme so this would be perfect!
Gregory: what can Obama say to Republicans
The Ghost of Harrenhal gave viewers the first major death of season two, while setting up the second half of the season, the episode only keeps you guessing as to what might happen next. Every TV show attempts to do this, but Game of Thrones does it best.
The last obvious point that could, in principle, constitute a weakness is the open nature of the Antifa recruitment process. Given the large numbers of people Antifa must attract to be at all effective, and given further the lack of any obvious mechanism whereby an infiltrator could impair Antifa’s ability to achieve its goals, we must assume that virtually anyone who wants to join any of the subgroups that combine to form Antifa as a whole is welcome provided they display a minimum level of commitment. This suggests that finding a way of making infiltration hurt Antifa could radically reduce its recruitment capabilities while hurting morale at the same time.
The first activity features a short clip from Saturday Night Live that you may have seen called “La Policía Mexicana.” By now the students have learned almost all the words in the video, and in the video they say “no sé” several times. It is also a pretty entertaining skit that pokes some fun at how Spanish classes typically operate. I am hoping the students will feel good about how much Spanish they know from the video. As an extension activity, I could have students make a similar skit on their own, or give them the outline of the original skit and have them change the details.
Before they
Now that I have discovered my love of cross stitch one again, and this beautiful person's blog, I have started digging out old pieces that either were started and not finished or else just not started at all. I found these older pieces of Aida cloth (sorry again for no "before" pictures. I get so dang excited about doing something, I don't even think about taking pictures until after all is said and done).
2. The first two sentences are a summary of the setting with some fun elements to set the tone. We have to know that the Academy is a school for spies or the rest of the cover copy won’t make sense.
Mark, his wife, and two friends went on a fishing trip on the friend’s yacht. They had two adventures on this yacht, but I want to focus on the second one. Mark and crew learn about a local woman who tends to sick animals, and her husband, a taxidermist. Mark goes to her to interview her for his magazine, while his wife goes to the taxidermist to stuff a fish that she had caught.
SCS had a great tutorial on this adorable card. I bought quite a bit of Valentine paper from the SU clearance rack and used it for these cards. I used a heart from our new Framelits to cut the Heart for the center!
Justified is a fabulous show, so much more than I ever thought it would be when I started watching it.
Hi Everyone, Welcome to a new week here at Come and Get It Challenges. Since it is the fifth week of the month here. We have an anything goes challenge. So we would love to see a card, scrapbook page, any 3d object or whatever you have to show us. Thanks for everyone's support and look forward to seeing your creations. Remember to link to your project not just your blog. Thanks again from the Design Team
So amidst all the unpacking we found “the perfect disguise” and a chicken puppet. The kids couldn’t resist and started singing the Chicken Boo theme song from the Animaniacs series and then posed(well some of them.) for the camera.
There I was, minding my own effing business when a liter (or possible two) of homeless man lung-butter pours out within ear-shot. Something happened when I heard it. I felt like the world started moving in slow motion. I turned, ever so slowly, already shuddering.
Athletes and Chef are "meeting" monthly via telephone conference call, going over expectations for both the trials and the WEG. Everyone is getting pumped!
17 Big Hits (On The Underground)
Many thanks to the author, Kate Hawkings!
So, although we had a shaky start, and emotional ups and downs, it was a beautiful day. Everything that happened, happened because it felt right, rather than because we were sticking to pre-made plans. And because the spanking had come about naturally, it was much more special and connecting than it might have been otherwise, and was about ‘us’, rather than about expectations.
JOKE - ' Whaddya' call three Cavan Sheep tied to a lamp post ? ' ... A LEASURE CENTRE !!!!!
And I hope you’ll always be, always be
I had difficulty sleeping, I woke up several times during the night and got up early this morning. But sometime today, at some stage a thought struck me.. They've been waiting for me to start asking... My mother.. telling me to go ask my aunt.. she said it earlier this year when we were all together, my Dad, Mom, my aunt.. she said she can't remember anything and that she doesn't want to.. and now again "I can't remember, if you want to know ask your aunt"... They've been waiting...
(The main inspiration for the space was their company logo)
Queen
Be neutral
Hopefully you can see that the mortgage lending process is not as indulgent (at least conforming conventional loans) as you might think. Yes, the risk assessment has always been in place and probably sometimes ignored in some cases. This was of course during the lenient subprime area which brought on the devastating results we now see.
While following others' blogs through the years, I would always get SO excited to see the ultrasound picture pop up in the blogroll when someone would announce their pregnancy. Now, it's our turn and I hope you are all as equally excited as we are! We got to tell my dad, stepdad and lots of friends last week while we were in Seattle. It was so wonderful to see the surprise, shock and joy on their faces.
In Ireland the wood is made into shillelaghs, or walking sticks. The wood also makes excellent firewood, and the thorns can be used as fishing bait or as awls by leather workers, they say, but best of all are the fruits: sloes.
Both of them echoed the same sentiment. Don't mess around. Call 9-1-1. So I did.
On that note, I know I have a TON of emails to respond to and will do my best in the coming days but am just trying to get my life organized while away from home.
These K&Co Glad Tidings papers are so pretty. I love the bright white and red with them too. The thing I like the most about the OSW, is that it gets my create juices going. I usually end up discovering something new to do for future cards. For example, the card I posted earlier "Christmas Poinsettia" was a result of working on these.
4. That Night (Oberg, Fredriksz, Reijnen, v. Heiningen) 5:15
They call him Snack Man.
This is not a Beauty Blender. I just couldn't see the point of spending almost $30 on a little piece of foam that I probably would end up hating. This is a no-name $0.99 version I got on Ebay. I got it months ago, but never used it. I stuck it my brush bucket, where it got shoved down between handles and annoyed me endlessly. I figured I'd better try it, before I ended up just chucking it. I was a skeptic, but I really like it. I spray it with face mist before I use it then blend away. I really like the pointed end for concealer as it gives a really natural finish.
Immigration Minister Jason Kenney said Mulcair and Rae are wrong.
I'm hanging on to the empties.
-Pour it in to the cake mould and bake for 1 1/2 hours - 1 3/4 hours.
Here’s the final result:
Lianhe Zaobao made a big ‘boo-boo’ by putting the wrong photo of Colonel Yau Thian Hock on its front page and website today in an article on Colonel Yau’s resignation as Chairman of National Day Parade 2012 organizing committee:
If even Burma and Malawi have permitted election observers, why is it that Malaysia refuses along with a whole lot of other basic measures to prevent election rigging?
Dream job in book publishing.
I have been recently using xylitol, a plant-derived sugar alcohol. It has a low Glycemic Index rating. It subs for sugar one to one. It doesn't have the gross aftertaste that stevia does. But there is controversy over it, nonetheless. First, it is highly processed to finally arrive at its crystalline/granulated state. Any amount of processing = loss of whatever nutrients may have populated the whole food. Second, many people complain of digestive issues such as IBS-like symptoms after consuming xylitol. We've never had that problem in our family. And supposedly the issue resolves itself if you start eating it in small amounts and increase your intake slowly. Just gotta get ye ol' digestive track acclimated, I suppose. A word to the wise about xylitol, though, is that most xylitol is corn derived which means - dun, dun, dun - hello lovely genetic modification. Boo. Luckily, we found Emerald Forest Xylitol, which is made right here in the USofA from birch trees rather than corn. Yay! On the downside (again), I don't think birch trees are considered a "whole food" for human consumption, so anything derived from them (especially in such a processed manner), already has one strike against it from the get go. Boo. So, I'm definitely still conflicted as to whether this is THE sweetener we should be substituting for sugar. I'm leaning toward "no".
Although mostly in their 60's many would have had years and probably decades still ahead of them, but instead they became the forgotten victims of a lie. And its a lie which is still being told.
Nothing horrifying has ever happened to me, but I did embarrass myself big time with Richard Price. I am a huge fan of his and have read everything he’s written. When he visited Powell’s, I wasn’t doing my blog yet and was just there as a fan. He seemed very nervous while he was reading. His knuckles were white where they grasped the lectern. He wasn’t happy with some of the audience questions about his books being made into movies either. I should have picked up on all this, but unfortunately I was too excited about meeting him to notice, except in retrospect. When I got to the signing table, he asked me a question, which I thought for some insane reason was, “Are you a writer?” I was like, Wow! He wants to talk about life and the world of writing, so I started rambling. At one point I even said, “I’m a writer and I’m working on a novel but it’s not going very well.” When I finally checked back into reality, I realized he was looking at me with what can only be described as supreme pity and then he said rather curtly, “Could you please just tell me what you want me to write in your book.” All he had wanted was my name so he could inscribe my book. He wrote something and I ran. Later, I saw he had written, “To Diane, You will find a writing job.” If I ever have the chance to
Grey long sleeved tee: Flower
A close relationship is putting strain on your sanity? For your own sake, and for the sake of others who are getting pissed off - end it now. Get back that positive outlook which you had up to just a few weeks ago.
Mix 250g plain flour, 75g caster sugar and 175g softened butter in a bowl to make breadcrumbs.
The Boers trekked around & by-passed the largest & densest Bantu population groups. The two largest Bantu groups the Xhosas & the Zulus were living in the eastern Cape & Natal. Members of these groups only arrived in the Transvaal after the discovery of gold.
I might not feel on top of it all, I might be keenly aware of all the ways I can do better, I might wish I could do more, I might feel like I’ve failed when things are left undone, but this weekend I’m feeling proud anyway. Watching my baby in those waters was pure bliss and whatever it took was worth it. The experiences she has already had and the ones I continue to plan are a gift of knowledge and understanding, and a sense of place that may one day radiate from the mirror in her gaze. This gift is important to me, to the earth, to a next generation and one day I hope it will be important to Zi.
The One S has tested better than the Note, the Droid 4 and the LG Spectrum in both Browsermark and Quadrant. Quadrant tests everything from the CPU to the memory to the graphics, and while all three of the aforementioned Android phones stayed well below the 3,000 mark, the One S scored an impressive 4,371.
Quest Level: 10+
I read it aloud to my kids (well, kid. Lucy's attention span was diverted to Silly Bandz or some shit. Not enough pics to keep her interested.). Nate, started to get disgruntled at first. "You shoulda put ME in there, right there where you said dad was a baseball fan!" Just wait, I told him, be patient.
“I don’t have a date Dada! And either way, the closing is just meant for the rich ones to bring their dates on the valentines day.”
Sometimes life in rural France can be perplexing. The approach to tasks, that I take for granted and presume require no explanation, can so easily be misconstrued here. I am not talking about language and vocabulary but about a mentality that is so totally foreign to my own. This is not a good or a bad thing, just different. I am smitten with all things French and have been for many years but sometimes my mind does a little flip when faced with 'French farmer logic'.
-$1 off Pampers Diapers or Pants,(P&G 07/31/11)
company co-owners Dimitri Komarov and Dmitry Liberman). After pulling
Somebody told me letting go is not easy
“That’s a shame.” He quickly replied. He went on to say that doctors needed to find some kind of way to fix blind people. He continued by telling me, his blind aunt, that being blind was such a sad thing to be in this world.
Someone please leave a comment and make me understand this trade.
GoogaMooga: Taking place in Prospect Park Brooklyn is a music and food festival created by the creators of Bonnaroo (one of the best if not the best summer music festival). Details are still in development, but it does include over 75 food vendors, 35 brewers, 30 winemakers and takes place during the days of May 19th and May 20th.
Send the photo on to Johnny, make sure he knew it was real. Ask for a bag of cash to keep it from the press and give him the phone in return.
To add EQ Three to a track, drag it from the Live Effects Browser to the title bar of the desired track(s).
“The fact that our father was a prominent, internationally known and widely respected physician – and his brother, who had introduced us to this LSD horror, was a prominent, internationally known and widely respected psychiatrist – made it impossible to expose them or go against them. Their reputations were more important to them than the health and well being of my sister.
Barney himself doesn’t think this is very likely. Ted saw the rose petals he spread out for Robin, but he didn’t hear the whole story of what happened after their one night stand. Barney insists that he’s over her and all he wants to do now is watch the tape. Lily and Marshall burst in, her encouraging him to watch it, because she said he eventually would, and him trying to stop it. Barney ends up smashing Ted’s VCR.
Because it is true and it must be said,
In the movie, Katniss is shown picking the flowers and placing them around Rue. Then she puts up a hand sign, one that had been shown by her people after she volunteered as tribute, rather than giving the expected applause. It seems to be a sign of solemn respect, one that recognizes that something is wrong with the way things are being done here. The movie cuts away to a scene of the people of District 11 watching her, giving the sign back, and then starting an open rebellion. This (I believe) is the foreshadowing of what will happen in the next installment. General Snow is pondering what to do with her, and this is when Haymitch pulls strings to persuade him to let her live.
1 Sheet of Graham Crackers(4 rectangles)
NA: When I listened to your album, the song “Wonderplace” really stuck. You seemed to make morbidity sound beautiful. Where did that come from?
Despite the fact that I have no idea where I'll be this fall, or this summer for that matter...
The Italian For Italians sketch is...okay. The audience laughter at Terry Jones' instructor saying he is from Gerard's Cross is something lost on me. As for the Italians taking the lesson, they're played a little broadly, pinstripe suit-wearing spivs divided by regionalist pride. Political correctness makes sketches like these age poorly, but at the time other sketch programs would often display national stereotypes and call it humor. The Pythons are in fact offering their own twist on this trope. They would do it again throughout the series, and frankly, the underlying point is much more obvious. It's amusing enough, but not a strong sketch. Thankfully, Terry Jones sits on a pig (porcine casualty number three in this episode - PETA would be pissed!), leading to the first cartoon.
Enjoy your weekend, my friends . . .
This time of year begs for the flavors of the region, and I plan to post recipes with an Israeli touch in the coming week. So for my first recipe of this series, I am adding one from Seattle! But what’s Seattle got to do with Israel, you must be wondering. Not a whole lot, except that I found a great recipe for slow cooked Moroccan Chicken, Apricot, and Chickpea Tagine on the wonderful Seattle Foodshed blog. I’ve been wanting to make this type of dish for a while, but most recipes require cooking the dish in a tagine, which is a traditional North African earthenware pot. I have resisted buying one as it’s big and takes up too much place. So when I saw this recipe, which not only didn’t require a tagine, but also called for the dish to be cooked in a slow cooker, I knew it was the one for me. And I wasn’t wrong! It was terrific.
It’s important that we keep the momentum going and we pass this bill this year. So we need all of your help. Everyone out there needs to focus on this. This is doable. It’s right there. But we’ve got to make it happen.
It was very easy to make and tasted very good. The whole family enjoyed it!
Worse, the yonanas site was not designed for a mobile phone screen. The web site is the same whether you’re visiting from your computer or your phone. Which made it almost impossible to experience the site properly with a mobile device. So if the advertiser’s intent was to get people to buy a yonanas machine in the store, I’d say they missed an opportunity.
She made me a CD of an old family video from 1988 showing everyone much younger and slimmer. I got misty looking at my father lifting his grand kids while my mother sat in the grass playing tea party with her two year old granddaughter. Now she is blind and my father can't walk without a walker and barely has strength to get up out of a chair. The most poignant was seeing my brother Mike again. It's been ten years since he's been gone. Being a television director, he mostly handled the camera as we barbecued hamburgers and hot dogs. I laughed when I saw the size of it perched on his shoulder. Man, would he love the small video recorders they have now. At one point the kids were watching t.v. and Stand By Me was playing and it was at the part of "Barf-a-rama." My family now watching the video laughs at the odd placement of the hilarious scene in our families documentry. Mike begins laughing as he records it and my mother is in the background saying "You're going to put that in the family video? Honestly!"
I turned to the only place I could. To some online acquaintances that Tim and I had known from our early spiritual/shamanistic/dream-time healing experiences. I didn't stay with them long, either, because some of their methods were those that were forceful and uninvited by myself... but there was this one guy, named Jack.
I haven't read Philip J. Riley's reconstruction of the picture -- honestly, I can't remember now whether it was the opportunity to buy it or the good sense that I lacked in 1987 -- but I have seen the Turner Classic Movies reconstruction, and there are major discrepancies between it and the story told by Marie Coolidge-Rask. In TCM's version, Hibbs is identified as Arthur, not Jeremiah (Jerry), and he's Sir James's nephew, not his secretary. (Variety's Mori says Hibbs is Roger Balfour's nephew, but that doesn't make sense and is probably a mistake on Mori's part.) Neither the TCM version nor the reviews mention the murder of Harry Balfour, or even his existence, although the illustration in the novel (see Chapter 2, "Another Mystery") suggests Harry must have been in there somewhere. (Oddly enough, in the caption Jules Cowles, who played Gallagher the chauffeur, is identified by his own name rather than his character's.)
Story wise, very good. Morally, EXCELLENT.
#90: Met new people at salsa party. These salsa dancin’ folks keep showing up in my blog, and that’s because there are so dang many of them, and they’re all such great people! I met a handful more at their most recent gathering, and befriended someone who is just as big a Queen and classic rock fan as I am. In fact, he was a roadie for Journey when he was a youngin’. JEALOUS MUCH.
Here's a father's reply.
Wake up. Morning devotions. Breakfast. Homeschool. Play. Lunch. Clean. Play. Snack. Dinner. Baths. Teeth. Bible. Bed.
“I can’t.” Benny repeated from behind eyes of white. “It’s a one-way-street,” a nervous smile ticked across Benny’s lips. Silently he prayed it would be explanation enough.
Blake is a very intriguing character. What part of Blake’s past did you enjoy writing the most?
Every picture tells a story – from this particular grassy knoll, it’s a crying shame that the story’s not been told here.
This will be my last post for 3 weeks or so as on Saturday I'm off to visit my elder son and his family in South Africa. If you look for White River on the map that's where my daughter and I will be staying. DH gets to stay home with B Baggins:)
“a report is published in American News Papers, which gave a big shock to Americans, that 40 year old Mr Moore had passed away in the night during a sleep. Everyone was there to homage him. Dead body of Moore was there in bed room.
Sting defeated Flair with a Scorpion Deathlock. Hogan and Immortal came out to try to distract Stinger, while Hogan gave Flair some brass knuckles, but it didn’t work because of a slow count, and Sting received his second wind. Mr. Anderson came out to help Sting and send Immortal back. Abyss was the only one not involved, and he walked back.
Britches full o Stitches
Here is a good article on the worlds predicament.
It was an awesome event - with local "models" walking down the runway with their four legged friends. The models are just local citizens who are committed to raising at least $5,000 to participate. The highest "earner" raised $41,000 for the Humane Society - INCREDIBLE!
for his Mardi Gras half marathon! I feel for him because our weekly forecast is rain, rain and more RAIN but he's a tough guy and he'll still rock that half...I'm sure of it :-)
When it come to showing the world what you’re good at, it is best to show everyone in a slightly different way to how everyone else is doing it. We decided not to go for white backdrop but an expensive rich looking “dark Cordovan”….ok ok its brown but brown doesn’t sound as classy
Here is the look:
“I saw the profile of you in The New Concord Times, “ said Kendra. “Very nice.”
A co-worker who has taken up running alerted me to a new 5K Race where you get chased by zombies called Run For Your Lives. Looks fun. Check out the video.
3. I did a marathon 3 days before I turned 40. I race-walked/powerwalked it in 5:52. It was a life goal - my dad was a marathoner, who died at age 55. It was also a tribute to him and I cried when I crossed the finish line, and my mom was there to put my medal around my neck.
For many, the idea of anti-Catholic bias is so antiquated that they aren’t impressed by this milestone. Either they don’t realize or they don’t care that the nativist riots, Know-nothing pary, burning of the Ursuline convent and “Irish Need Not Apply” are not that far in our rearview mirror. But Americans are great at re-inventing themselves, and we have reinvented ourself in this regard too. It’s OK to be an Irish Catholic now (we have other groups to hate).
This scarf comes with delivery confirmed , online trackable (in USPS) Turkish Post Airmail registered mail...
Although it was clear she wasn't interested, the poor kid couldn't get her out of his mind. To his surprise this love he had read so much about was no fun at all! Actually it was torture! He tried to ease his heart by writing poems in the popular Petrarchan style. Reams of juvenile poems, the ink all splattered with tears, failed to bring him relief. What use was it to write her poems when she wouldn't even speak to him?! Unable to hide his misery, or his poetry, his heartless friends teased him mercilessly. The following Christmas, her presence at the holiday masques offered them rich opportunities for his humiliation. Loving her, hating her, hating them, he did his best to conquer his heart, to suffer in silence. If this was what love was all about, he wished never to experience it again!
- Cleaned out the papers that were piling up on the dining room table.
After removing the screen, he was hoisted through the open window. He walked over to the door and unlocked it to the cheers of mom, me and my fellow officer. He felt the hero that day and I was happy to play my part.
All their shows (except Allegro) employed the Fourth Wall, and this created a dilemma when it came to solos, musical soliloquies. If a character is going to just stand there and tell us what he or she is feeling, how do you justify that in a naturalistic world with a Fourth Wall? You can call it an "interior monologue" but it still feels unnatural.
Chanel Fall/Winter 2010-2011: Well I don’t know about you, but I loved the Yeti suit (now you’re definitely going to look at that link right??)! I think it’s safe to say that Karl Lagerfeld really wants us to be warm this fall/winter. And to that, I say, WELL DONE, SIR! I’m always cold, it’s like a disease or something. I suffer greatly, beyond all telling. However, looking at these fuzzy, snuggly ensembles in Chanel’s famous tweed is almost enough to make my hands warm up. They feature dolmain sleeves, A-line dresses, and enough (fake) fur panels to heat up even me. And the fur boots! Love the length. Love the fact that boots are still hitting the knees and beyond. (This was also showcased in both Burberry Prorsum’s and Dior’s collections, with all those thigh-high boots.) Mr. Lagerfeld wants us to jingle and jangle too, I suppose, because he’s decked some of his ladies out with jewelry enough to glam the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree. That’s fine by me. I love using a statement necklace to add depth and colors to what might otherwise be a simple outfit.
I shall remember them!
A flat in Alicante, built to 67 square metres, also with three bedrooms, is available for only 27,600 euros, which includes a 72% reduction.
My husband gave me Martha Stewart's cookie cookbook for Christmas last year (a not-so-subtle hint!), so I've got a lot of recipes to try, but I'd love to know your favourites...
Each day is a day for each one of us to examine our own hearts – and if we are not in fellowship with God – then we should reconsider our priorities!
we are all well aware of the government’s hard stand against criticism of any form,
I also find myself observing others more, and realizing what a long way I've come in the past 5-10 years. It's a big chunk of time to think about, but I notice how times have changed and how I've aged when observing others. I watch young high-schoolers board the bus with their nonchalant "tough" demeanor and I wonder what they'll be thinking about when they come to my age. I'm not much older than they are, but the space between the teenage and young adult years is much wider than the space between the 20s and 30s.
I know I do it.
Psst: We've tried Carls jr and decided that we'd rather eat Mc Donalds ;p (based on our experience: the service is really slow and the burger is so-so, compared to other burgers from other brands/resto).
No longer should we have to ask whether or not a cinematic technique is allowed, but rather, what it produces. Why not have all the objects in a film evolve in this manner, or reflect aspects of the character? Why not change the objects in a film to reflect aspects of the action? We see some aspects of this in the manner in which directors since the begining of color film have coded some characters with a particular color of clothing, or matched the clothing of a character with that of an object in a room or aspect of a setting. Why not extract these tools and consider them all fair game? Whether or not we tie them to plot devices like time-travel or dreams is up to us, but we should acknowledge the power that mutating, multiple objects have on us today. In a time of iPhones and iPads, of objects that seem to feel and think, does it surprise us that our film-objects have become uncanny, multiple, powerful, labile?
Today’s crane flies have characteristically long legs and bodies and large, well-veined wings. These same features can also be seen in this 45-million-year-old crane fly fossilized in amber. The fact that this insect has preserved its same anatomy over 45 million years, with no change whatsoever, is a clear indication that it never evolved—and that it was created in possession of the same superior features it has now since it first came into existence on Earth.
The created religion draws immediate similarities to Islam, though it’s never specifically presented as a stand-in for Islam. However Ahmed shows the diversity of people and the followers of religion with differing versions of piety. Raseed is the classic pious, religious conservative who has been taught that suppressing one’s desires is key component of religious belief, which he channels into his notable battle skills. Adoulla heartily enjoys life’s pleasures such as good food and drink and has quite a sharp tongue – however, through his actions as ghul hunter and care for the wellbeing of people, Adoulla shows an equally pious belief. Other views from women and foreigners are also presented in an
My girlfriend and another friend went to check it out, but they both brought 15 points of models. I played a few rounds with my friend during the tourneys lunch break to show him the strings. He enjoyed it and loved the tourney, specially the fun environment all around, which is completely normal for Warmachine events compared to other games. My gf got there to see my last battle and after that the Cryx player offered to play a lil game against her “battlebox” 15 points (see pink Khador army in the gallery). Of course it was over in 2 rounds even with a scenario. The Cryx list was insane (for tourney of course) with eSkarre, Deathjack, Bane Thralls and some crazy ass solo. But the point was that she got to play with someone who isn’t me, and got her ass kicked by hated Cryx (and a great player… and a crazy ass list… and…) so I was a lot of fun either way.
drawers – proper ladies didn’t wear drawers, they were considered to be quite “fast” and racy
“We are doing the preparation for Penny’s swim and will check out the currents and conditions. Richard is from New York and Steve is from California; they’ve done several channel swims and races over the years, but have never done one here before. We’re going to check it out and make sure everything is safe,” said Ms Kelly.
This is perhaps a consequence of my aforementioned exposure to the twist ending, but at the same time the little knowledge I did have helped me to look at the narrative more critically. I loved the scene when Wander was confronted by, and then turned against, his tribesmen – I didn’t see that coming at all – but I was surprised that nearly every plot detail was only revealed during that moment.
Sometimes I think that I should give Nokia a second chance. But with the number of mobile phone manufacturers in the market today, does that make sense? If Nokia couldn’t manage to convince a customer like me who doesn’t care too much about technology, how will they convince the geeky youngsters of today? Unless they can manage to somehow stop the nosedive, things are surely going the Kodak way!
You know sometimes, when you go traveling and you hear all these different languages which kinda sound cool? It happens to me in my school sometimes.
Put flour and seasonings in a gallon sized ziploc baggie. Shake vigorously, until mixed. Pull out one or two pieces of chicken from the buttermilk marinade(depends on the size of the pieces, really. On Godzilla-Chicken, one is all I can do) and let excess liquid drain off. Put the chicken in the ziploc baggie, shake it all about till chicken is coated. Pull out of bag, shake off excess flour, and put on a rack over a cookie sheet (mess cleaning made easy). Once all chicken is floured, warm your oil. Note, I said AFTER it's all floured up. The flour will have time to kinda soak up the buttermilk and help keep your coating ON the chicken if you give it this time to rest. Plus, it's coming to room temperature, a good thing when working with hot oil. Get the temperature of your cooking medium to 325F. Some say 300, some say 350. For me, 350 is too hot, 300 not quite warm enough. When you add food to the oil, it will cool down the oil, and oil temperatures below 300 (as will happen if that's the temperature you start at) can leave the food excessively greasy. When the temperature is right, add the chicken to the pan. Put the dark meats (legs and thighs) in the middle, where it will be a bit hotter, and the light meats (breasts and wings) around the edges. Cook for 10 - 12 minutes until golden, flip and cook for another 10 - 12 minutes.
But no one knows how to celebrate women like those good old boys down in Georgia where, regardless of any medical complications, after 20 weeks a woman would be required to carry a pregnancy to term because really… women aren’t all that much different than farm animals.
A MELBOURNE CUP DITTY – 2010
7And when there had been much discussion, Peter got up and said to them, My brothers, you have knowledge that some time back it was God’s pleasure that by my mouth the good news might be given to the Gentiles so that they might have faith.
Just want to add a post to remind you about the special classes I teach. I am passionate about Cricut and support their products. I am also a beleiver in the Spotted Canary school, and teach the 4 week version of it. Please E mail me or leave a message for a complete listing of all my classes.
Here, for your dining and dancing pleasure, is the part of the CNN interview in which Rep. Boehner shows that too much instant tan spray can affect brain cells.
I have 18 more to go. I'm completely out of lace. Sheesh.
The site Etsy is a prime example of storeowners who have boasted sales because of Pinterest. Etsy is a virtual channel in which store owners can sell their own products on and it caters to creative, interesting and unique items.
Luke 18:1-8 ¶ And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint; Saying, There was in a city a judge, which feared not God, neither regarded man: And there was a widow in that city; and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary. And he would not for a while: but afterward he said within himself, Though I fear not God, nor regard man; Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me. And the Lord said, Hear what the unjust judge saith. And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them? I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?
Foreigners, new postal voters, procedures that limit transparency in voting and more have raised serious red flags about Malaysia’s electoral processes and the sad fact is that if elections are held in these circumstances, the victory would not be a genuine one. It would be a hollow mandate fabricated through manipulation.
Principles? As I wrote yesterday, under the heading "Integrity and Openness" (among Core Values), Forest City Enterprises states:
when he says thing like “I love your tongue.”
1 Thes 4:9 (Phi) …as regards brotherly love, you don’t need any written instructions. God himself is teaching you to love each other.
How to assist micro; small and medium entrepreneurs to grow and survive?
"What you t'ink of 'Fire?'"
When you arrive home after a day of work/ a round of errands/etc, you collect everything that isn’t one of those permanent car items and take it inside with you. It doesn’t matter if it’s an extra toy, a wad of trash, a half-drunk can of Pepsi. Take it in with you.
I don’t know anyone who likes tax increases, but having bad schools would cost our community a lot more than the $400/year per household if our school system collapses.
Promoting your book is hard and it takes time away from writing. You have to be disciplined about the time you spend on the web doing promotion and not let that cut too heavily into your writing. There are a few indie authors I have seen who have published one novel over a year ago and still have not produced new work because they are spending all their time promoting (as they admit). I think the adage that the best promotion is a new book is very true.
Nicole Kidman: Another pretty dress, although it does wash her out a little.
I am unwritten, can't read my mind, I'm undefined
“Ey, Maha! You laughing also!” Dada barked without preamble and jabbed at my book with his walking stick. Behind him Sameer jerked awake and Mummy and foi immediately fussed around him.
Light, sweet feminine fragrant awaits me at the bedroom door, enticing the will of my mind,
Sorry for not having a GREAT picture as most of my favorite blogs do but, we were hungry!
From: Mr. David McClean
In other words, less than half of CEOs now think that employment will go up in the next 6 months.
He is united and co-mingled with the Divine nature; he is raised to his first inheritance by this co-mingling, according to the Church hymn.
You can also easily share what you are reading on Facebook. You can either just share the title of the book and a comment or highlight a quote out of the book and share with a comment. Yes, this can help you show off your reading, but also think about the opportunities for sharing this with friends. Think of that book club you always wanted to get started but never had time for. You can now go on Facebook and have the discussion there. That way your friends won’t think you’re the only nerd on their friend list…
The main persons in the book is David, Ella, Socrates and Steve.
I miss her laugh and how much she truly cared most about everyone but herself.
Fresh basil, parsley or mint cut in chiffonade (ribbons)
4. Playing in miles of bubbles that mysteriously made their way into so many fountains courtesy of the Bubble Bandit Brigade.
I just wish there was someone else aside from the one person (Emily) that knows what it's like. It would make me feel much less alone. When does this stop sucking so much?
Reward and recognition is a feedback process; for teachers, a quality feedback process is as much about students reflecting on information as it is about students receiving it. The same holds for leaders. As teachers and leaders we want to recognize high performance. Recognition as feedback can be applied by the leader, by the teacher, and by student peers.
1 property
Lunch Home stuffed peppers and salad
I used the Font from Cricut Craftroom Basic and cut at a height of 2.639. I then cut 2 of the cute toppers from Cupcake Wrappers. I absolutely love the star topper and think it will be awesome on a cupcake. I cut it at 3.472 x 3.125. Then I saw the flowers and thought how cute would those be with a sucker in the center. The picture really doesn't show them very well I cut the flowers at 4.903 x 2.542 and the size is perfect DumDum suckers.
Girls Secrets Personalized Journal $8.99
Sarah gave me the excerpt back with her typed-out notes to take with me when we were done. Then she sat back in her chair and said, “So…what happens next?” I spent a good 20 minutes or so going over everything that happens in the book, after which she asked detailed questions about different character motivations, how hierarchy in the alternate world was established, what the weather is like there, how time works between the two, etc. The funny thing is, I haven’t looked back at Ellie since I wrote its first draft in November 2011. But as we talked about it, everything came rushing back to me, and I was answering her questions with the knowledge of the story that is in my head. Now, whether that is all evident in the book, or not, remains to be seen. But as I shook her hand and left, I felt pleased with and excited about the story again. It’s back in my mind, and now I have both the bare bones of a first draft to work with, as well as the overall tips I received from my conference with Sarah to help me move through the editing and revising process. There is something important I think I need to write first, but Ellie is definitely still in there. Maybe now she stands a good chance of being seen in print one day soon, as well!
The first two seasons were marked by the outstanding acting of Robert Sheehan, who plays Nathan Young, a teen without a single filter in himself. The first 14 episodes are highlighted by his unexpected humor in situations that, in real life, should not be in the least bit funny. On top of his colorful character, every probation officer that comes to work with them dies. Despite their ongoing attempts to finish their probation and prevent their probation officers from dying, external complications always finish off their supervisor.
The woodwork in the rooms is interesting, the tree house concept sort of faery-like, but in the end the consensus was that the place is way overpriced at R750 per person, dinner and breakfast included. The folk running it are friendly and engaging, but are clearly in need of some professionalism.
There are moments when this novel comes back to haunt me in a pleasant sort of way. The characters are still alive inside my mind and I remember their tragic beauty with great fondness. I also still love how it feels like it has a supernatural current in its depths, but it’s not at all a
born: April 4, 1952
Now the boot is on the other foot.
The move effectively doubles the number of prosecutors in the office handling terrorism cases as it prepares for the trial of the self-described mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, and four other former Guantánamo Bay detainees. It is a major undertaking that will unquestionably prove to be a significant draw on the unit’s resources…
I found a couple of bonus images you are welcome to use if you desire- if so, just leave your link in a comment to this post or link up to the CURRENT CHALLENGE! Either way is just fine!
Thank you so much for sharing your very important information.
1 awake
But praise and honor of a politician who denies an overwhelmingly attested genocide, that is even heavier.
Iván Meade - Who or what has influenced your style aside from nature itself?
Iva Handfull
Butter for baking dish
3oz package chocolate pudding mix
10. I’ll bet he/she has a special talent. You know like in ‘Rain Man’.
I would like to try and compare the new Motorola’s, like the H15 or the H780 to see how they perform. I answer 800 number toll-free lines during the day on my cell phone even when I am not at my desk so the quality of the headset sound and comfort are most important to me, not price.
The event, organised by the Greater Manchester Muslim Police Association, was held at Sedgley Park police training school in Prestwich this week. Speeches outlining the significance of the religious festival and the contribution of Muslim officers to the police force were made before invited guests were asked to share in a traditional meal of dates followed by a selection of Asian dishes. Ramadan prayers were also observed.
Next, get yourself a decent rod and reel. Don’t spend $500 on a reel and $600 on a rod because you don’t even know how the *$&# to use it, do you? You think casting 40 feet is great and who needs to know how to mend anyway. Well I’ve got news for you, moron. You can’t even begin to THINK about learning How to Fly Fish Like a Pro without swimming upstream. Forget that high dollar stuff. As a matter of fact, what you should do is find some dude building rods that LOVES to build rods and see what he can get you for $200 or less. Sage won’t miss your money and you won’t break a rod and have to weep your little eyes out about it.
It’s one thing to ask for a $25, $50 or $100 donation, but to ask for farmland, crops, IRAs and more!?! This kind of target marketing isn’t just disgusting, it is simply outrageous!
Education Safety Association of Ontario
I loved that smell...!
EXAMPLES: See if you don’t find each second version more compelling.
Now its time to assemble your enchiladas!
The City of Edmonton website has a very big section on Garbage and Recycling, including info on how to compost, recycle grass and leaves from your yard, where to find Eco Stations, a recycling info page, and information on garbage collection. The following paragraph will go into detail about some of these services; the URL for all of this is http://www.edmonton.ca/for_residents/garbage-recycling.aspx.
Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier from Brauerei Heller Bamberg was the first Rauchbier I ever tried about four or five years ago, so I was keen to revisit it. Even taking a sniff of the bottle after opening it told me this was going to be a more smokey experience. Pouring a deep ruddy brown, like well polished mahogony, it even looks smokey. The power of suggestion! The aroma isn't really as in-your-face as I recalled, but there was no mistaking that smoked ham-like tone. And to me, that's exactly what this beer tastes like. There are toffee-like flavours lurking underneath it all, but that sweet smoke dominates. The whole thing is drier than the Special offering, and this makes it a cleaner beer and easier to drink for it. I had been worried I'd find the smoke overpowering, but my memories had clearly amplified it. As it was, I found the smoke sweet and very enjoyable.
One of the problems with young evangelicals that I have noticed, is an easily-offended sensibility. Kids from evangelical and/or home-schooled backgrounds (and due to Bob Jones University, a home-schooler hub, we have a PARCEL of them represented locally, so I know whereof I speak) have been raised in a sequestered environment. They are not allowed to watch TV at BJU, for example; similarly, lots of the home-schooled kids have been extremely overprotected. When they get out into the real world, it can be overwhelming and confusing.
________________________________________________________________________________________
sound transcendental. "Well, not all of their songs are so trivial
Good luck to everyone!! To begin ... take a good look at these photos:
Ric Crouch, Sunday School Director
So for thank you card it was appropriate to use the same theme. I went on line to see what this bird looked like and saw some samples of cards made
On the far side of the room were three doors and it was towards the one on the right hand side that Elysia and Gullhar made their way. Just as they got to it, it opened and out stepped two burly half-orc fighters. Elysia told them that they had come for the crystal, only to be informed that it was quite safe and in no danger from any interfering adventurers. Elysia promptly slept them; Ferros killed them and dumped their bodies into the stream.
Tell us what you thought of the recipe. Any suggestions? Please comment below!
So anyway, I love the whole candy, roses, and love idea. One thing though. Your supposed to show people you love that you love them every day. So why did they make a holiday about it? It should be V-Day everyday!
Busy-ness over the last few weeks means i haven’t had my zumba fix. So today being the first chance to do so, i hurried down to the local village hall and got gyrating. Glorious!
Hey, calling it your job, ol’ hoss, sure don’t make it right
Kill the Boer, before Sunday
Apollyon or Apollo – To the Greeks, he was a well-loved god arguably most famous for the interpretation of his prophecies by the Sybils of Delphi. It is highly significant that John specified the Greek god Apollo as the same entity who will also bring widespread fear, terror, pain and destruction. If little else, does this admission in the Revelations indicate how interconnected through shared mythology all of these religions really are? What we can surmise is that the newly made religions of Judaism and its offshoots rewarded at least one Greek god the status of an incredibly powerful angel or demon and claimed it to be the same entity which held a similar position within their doctrine. Also note that this is the only god who kept the same name in the transference from Greek to Roman gods… both call him Apollo.
So I cave, cause I am fucking whooped! and I write back "I want to lick your pussy."
Brodsky said that, because he lumped the cost of the $3.5 billion #7 line extension into the costs for West Side development, he calculated some $4 billion in public support.
So...let her go? In pain? Maybe a lot of pain? Or put two more grand on my credit card - because in no way can I pay this outright - so it can happily join the car repair debt from a month ago? For a cat that is - despite being fairly spry - OLD?
Like a strong woman and a visibly female…
Reunited with "The Kid," Mallory and Joan are almost goners, but it all works out in THE END! Double Bonus, "The Key" and "Tower Of London" are on a double feature Boris Karloff DVD that is available on Netflix!! It's a no brainer!!
What an overture to literature! What a resounding tribute! You'll never quite make it to the heady heights of kicking a ball around a field, writers - but cheer yourself on the hope that maybe you can be ... a role model?
Alright. That was just atrocious. I can’t even get myself to read what I wrote. Basically, it’s a paragraph about software and audio piracy. The point is almost lost on me; this is part of an essay on the importance of advertising.
The point I’m trying to make here is that we can’t rely on the government or Corporate America to guarantee us any kind of work. It’s the kind you create for yourself that will guarantee financial stability and prosperity, it’s free enterprise that is going to put this country back on its feet. Now we just need to spread the word- who’s with me?
90 PERCENT DROP IN THE PRICE OF SHIPPING
Romantic novel? No. Romance novel is a category. Romantic novel is a novel blowing kisses off the shelf.
Kaelyn- She is very smart. She is always showing and telling me things that she has learned. Her vocabulary is pretty big for only being two. She sometimes acts much older then she is, but is quick to remind you she is only two. She is starting to learn the concepts of choices. Her mom always gives her choices and she loves it. Even though it may not matter which choice she makes it's very important to know that you have that power.
So, now you're humming the tune, right? and wondering (because this IS a pg post), what's the hook?
So this is the shark tank and right over the top of the rope guard is open water. There was maybe 2 feet between the rope and the tank. If you wanted you could put your hand in the tank.....crazy, nuts!!
When I first arrived in Bangladesh, Shah was head of Grameen Bank’s audio-visual unit, and later became the longest-serving zonal manager in the bank’s history. (A zonal manager is the most senior field-based position in Grameen Bank’s structure.) Some years after that, he served as a senior technical consultant for Grameen Foundation in the Dominican Republic, where he did a great job and picked up some Spanish (which he has continued to perfect in his new role).
I’m not talking about religion; I’m talking about connection. Dream-Stealing is kind of like using the realized dream–the evidence that this thing can be done–from someone who’s in fact done the thing. Premise: this has been done by X, therefore, if X can do it, then so can I. Conclusion: I can do this. Mantra? (Yes, we all need a mantra when going about the dream realization business) Mantra: I will do this!
Blessings to you and yours,
Zest of 1 lemon, juice of half a lemon
I’ve been frolicking in foreign lands, but made sure I returned in time to catch the Auckland Writers and Readers Festival. As always, between sessions the foyer was packed (I later found out that attendance was up 21 percent from last year) and there were queues in front of the bookstore, the signing table and the coffee karts. Everywhere people were talking excitedly about what they’d just seen, or were about to see.
She has a point. I probably wouldn't, and want her to change things, or not say them at all.
badly.
The old covenant is characterized as that which is written on stones, whose ministry condemns and kills; the new covenant is that written in hearts, whose ministry is spiritual, makes alive, and produces righteousness. Not that the old covenant wasn’t glorious. Indeed, it was. But, as the light of a candle pales in comparison to the light of the Sun, so the glory of the old was negligible and transitory compared to the glory of the new. Note again the idea of transcendence.
Murmuring groups going into quiet rooms: you see this all over Scotland in 2011. People (I am not thinking of the exemplary Ms McMillan) who used to be stridently pro-union suddenly became pro-nat when they saw the nationalist gravy trains heading into the stations.
Award-winning author Antonia Michaelis moves in a bold new direction with her latest novel: a dark, haunting, contemporary story that is part mystery, part romance, and part melodrama.
In the House, GOP leaders herald their chances of winning majority control this fall for the first time in more than 80 years. Democrats now hold a 59-41 majority.
An Interview with Buster Grant. Buster is the Chairman of the Association of Welsh Independent Brewers as well as brewer at Breconshire Brewery. It was talking with him whilst down at the GWBCF that the thought of a specific Welsh beer festival first formed. He'll be talking about the history of brewing in Wales and what the future may have in store for us.
‘He’s not comfortable with individuals giving large amounts. He wants a wider base of people giving smaller amounts,’ said a party official at the time.
Looking back, she can see how she put common sense to one side as she tried to fit in with the other students.
So the charts for the United Kingdom show Vancouver based Radical Entertainment has created an international hit. The game opened to a less sales then the initial Prototype but it had more then enough Oomph to topple the leader Witcher 2.
The study proposes the use of game-based interventions to improve patent management (awareness, collaboration, strategy). A very interesting and welcome contribution to IP management in a undervalued area of academic research in Europe.
So long since I turned the key,
On one hand, this position would look great on my resume. I’d be an editor and would also supervise freelance writers. Did I also mention that the office is literally right down the street from the beach?
This is how we get the bigger picture.
That same day a 46-year-old Afrikaner was shot through his bedroom window as he slept at his farm near Potchefstroom. A few days later a 61-year-old was stabbed to death in his bed at a farm in Limpopo.
Now Sid was still a youngster so was fussed over by his mother and his aunts constantly; Chicken Supreme watched him from a distance, aware that one day, (in the not too distant future) this scruffy looking fellow with a lopsided comb and too-long wattles would challenge him. He had already started to throw back his head and make a silly noise which sometimes ended up being a strangled crow.
I could see all sorts of Tempranillo characters in this wine, but it did not feel Spanish. I cannot help feeling it has more in common with the structure of a Tempranillo / Tinto Roriz from the Douro.
So there are only a few people dumb enough to believe the Romney won’t be the nominee (most of them are a mentally impaired bunch of Communist Italian stock…Santor-something or other)
(wikipedia.com)
“The Mole was bewitched, entranced, fascinated. By the side of the river he trotted as one trots, when very small, by the side of a man who holds one spell-bound by exciting stories; and when tired at last, he sat on the bank, while the river still chattered on to him, a babbling procession of the best stories in the world, sent from the heart of the earth to be told at last to the insatiable sea.” - Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows, Ch. 1
(A note on the respondents who sold their first books without an agent: Given the reluctance of the larger houses to deal with unagented authors, the fact that nearly half the respondents had no agent surprises me. However, many respondents appear to have been children's picture book writers, which is one of the markets in which it's more feasible to go agentless, even with the bigger publishers. Also, the numbers may be skewed by when the writers sold their books--before the 1990's, the big houses were still relatively open to unagented writers--or to whom, since smaller publishers are more likely to be willing to work directly with authors.)
The other rishis and wives gathered round and started faulting Gautama. The astonished Gautama called Ahalya and spoke sadly. “Oh Devi! What happened here and how? The Supreme Lord (Paramesvara – Siva) is angry with us. What should we do now? And where should we go? A killing has come upon us”.
So obviously the Russian River Salvation is a brown ale, because the combined product is much darker. As is usual for my taste in Belgians, I preferred the golden straight up, but nonetheless, the mixed Collaboration was still might tasty, especially after I let it warm up a bit. Both are highly recommended, and if I ever get out to California again, I'll definitely sample the Russian River.
They have no lot in our labor of the daytime;
Once he was better, he carried on with the programme of getting wells dug, to bring fresh and clean water to outlying areas. Unfortunately, he had to drink the local water in the meantime, he caught cholera and he died. In the attic, we've got the series of telegrams telling his mother of his illness, finishing with the black-bordered envelope. There is also a scrapbook of press cuttings, including the ones of his funeral. A colleague of my stepfather went to the cemetery in Nairobi and found his memorial some years ago, don't know if it still exists.
I was a little confused with the fact that the book jumped through time a lot, and wasn’t always chronological, but as I kept reading on, I realized that it made sense, since nothing about these characters was chronological or orderly. I was even quickly intrigued with Bailey’s character, and related to him the most, as he saw the circus from the outside, and desperately wanted in. Readers were exposed to both the details of the circus, as well as its intrigue to outsiders, and even to the rêveurs. That, coupled with the fact that this circus was unlike any other I’ve ever read about, made the reading experience unique and unforgettable.
"...and the Light shone in the darkness, and the darkness could not overcome it." (John 1:5)
I can’t say this happens with every series I read. Clearly, I have loved Vampire Diaries enough to read all this time–even including the books LJ did not write (That may kill my love, though. We’ll see. I’m a little behind on them). And let me tell you, Vampire Academy! I love this series. There’s been a huge gap between reading the first one last summer and the second one over Christmas break and the third one coming into my possession very soon but, nevertheless, they have gotten better and more enthralling with every page. I may have been bad and not been able to handle not knowing and Wikipedia-ed the whole series so I know what happens. However, it only made me more excited to finish the series (Plus, there’s a page on Facebook pulling for Taylor Kitsch to play Dimitri. He would make a fabulous one in the movie and I am all for it. But, heck, I’ll see anything that boy is in. Battleship, here I come).
The boat that won’t sink
Voici le tutoriel de la semaine. Je vous ai préparé une carte avec une belle fleur à motifs superposés (photos à la fin de ce billet).
Now, readers familiar with the basic algorithm of evolution will notice that this picture leaves out an important element: variation. Over the course of the next post or two, I want to turn to the other functions and seek out where variation enters into this picture.
That moment of being
Kohlrabi
Each Monday, Grammar Monkeys will offer grammar tips in a podcast. The first post is about “lay” versus “lie.” Give it a listen.
· They believe that ALL local churches must be under the authority of a regional or trans-local apostle
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to introduce.....Super Toilet! You may not be able to tell from this photo, but THIS...this is the world's MOST amazing toilet seat. First of all, it's heated. Ahhhh. And soft. And what's that? Why it's a remote control bidet with heat, pulsating front and/or back spray and a dryer! Yes that right. Close your eyes and think of Paris my friends.
Amy: We're gonna put cameras in your station...
For the first time in two years and five months he was going to spend the evening somewhere else besides Karolinska Hospital. His anger at Anna’s betrayal would not let him go, and by God he would show her. She could lie there all alone and wonder where he was. Tomorrow he would tell her that he had been at the pub having a good time. Then she’d regret it, realise that she could actually lose him.
If you don't want to play along to win, but you like what you see and want it NOW, click the blinkie to the right for $10 off My Memories Suite and use the code below the blinkie. Using that code will also give you a $10 off coupon for downloads, so that's $20 in savings. Pretty good deal.
Why I'm seeing ugly politicos looking at me?
I gotta add this:
Used a quilted liner I bought at Hobby Lobby, some bias tape (ugh), some jumbo Ric Rac and finished it off with a little orange crochet flower. Love how it turned out.
Shovel
Sam didn't remember moving to Salem, and for the first six or so years of their parents' divorce, Mum had visited them once a month. Her visits had been woven into the fabric of their lives, unquestioned, like how you get up, eat breakfast and head out to school every day. But then she came once every two months, then once every three. This year, she'd only visited them once, and here it was August. They'd never visited her.
Most of my closest friends in high school were my classmates since the first grade! It really pays off to have studied in one school for 10 years. I got to keep a solid set of sisters and nothing much has changed over the years, well, except for our different career paths. But other than that, we're basically the same old crazy-ass girls who kicked and fought our way through elementary and high school life together. :)
BoBunny Alissa Collection
Natural gas is hailed by many as being the cleanest fossil fuel as it produces less carbon dioxide than either coal or oil. The gas can also be found in an abundance with resevoirs of natural gas deep underground in many locations in both Britain and Ireland, as well as the United States where a lot of the controversies have arisen from.
sunny gets up and it flies off
Violet xx
Category 1~Any EvaDress pattern garment project that you have only thought about doing, but never took on. When you submit in this category, tell us why you only dreamed about doing the project and never made it. For example, perhaps your technical or pattern grading skills just weren't there yet.
But it's where the transparency agenda is headed. Smart companies can jump on board, or risk ending up like Goldman Sachs: increasingly despised to the point where politicians will make life difficult for them because it will be expedient to do so.
Discouragement. It rears its head so often in our lives. If currently have breath in your lungs it’s safe to say (if you’re not already) that you will face a storm of life. What’s a storm of life? It could be financial, health, loss. With life it’s a given that there are going to be valleys. The question is not will I have to battle discouragement, it’s when.
I am so glad I got this done. I hope some of you can use this. Just a reminder that I have a chance for you to get free April Math Centers on my previous post. Make sure to check back on Thursday because there might be a little surprise for everyone!
"CAN I HELP WITH DINNER?"
Optional: Serve it with a creamy gorgonzola sauce. Suggested
This is me just before we left - I've rubbed out the grim office from the background - magazine offices are much closer to The Office than they are to the Devil Wears Prada. One shoulder has a beautiful gold clasp, and the other is designed to drape - I wanted it slightly off the shoulder, so I stuck it in place with some tit tape (I'm sure there's a more elegant word for it - but you know what I mean).
As evidence of this change, Rive said that after 40 percent growth in this recessionary year, he expects Solarcity’s business to grow by 250 percent next year. This despite his belief that reduction in solar rebates will swallow any efficiency-led decreases in price.
Here's another thing - with stuff like paralyzed, we're dealing more in describing what happens rather than trying to make everything mechanical. So paralyzed says that you can' t move your limbs. Spellcasting specifies that you need to move your arms to cast a spell. Thus, a paralyzed creature can't cast
Simple Asian Eggplant – serves 4-6 (depending on other side dish sizes)
He also worked with Lacho Rivero in carnavales, and even worked as a music therapist in a psychiatric hospital.
peaked to your will.
A biography of Dr. Muschik indicates that he’s a nice enough guy. He’s board-certified and licensed in South Carolina, a reassuring thing except for the South Carolina part. He was trained at the National University of Health Sciences in Illinois in the treatment and rehabilitation of physical injuries and advanced neurological diseases, as well as back and neck pain. He’s certified in CPR (in other words, he can press down on the front of your chest as well as on the back), he teaches youth coaches tactics in sports injury prevention, and is the official chiropractor for the Winthrop University soccer team. He is “consistently active within the community,” perhaps more than you can say about his hobbled patients whose activity levels are more subdued.
I am beginning the logistical nightmare of The Move but I will have help. The absolute best part is my husband's company pays for the movers to pack the house for us. We've had it done many times and it is awesome. They come in like a swarm of bees and in 2 days have your entire house packed. He seriously told me this time we should pack ourselves. I seriously told him I didn't think so!
Meanwhile, Dad was busy on the coop! Here are some pics I was able to get this morning on the progress he has made.
I have found that most of the items overlap daily, meaning that they will be available for 2 days - in case you forget:)
They are too lazy to deal with the messiness of finding the right people on the ground all over the world. It's much easier to just hire a "global" agency and let them worry about it. So they suspend disbelief and buy into the fiction (which creates gales of laughter in anyone who has ever worked at a global agency) about the "integrated worldwide capabilities" of these agencies.
Wilder would go on to play a pivotal role in Depeche Mode's development, crafting and arranging Martin Gore's songs to create something more substantial than the slightly shiny, brittle, metronomic synthpop which had characterised the band's sound beforehand (some of the more experimental moments on "A Broken Frame" aside). Many fans believe that the bolder, almost symphonic sweeps found on albums like "Black Celebration" and "Music for the Masses" owe a great deal to him. If, however, he had any similar ambitions in The Hitmen, it's not obvious from their output. Of their previous single "Ouija", a music critic was (somewhat prophetically) moved to comment: "The winning thing about the Depeche Mode single (and their last, and Soft Cell's) is its simple enthusiasm, its complete lack of cynicism. The Hitmen are so calculating - even down to the clever, clever name - it's unbearable; the only remotely comforting thing about all this is that they haven't a dog's chance of ever getting a hit." Slightly harsh, perhaps, but still not terribly far off the mark. The follow-up "I Still Remember It" would, despite its hopeful title, fail to grab the attention of many. It's unobjectionable and sounds passable, but there's a clear lack of identity apparent and nothing to set the band apart from the numerous other pub rock bands gigging at the time. It's refreshing and punchy, but is a bit too simplistic and clean to leave a lasting impression or create a desire to hit the "play" button one more time.
The advent of inexpensive Japanese 4-cylinder machines only a few years after the introduction of the Mammut meant that sales were based on bespoke build quality, excellent handling, exclusivity, and charisma in spades - all of which the mass-produced motorcycles lacked. The Japanese 4s did have power though, and to keep ahead, Munch regularly tuned his engines to higher outputs, eventually turbocharging the fuel-injected motor with the 'Titan' model. I'd be interested to try one of them too!
"Whatever you had planned, can be put off! I'm going to take care of dinner tonight!" he starts. "I've got to be in Philly today, at the Convention center which means I'll be right next to the the Market*. How about I pick up some sausage & fish for dinner? I'll throw it on the grill. We can have a nice meal. What do you think?"
A harsh reality in querying is that you have but a few pages to grip the agent with your opening. Sometimes you have less, only a few paragraphs to captivate your audience. This may seem severe, but if you go to buy a book, and the first few pages leave you yawning or confused as to what the story is about, are you really going to purchase it?
- Very refreshing to see some of these young, upstart teams overtaking the old guard thus far in the Stanley Cup Playoffs. I really like Nashville a lot, and also the L.A. Kings. Tons of very young, disciplined, and talented players.
And chase the creamy darkness back
So the big issue facing next gen is development costs and profits. This week I have been following ways to deal with these issues. In this article I am looking at used sales, used sales are driving retail costs higher. Now I’ve looked at two ways of curbing used sales, but all methods to curb used sales by publishers would hurt them. Retailers would retaliate hard. But what if it was the retailer themselves that solved the issue?
This is the final list I’m going to post of great books to give this holiday season. You can't give more enchantment for less. The Fiction Writers Co-Op—53 authors of distinguished, award-winning, and best-selling fiction—recommend:
I'm tired of hearing the word accident. I wouldn't call it an on-purpose but a lot of them certainly seem preventable.
So in fact the guitar was a way of getting away from all that stuffy academic stuff…
I could not show favoritism, even if I had a favorite. If I did, the toy would get revenge. Even if that meant I'd smother under 50lbs of plush dread, I could not leave anyone on the floor. The one I left out of my protective circle on the bed would end up being the one that snapped.
An example of this was recently detailed by the Guardian’s Claire Provost in an article regarding Sierra Leone. Claire described a deal in which Belgian Investment Company Socfin SL agreed a 50 year lease for 6,500 hectares of land for which they would pay five dollars per hectare per annum. Even for those with no idea of the general price of land in Africa, this sounds cheap.
Slumped to floor on opening DWP IB ESA reassessment letter.
Or even something ridiculous as “My big toe hurts” and it will convince you that you have arthritis or erythromelalgia
“We’re working very closely with our customers to understand the issue and where we have materials that can help,” Davies said of DuPont.
creme brulee insert
2. Write headline or dialogue in comments.
You have tasted socialism and seen evil face to face, and have found you don’t like it after all. You make a lot of noise, but Most are all too interested in their careers or “Climbing the Social Ladder” to be involved in such mundane things as patriotism and voting. Many of those who fell for the “Great Lie” in 2008 are now having buyer’s remorse. With all the education we gave you, you didn’t have sense enough to see through the lies and instead drank the ‘Kool-Aid.’ Now you’re paying the price and complaining about it. No jobs, lost mortgages, higher taxes, and less freedom.
“Sleepy Time Down South”
So we drove back to the Country Inn.
I would let you know that I've finally decided to joint the craze and read the Hunger Games. A friend told me the premise behind the story, and I saw the trailer this week and I knew it would be a story I would love. I'm off this week to buy a copy of the first book. I hope I can finish it before the movie comes out in March, but first I need to finish the book I'm halfway through. Have you read the Hunger Games yet?
We are reminded that all flesh is grass. What better day for rain to fall than today, following baptism, the washing of regeneration.
Like it or not, what’s yours will very soon be others. Often, for free. Just ask the large recording labels.
There will only be 3,500 bottles available, with the majority destined for the domestic market. Alexandre Vingtier of Nikka`s European agent La Maison du Whisky, says he hopes to get at least 200 bottles for Europe. Just to get a measure of the the success of this series, the 3,500 figure is 1,500 more than last year`s initial offering which was in turn four times more than the first release of the 1986 version.
Yes it seems like this will go down as the year of the braids, so everyone better start growing their hair out, or, for the deep pocketed, get extensions, lest you fall behind the fashion curve. Ya dig?
Among the weeds I found the first eggplant. About time, I have had my fill of squash so it will be nice to give something else a try. Last year we didn't grow eggplant so I am not sure what to expect as far as how fast it grows. According to Wikipedia 20 pounds of eggplant has the same amount of nicotine as a cigarette so I need to build a huge drying rack if I am ever gonna a get a smoke out of these things.
I think I'm going to print it onto silk fabric.
I was happy I read it out of order regardless because you already know that the first two women have happy endings and are continued through the series. This book makes me want to pick up the first two books as the last one wraps up the series perfectly.
We had some snow flurries yesterday and I believe they’ve had quite a bit of snow in Tokyo which is fairly unusual and possibly even Kyoto – there was some sort of alert on TV a few minutes ago and I think that’s what it said.
Living in Jerusalem waiting tables. I had left college prematurely, moved to Jerusalem by myself and got a job as a waitress. I lived in Israel for two years before returning to San Francisco to finish college. It was a most romantic point in my life and where I began to find my calling as an artist (it would take many more years to realize it).
“Yeah, that dead seal down at the pier isn’t going to poke itself.” – Louise
I know of no other way to become a grateful child of my Heavenly Father than to consciously consider the goodness He fills my days with. Unacknowledged blessings do nothing for the soul -- but gifts joyfully, humbly received causes the heart to draw nearer.
The main access point, located at the confluence of the different bodies of the house, is via a ramp that floats on a body of water that enters the interior. The hall, sheltered from the sun by a wooden pergola, is a kind of preliminary step leading to a new landscape, consisting of a double height social space in which the lounge, fireplace, dining room and kitchen open onto a space that connects and opens to the outside on a deck cantilevered over the garden.
The absolute end of my little bit of alone time every day. The beginning of long days listening to my children complain that they are bored and then proceed to beat the crap out of each other. The end of structured days and the beginning of chaos.
In a small bowl, stir together ground flax seed, almond milk, honey, and vanilla. Allow this mixture to sit and slightly thicken while you mix together the rest of the ingredients.
For example – the ‘contract-first’ loose coupling approach is quite important to SOA design and development as it helps to avoid negative consumer-to-implementation tight-coupling. Avoiding this issue does affect how a new SOA Suite composite would be created in JDeveloper but this highly advisable best practice is not really mentioned in the book and there is no tutorial on contract-first approaches in the text. There is a section on loose-coupling, but unfortunately the content is way off the mark. The authors understanding of what loose-coupling is and how it should be implemented do not match my own experiences with the problem. As a SOA architect I see this as storing up potential issues by not emphasising to developers the importance of good design in SOA.
The Melting Pot is a fondue restaurant neither of us had never been to before. At $70 and up per couple, it's a little pricey. While the food was fine, the experience and the service was excellent. We agreed we'd definitely return for another special night out.
Me and le FP had just arrived in LA and, as is our habit, we got online and started surfing the 'boyz' sites to try and find someone who could tell us where the best bars, clubs, etc in town are to be found. This is how we found Serge.
“And then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, ‘Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?’ And I said, ‘Here am I. Send me!’ “Isaiah 6:8-10.8
Here is 2 ounces of Cashmere-Silk from Spunky Eclectic in the March Colorway of the Month, Sunken Treasure. The color did not tempt me until I saw it on this fiber. It looks like treasure, doesn’t it? This is in the queue right now, though I’ve got a few things to get through before I can reward myself with it.
I looked towards the vast Forest, the thousands of trees stretching out into forever, Birch and Yew trees as far as the eye could see, a few Oaks spotted, and I knew following the river in the entire river was lined with Willows.
There are more bokeh shots that I uploaded, but most of them didn’t really have any meaning at all. However, playing with light (or painting it) will really help you figure out what a photo means.
"What should we do this weekend?"
S: lies? oh i lie when somebody's head is on fire. (????)
But back to my point - this has been a huge test in patience. We got so excited when we selected all of our finishings back in October, but then had to remind ourselves that we still had 9+ months until we could see it all come together (kind of like a baby! And this condo has definitely become my baby).
The temples primarily showcase particular devotion to the Indian gods Shiva (the destroyer but not a negative one), Vishnu (the protector), and also to Buddha. Shiva is mostly the dominant figure as he is considered by the Khmer kings as the protector of their empire.Thus, most temples are dedicated to Shiva and in turn, Shiva is entrusted to ensure the prosperity of the kingdom.
When I got home, I googled, and found this amazing website called We Love Colors that carries an extensive range of plus size hosiery. They have plus size tights in 51 different colors! It's like Baskin-Robbins, but for your legs! They also have 51 shades of fishnet pantyhose, striped pantyhose (either black or white stripes) and some really funky patterns.
A fat pinch of turmeric.
This is just like DRM issues. How do you protect the livelihood of creators without technology so frustrating it makes it hard for customers to stay off the high seas with a parrot on their shoulder?
I would “set P” with the boys,
So a Mulled Wine’n’Mince Pie (the ‘n’ was ironic, by the way. I am not a fan of ‘n’s. What wrong with a good old fashioned And? I might start a campaign. Stand Up For And. Catchy) party is held Chez Young (the chez is also ironic. I’m in an ironic mood. And what’s wrong with that? Nothing wrong with a bit of irony. I’m obviously in a peevish mood as well as an ironic one. And what’s wrong with that? Nothing wrong with a bit of ranting that extends a parenthesis. Good old parentheses, that’s what I say. They always get short shrift, and they deserve so much more. The Bob Cratchits of the grammatical Christmas Carol) every year.
7. Place roti on the dry hot griddle, rolled side down. Cook until bubbles begin to form on surface. Check underside to look for brown spots. Flip over.
In the previous years, the Government and Education Ministry would bother for a symbolic anniversary commemoration, but since last two years, those events have been forgotten. There is no Government support for republish of his work, and assistance for research projects about his unpublished works. In the above BBC reports, the family members of Kateb has said over 3500 unpublished pages are with them, which are endangered. Even hundreds of unpublished pages from later volumes of Kateb’s famous book Lamp of Histories are available with the family, but the Government, despite fake promises, has no interest to republish it, or allow the private sector to work on it.
Tips for the interviewees
I did really like this book, but probably more for the descriptions of places and smells, than for the mystery. There’s a lot of mystery in this book and it starts to build up from the first chapter. While that’s a huge part of the book, Rose excels in her descriptions — if there ever was a book that could be scratch and sniff, I wish it could be this one. The descriptions made me hungry to just climb inside the book and experience everything that was going on.
With the trapeze girls huddled by their door and the table-dancers by theirs the street looks like a cigarette film still of overpainted, underfed dramatic misery. I am struck by a fear that this is what will bring the snow.
04 Super-connected
1-3/4" x 7/8" Oval Large Punch (119855)
The Struggles With Returning to School While It Is Summer Outside gives ways to ease the return to school easier. Warm weather and recent memories of free hours of play can make the transition to the classroom difficult. The article covers ideas I developed to make the transition easier - some have worked with my kids.
"Exactly. But that raises the question of whether a person should be forced to do such thinking, and some people decided a long time ago that he should not. We may force a dog, sometimes, to act like a man - to walk on his hind legs and wear a collar and so forth. But we shouldn't and couldn't force a man to act like a man. Did you ever want to fall asleep? When you weren't sleepy or even tired?"
How and when did he become so very big kiddish? He's supposed to start Kindergarten in the Fall. (Maybe. Yet another decision tree to research and decide upon.)
It's also necessary to warn you that your breath may harm small animals and children. Certain veteran cheese-eaters will sport one of these post-consumption. It's like a condom for your face. Sure, it's not the most attractive thing in the world, but neither are you after eating those vachebombs.
This kept me off the mat for a class or two. My doctor didn’t find anything on the x-rays and put me on crutches. Meanwhile, I sat on the sidelines during class itching to be back on the mat. I couldn’t take it and started thinking of ways to practice. There are techniques in seated positions that we learned. If we could do some, why couldn’t I do all of the techniques we learned in seated positions? I had to adapt to a physical limitation. I got back on the mat and fellow aikidoka willing to work with my own limitations happily partnered with me and our sensei helped me make adjustments as needed.
Indeed, bad weather is coming, as well as it’s going to become method more enjoyable for viewers compared to Bruce Wayne. (Would you would like to cope with Bad thing your self? We did not believe so.) You are able to check out the actual full list of this summer’s motion and sci-films, below. Maintain your eyes away this week for the rest of Moviefone’s 2012 Summer time Movie Examine.
Don't forget to sign up for the severe weather "heads up" email list - I usually email everyone before a big event - severe weather - tornado outbreaks - winter storms - ice storms. Click here to join
3. Place the sliced mozzarella over the pizza dough in an even layer. Pile the asparagus shavings over the top of the mozzarella. Dot the surface of the pizza with the garlic herb cheese. Season with kosher salt and pepper.
Sarah took my manuscript by the throat and tore it apart, pointing out a looong series of swordfights do not a novel make. Now, Sarah knew what she was doing. Before she was an agent she'd worked long and hard as a publisher and her editing skills remain second to none. She will make your book better, much much better.
Post Script.
Here are a few examples ...
Have you ever noticed that when anyone has a prophecy they make all the real action happen right in their own time? Wow, all those thousand year-old predictions just happen to be popping off next week, right before that trip to grandma's. Guess we don't have to kennel the dog after all. What a weird coincidence.
While Bush's success dwarfed most of the punk bands,
THEN, and only then, are you allowed to decide whether you're still upset about the tweaks or not.
This is me at 21, sitting in my boss/boyfriend’s apartment. I was also involved with a 17-year old boy & a female co-worker. Life was complicated and I was a bit of a mess. No matter where I went, I recreated the chaos of my family home.
Writers : Vojtech Jasný, Andrée Pelletier
MORE?!?
Split French rolls, and spread with butter. Bake 10 minutes, or until heated through.
The book is not sad or sentimental but is told with great humour (some points had me and my husband laughing out loud) openness and honesty. This isn’t going as compelling or as tragic as other memoirs out there as Jackie was adopted by some wonderful people and had a great childhood, that’s why I liked it. The memoir is able to focus more on the nature/nurture split, 60's/70s Scotland and questions like ‘what if your birth parent doesn’t want contact, is it ok to contact your siblings anyway?’
Bapat is one of the associate scientists of the newly formed International Earthquake and Volcano Prediction Center (IEVPC) based in Orlando, Florida in the United States.
Mistakes done for pious reasons
It was perhaps one of the nicest (and funnest, I might add) dates I had ever been on. And it felt WEIRD. I really didn't know how to react at first. In my head, I could see some of my friends rolling their eyes, while another set of friends were telling me that that's how I deserved to be treated.
665 D-III/22/1974. “The Road to Monaco: Freud on Freud.” The Irregular Seminar in Political Philosophy, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Anyway, case in point, potatoes really aren't worth it for me. However, I do confess I am a former lover of bangers and champ (a traditional Irish dish of sausages and smashed taters), potato bar (potato topped with chili and cheese and sour cream and, well, everything), and super cheesy mashed potatoes.
Meals are an invitation to share good fortune
With regards to Kosovo, one must bear in mind that the attempt of Serbian authorities to alter the constitutional status of Kosovo resulted in the breaking down of Yugoslavia. Serbian politics has to be blames, and the Tribunal in The Hague is trying to do this now. If you think about it, the entire unit of this criminal act is trialed in the Tribunal in The Hague – starting from the President, through the political leaders, and not only from Serbia but from the other former Yugoslavian countries, military commanders and common criminals. It was a normal thing to say that each political party had its phalanx, which proved its loyalty to its leader. These deformations show that Serbians do not have enough capacity to establish a state of law. Their rhetoric is established on the alcoholic evaporations of the nationalistic and confused religious concepts of the Serbian Orthodox Church; the incorrect projects of the Serbian academy, and so on. The entire Serbian elite took part in the breaking down of Yugoslavia – political, military, cultural, and criminal.
How to eat them: Carrot Raisin Muffins
6: SHIRLEY & LEE - A Little Word
The Ultimate Negotiator.
But even if there were ways in which her methodology could have been tightened up, why has that not been done? Why have the people complaining about the poor quality of her research not done higher-quality studies and produced some successful results? If Rosa’s study is so flawed, it should be a single inconclusive anomaly, among a plethora of better controlled and more scientifically rigorous published papers. If that were the case, then we could acknowledge that the nine-year-old girl may not have thought of everything, and had mistakenly set things up in a way which didn’t recognise the genuine effects of this phenomenon. But all the evidence would imply that she pretty much nailed it. All the positive data we have on therapeutic touch comes from anecdotes and personal accounts, which aren’t enough to prove anything. All they can do is prompt us to wonder whether there might be something interesting going on here, and come up with some scientific tests to find out.
I'm wearing some cute jewelry. I had been looking for a place to wear those earrings. I can thank my Lia Sophia career for those. :)
My sister called at 10:56. I told her- I’d meet them at 11:45. That was before I overslept.
John Piper. God is the Gospel: Meditations on God’s Love as the Gift of Himself. Wheaton, IL: Crossway Books, 2005. ISBN: 1581347510.
Coming to the end of a challenging week… I don’t know what it is, but sometimes I just seem to find it tough to fit it all in. In terms of food, I’ve been right on track, but when it comes to my usual workout routine… I’ve been off the pace a bit. Maybe that’s how it should be though… when things are too routine it’s not always a good thing. I played hockey last Sunday, did an hour of yoga on Monday, played hockey again Tuesday, rode my spin bike for over an hour Wednesday, played more hockey Thursday (which was intense with only 1 sub!), and took yesterday off. Well, other than my 6 consecutive chin ups and a second attempt to duplicate the demonstration which only made it to number 5… At the end of my shift at work is not when I’m at my optimal in terms of performance it seems. First thing in the morning seems best! I guess looking back, my week wasn’t a loss… just different.
This time it worked.
“I face the world as it is, and cannot stand idle in the face of threats to the American people. For make no mistake: Evil does exist in the world. A nonviolent movement could not have halted Hitler’s armies. Negotiations cannot convince Al Qaeda’s leaders to lay down their arms. To say that force is sometimes necessary is not a call to cynicism — it is a recognition of history, the imperfections of man, and the limits of reason.”
I was saddened that I didn’t know most of the songs. I had just spent the past few weeks learning the Spine album really well, and was hoping they would play a lot of songs off of it. They only played 2.
This is sick. But we should be getting used to it, because it happens all the time — and nothing is being done to stop it…
Sam: I’m not exactly certain how many readers have read the series before I decided to publish. Once this series was written, I showed them to a few of my friends and from there, they became circulated with people I know, friends, family, and coworkers. The positive feedback reaffirmed my decision to proceed with publishing.
Thailand no exception and thus what he says is pretty relevant to Thailand too:
And you can be sure that, in the Pet Rescue Mysteries, “no-kill” means pets, not people!
caffeinated drink that i cannot pronounce
1. Experience is vital if you’re going directly into the work world especially if you’re a liberal arts major. After years of study where you imagined it automatically paying off with a salary gig upon completion this can be a bit of a shock. Luckily whether you’ve had a job or not you’ve got experience. Those parties you threw was event planning, social media marketing, and community building voila.
"-----Barack Obama's Approval Index, according to the daily Rasmussen survey, yesterday reached a new low of -23, while a record 47% now strongly disapprove of what he's doing. Even the Gallup polls show that a clear plurality of people disapprove."
Baby Reese was an Angel on earth, and now she is an Angel in heaven.
Sand the pad of the post to rough up the metal and make the glue stick better. Sand the plastic where you plan to glue the pad.
Golden and brown, as you muse
I am planning some slightly different work to my usual output, as the local library service in Bath is organising an exhibition and competition. To enter you simply choose one of the books they are discarding and transform it or alter it in some way. I am currently playing around with the idea of the double meaning of the word “leaves”, which could refer to the green things that grow on trees or the pages in a book. Over the last couple of days I have been thinking about layering and cutting pages, and these are two designs.
Oh, say does that
Is it the fame? At what point does a person become famous enough to qualify for a TAL? If Brenda decides to cycle across Guatemala to raise money for charidee and appears on page 7 of The Leicester Mercury as a result, does that count?
I went through Baird, Texas, primarily because the tiny town was the county seat, and, therefore, has a county courthouse. The 1929, Classical Revival building wasn't all that unique, but the sky was a deep blue, and the clouds were white and billowy. So I think the pictures came out really well, despite the plainness of the courthouse.
I must leave. I must go inside. It’s dark out there and If I leave my comfort, will you help me? Will you save me.
Asking Price: $3,450,000
1 Berbatov = 94 minutes of inactivity, incorporating two minutes of mild interest.
How do we get out of the slush pile? How do we stand out in the crowd? How do we get a publisher to read the entire PB or read more than the first page of our MG manuscript?
The South African Communist Party, for its part, lived in a different world. It conducted its struggle in classic Leninist fashion, becoming the ideological vanguard of the ANC, leading its armed struggle, and very largely controlling the ANC-in-exile. It was a Stalinist party in that it simply paid no heed to Marxist theorists outside the Lenin-Stalin canon. Indeed, whereas European communist parties were traumatised and shaken by the twin shock of Hungary and Khruschev's revelations about Stalin, neither event had any noticeable effect on South African communism for it seemed to live in a parochial, iron-clad world of its own.
Good friends, good company and the opportunity to throw a line at some mighty fine fish.
The applicant responded by arguing that the claims would sufficiently describe the invention to qualify as a description. The argument was found convincing by the examiner who decided to keep the application pending. However, the office did not inform the applicant on this decision. The applicant got aware of this decision only after almost two years, when the GPTO notified the applicant that his right was lost due to non-payment of the filing fee.
Differences. There is no person on this earth who is identical to another person on this earth. Even twins have differing personalities.
And that’s what it was all about
Sweet Baby is a stamp from Fiskars cut on a 1" circle
The Tapena Tempranillo, a blend of 90% Tempranillo and 10% Garnacha, was also tasty, showing more plum and black cherry flavors with milder spice notes but a bit more earthiness. Its tannins were a bit stronger than the Garnacha but still well within control. It too possessed more character than many other wines at this price point and also presents a very good value. I would generally prefer this wine paired with food due to its tannins.
Remember these?
Compare this to the recent events where white university students were accused of pretending to urinate into a stew prepared for a group of blacks, which made the main news across Europe and America, showing that when it comes to news coverage, what the students pretended to do, the world media do for real.
"NO!"
Saint Bernardus Abt 12
I had already gone through all the older 2 clothes See this post it was about going through the other items in the cupboard. The next cupboard to do was for my middle boy. His cupboard is in the playroom (the oldest 2 share a room so we can have a playroom). The trofast holds all the arts and crafts and can become a dumping ground.
It was Mael Duin's:
Plot twists are another thing that send up bright green flares in the dead of night. Often, you’ll be able to see different things before they happen, which completely obliterates any hope of a shocking reveal on the author’s part. When the reader reaches that section, he or she just says, “Oh, I knew that,” and goes on, not caring for the main character’s devastated feelings.
Sometimes it’s okay to indulge ourselves in sumptuous food. Have yourself a breakfast, lunch or dinner like no other. Confucius once said: “Eating is the utmost important thing in life.”
Would you believe me if I said, "Not that much, actually?" Or at least it's not blindingly obvious the second you walk in our door.
After they are frozen, take them off of the pan and place them in a zip lock bag, labeled with the date.
Fashion Television
Ithaca, New York, April 20
I recently got the chance to talk to Lyle Brocato about his role in ‘Texas Killing Fields’. Here, Lyle talks about what it was like working with Jeffrey Dean Morgan and what is currently on his I-Pod right now…
These are some pics from the 110 camera my boyfriend's stepdad lent me. The macro is just amazing on it. It's only a little cam, doesn't weigh much and he picked it up to take happy snaps while visiting San Fran in the 70s. But it still takes perfect pics and it's got some great features.
Strawberry cake recipe:
MRPL prides itself on its “high standards in refining and environment production matched by its commitments to society. The Group has also developed a “green belt” around the facility in Mangalore with carefully selected greenery that should enhance the local flora and fauna.
You may also like…
Mountain: Scafell Pike, The Lake District, highest in England!
I'm flattered that many of you think I'm a good writer. Sometimes I wonder.
- salad, meat and fruit, 1 or 2 day per week
Please don't judge because it completely avoids a meltdown at bed time! HA HA!
I also planted a flat of Gypsy peppers from our nearby farm market, which I thought were supposed to be somewhat mild, but they tasted pretty darn hot to me and my crew. My Zone 4 growing season is not quite long enough to get this pepper variety to turn that glorious orange (this is a photo from the night-before-frost, when I had a kitchen full of buckets o' veggies) but I did get at least one orange Gypsy pepper out of the bunch.
What inspired you to form the Indelicates? What are your own musical backgrounds?
So let’s dive right into the image quality. You’ll notice that the weather wasn’t identical for the two contenders, but lighting conditions were similar enough to make the images comparable.
Now, let's move on to second grade, shall we?
We live in an attention economy. Where the most important element is access. If you’re not available to everybody at a very low price, if not free, your destined for the scrapheap. And in an era where we’re on information overload, only the incredible takes hold and survives.
The trials were unusual for England at that time in two respects: the official publication of the proceedings by the clerk to the court, Thomas Potts, in his The Wonderfull Discoverie of Witches in the Countie of Lancaster, and in the number of witches hanged together: ten at Lancaster and one at York. It has been estimated that all of the English witch trials between the early 15th and early 18th centuries resulted in fewer than
It is important to understand that Paul Krugman is a hardcore Keynesian. He believes that national governments can solve most economic problems simply by spending more money. His prescription for the U.S. economy in 2012 was summarized in a recent Rolling Stone article….
Sorry, I don't buy it.
6) A Wardrobe Blast From the Decadent Past - Now of course any film set in the time period of Boogie Nights is bound to showcase a kick-ass wardrobe, but the outlandish sensibilities of PTA's film make it even more kick-ass than expected. Of course being set in the porn industry doesn't hurt either. From Rollergirl's knee-high tube socks and hot pants to Dirk Diggler, Reed Rothchild and Buck Swope's array of disco-era fashion, there is no doubt the wardrobe department had one hell of a good time coming up with how to dress their cast.
Punches and dies: MS border, NS doily and Marianne flourish, spellbinders
In old England, towns were given royal charters to hold faire on certain holidays such as Saint's Days. These were festive occasions at which much business was done and much merriment was made. They were the social and commercial highlight of the year when people were able to obtain goods they might not otherwise have had available to them and gather together to celebrate in fellowship. The local alehouses shut their doors and moved their operations to the faire, and some laws were relaxed for the duration.
If you think all this sounds Hellish, you’re dead right. If you think this doesn’t sound fun… you might be right. Certainly there’s a lot here that’s interesting, but you might be doubtful as to whether it makes a good game.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; Proverbs 3:5 NIV84
I had a little scan of my followers this morning and lo and behold ... 99 followers! I am one away from that elusive 100. So, if you are reading my blog and have not yet clicked that little "Join this site" button on the right hand side of this page, now is as good a time as any and you can be filled with the warm glow of having helped me reach one of my biggest, dare-I-even-dream-it goals.
The font is from an older cricut cartridge called Printing Press. I'm trying hard not to forget to use my old favorite cartridges...even though we have so many fun new cartridges out now. I love all the crazy mismatched font shapes in Printing Press.
I’m not usually one to suffer jetlag, but I think this might be what it is. It’s either that, or I’m just too effing excited to be here. What’s going on? I’m having trouble sleeping. I sleep, on average (until now) about 6 hours a night. This isn’t normal for me by my German-life-standards. In DE, I NEED 8 hours of sleep in order to function. Here, I’m naturally waking up after 5 or 6. I used to be a 6-hours kind of lady when I lived in the states, but not lately. So I’m not sure if this is a jetlag issue (honestly, I have to force myself to go to bed, I’m usually not even tired when I go to my room) or just an ‘I’m so excited to be here that I can’t turn ‘off” issue.
is scored for violin, piano and percussion. The five movements
Mom sacrificed so much for me. So much. First of all, she didn’t care about her appearances at all during and after pregnancy just so that I can be healthy. She gave up her career just so that she can stay home and look after me. She suffered intense labour pain during birth. She lost sleep when I was a crybaby. She went through all the books so that she could teach me how to become a better human. She spent late nights teaching me during my elementary years. She did so much for me. More so than I can imagine.
Not that day. That day, I had been naughty enough to deserve being sent up to sit with the babies.
Her: Ohhh (really flirty) I could use a check up. You should give me one.
Join us Tuesday, June 1 at 6:30 PM for the latest installment of our monthly Brewmaster's Dinners. If you've been to one of these events before you know how much fun they are, but if you haven't, this is a great opportunity to sample some delicious food paired with incredible beers. I really cannot speak highly enough of these dinners. Here's what's on the menu:
with Tombows. I used a CB folder to emboss the
The elephant in the room is still here: we need land for housing and the vast tracks of parkland are the answer.
After the game, I went for a much needed mani/pedi with another baseball mama! I am so happy that Kyan plays with kids that live in the neighborhood and go to his school! I have become close with a few of the mamas and it is nice to know that I can count on them to pick up Kyan or they can count on me to grab their kid from school if they are running late/stuck in a meeting! I got gel nails once again and I love that the salon I go to have about 60 different colors to choose from. It was the toughest decision I had to make! Later that afternoon, we loaded up the car as a family and went to watch Xavier play some football across town. We had plans to go out for pizza afterwards, but I was able to talk everyone in to going to Fajita's (it wasn't hard, they loved it too), since we were close (and I have been begging for months to make the drive - Chad and I used to frequent there quite a bit back in the day)! It is always nice to catch up with the Swishers, lots of laughs are always had when we are with them!
Last year, we wrote an article comparing President Obama's 2011 State of the Union speech to his 2010 State of the Union (Same State of the Union Address in 2011 and 2010 Emphasizes Obama Steps to Reelection).
You'll know before the dance is through
I now want to hand over Holistic Mama to 100% parenting and home. My astrology, spiritual journey, food, art, creativity, photography, general musings, frivolous ponderings, design, film....... all over at my new place (if I've visited you recently I left you a trail *wink*).
Things to be cherished like the thought of heaven?
"Quit Your Dayjob is the nerd you were in school, broke and on bad acid. With a twangy guitar, a too old syntheseizer and snotty drums sounding like B-52s on 45 rpm; the record makes The Cramps sound like Devo in a wheelchair."
I want clean spaces. Maybe when the kids are gone for the next two days I can get around to cleaning the playroom/guest room. We shall see.
I’m back! It’s been a week and I’ve been busy and had a bit of writers block. I don’t want to blog for the sake of blogging. I’d rather write when I feel inspired.
Unfortunately, my dream never came true and I never got to see the 15,000 teenage gi….I mean Springfield, in concert.
XML to NTEXT
Chances are good you are a law abiding person except for maybe a little light weed smoking and maybe driving a little drunk every once in a while. Most of your life you have been taught to be nice and don't point guns at people. You are the exact opposite of your enemy who was taught just the opposite. Remember a lot of street life is like prison life. Who's the man is everything. Violence is the currency of the street.
Highlights in January included brewing Port Street Beer House's 1st Birthday Anniversary Saison, with Jonny, Will & JP (Port Street) Toby from (Red Willow) Jay from (Quantum) the Magic Rock guys & Mark Tranter's (Dark Star) superb Saison yeast strain made for a great day.
Tories last night attacked reported Government plans to charge innocent people a £200 fee to apply to have their names removed from the national DNA database.
In addition, Yoga classes held morning and evening:
Walking inside, the large doors slammed behind her, Addison jumping from the loud noise. It was silent and dark in the cathedral, the only light coming in through the stained glass windows and some large chandeliers above her head.
*Notification of acceptance or revision: November 1, 2012
Melody T
The ANC, which relies on the 2 million members of top labour federation COSATU as a source of votes, has put off plans denounced by unions, but backed by economists to reduce youth unemployment by allowing firms to hire youths at cut-rate wages and train them up.
The game begins with three healers arriving in a town, a backwards settlement built on a meat industry out in the barren earth of the Russian steppes. The year is… about 1910, maybe. The three healers do not know each other, and arrive in town via different paths and come for different reasons. One of the healers is a dashing doctor from the city, another is a musclebound shamanistic figure. The last is a tiny girl with fearsome messianical powers. They are the Bachelor, the Haruspicus and the Devotress. They’re also your playable characters.
reflections in the music styles.
We made the border crossing at Buffalo, NY and got through without any issues. This was our 10th and final border crossing for Our Great RV Escape. Although other people have reported unpleasant experiences going back and forth between Canada and the US in their RVs, we've had no trouble at all. Perhaps we're just lucky.
Lawyer Quek Ngee Meng is part of a new generation of Malaysians who feel that there is no statute of limitations on justice.
instead prefers to slide and slump
I have now been using the phone for over a week, and these were some observations, some I believe will also be applicable for Arc S users since ICS is a bit of resource hog and seems to have been designed with higher memory, graphics and multi-core capabilities in mind.
Such was ATT’s unpopularity when the coup occurred that few Malians have risen up or spoken up to defend him or the institutions the coup overturned. The issue now, for most Malians, is not whether he should be reinstated, but how best to legitimize his departure, most likely through his resignation (once his whereabouts are known). Given the lack of public outcry here against the putsch, it is hard to believe that crowds would mobilize in Bamako to demand ATT’s return; on the contrary, at a time when Malians perceive unprecedented threats to their nation, his reputation for ineffectiveness could mobilize crowds to oppose any such move.
Cardamom declines on sluggish demand
“…and the cares of the world, and the lure of wealth, and the desire for other things come in and choke the word, and it yields nothing.” (Mark 4:19)
Why is it that Donald Duck wraps a towel around his waist after his shower, but doesn’t wear pants..
Scorers: 1-3 Sam Schwodler, 2-3 Kristian Hewitt (p)
My heart swells and aches for her.
Come up with 5 answers to each of the following:
The background paper is from prima, the strip paper is Webster, the card and other paper is from kasiercraft. The clock is also from kasiercraft paper. The 'forever' butterfly, love heart and words around clock are from Webster pages, Flowers are Prima , so is the ink I used and other letter in title from October Afternoon. the punch I used is from Stampin'up
Hardcover: 368 pages
LISTENING: I just love Adele’s Rolling in the Deep – no wonder she got that extended ovation weeks ago at the Grammys, and I am enjoying other extraordinary voices auditioning for The Voice on television.
And so I ask of you, Mr. Stansberry – you who supposedly wishes to help people survive the coming economic and dollar “crash” – I ask of you and every other entity and corporation out there profiting from fear and usury, to stop promoting usury as a solution to usury. Be part of a revolution to dethrone the profit driven system instead of promoting it in such a deceitful way. Starve the system instead of funding its feeding time. Be a hero, not a villain.
Blockade of the NATO supply route might continue for weeks given the extreme Pakistani reaction. Currently, only 48 percent of NATO supplies come through Pakistan, and 52 percent through the Northern Distribution Network (NDN). The US plan is to transit 75 percent of all non-lethal supplies through the NDN. And 30 percent of the supplies, mostly lethal weapons, come by air through Pakistani airspace. They have not placed restrictions of overflights.
This photo is courtesy of one of my spun cotton ornament collectors and she has been so gracious to send me photos of the feather tree which is decorated with the ornaments she has collected from both myself and the very talented Maria Pahls.
I used Gimme Lean breakfast sausage (hehe, Jimmy Dean...) as a side - also so similar to the original it's scary.
He is more than a magician, more than a motivational speaker and more than storyteller. His goal is to spark the creative magic in everyone he speaks to. For more than two decades he has entertained and inspired individuals to live up to their potential. Bob has a passion to bring wonder, to ignite creativity and to inspire others to make a difference.
Spiders…their 8 long, hairy legs, watchful eyes, paralysing venom and their delicately spun death traps are a great source of fear for many people. What is more scary than a death machine created by Nature that in my opinion has more intelligence than the average human?
We are also joined this week by 2 lovely designers from the Paper Smooches DT so there is LOTS of inspiration for you this week :-)
Our driver was pretty cool and told us some crazy stories while we rode around downtown Memphis for half an hour. Neither Jon nor I had ever ridden in a horse-drawn carriage, so it was pretty fun. When we got back we went down to Tom Lee Park for the festival. We had missed a few of the bands we wanted to see (Son Volt and Kenny Wayne Shepherd) but that always seems to happen on Saturday. We went to see The Cult but didn't even attempt to get up close. We sat in the grass far away from the stage and rested. The show was okay but neither of us were too impressed. We walked down to see Al Green next, and caught a bit of Yo Gotti on the way past. We also did a little browsing at some of the shops and got a foot-long corndog (not too impressive).
That was only the beginning. Our class periods are 100 minute blocks; we were 45 minutes in.
I believe this idea of being able to re-program the brain keeps the responsibility of recovery on the addicts, while also giving them active hope. Addiction as an incurable disease is a depressing premise. Addiction as a reversible set of programming is an open invitation to a new way of living. And it doesn't make me roll my eyes when I hear it the way I do when someone tells me "alcoholism is a disease just like cancer is a disease." Is that so? Then how come I don't see cancer patients driving their cars into telephone poles after they take their medicine?
I particularly liked Halo by Zizou Corder, an unusual story about an orphaned girl brought up by Centaurs in ancient Greece. I thought it full of unexpected events and plot developments and interesting characters. Sarra Manning's Nobody's Girl was a perhaps more usual teenage girl fare but I so loved the way the heroine got her revenge on the mean girls and their Queen Bee that it stood out for me.
wasn’t your mum. I hate it when girls liked it on you.
Meanwhile, Finch is slowly rebuilding his library hideout while continuing to masquerade as an insurance salesman. His nephew Will comes to him with some more findings and an intriguing keepsake – a champagne cork wrapped in a napkin with the words “Day One. The Machine. 2/24/05” written on it. Will also has a lead, a woman named Alicia Corwin who worked for the White House and now lives in the only place in the U.S. without cell phones or wireless internet. Very strange. Strange enough that Finch does a “force pair” on Will’s cell phone.
High Society
I read an interview with Morrison last year where the interlocutor, attempting both levity and sanity, pointed out that the superhero look, shorts and tights, was still not popular. But he was wrong: admittedly, it’s only girls wearing them for now, but I see girls in tights or leggings with denim shorts on top ALL THE TIME.
T: If you make a career of recording you’ll sometimes find boredom will set in. For days and months (and maybe even longer), you’ll go along recording songs with different artists and making the best recordings you can make (with the raw and sometimes woeful talent you have to work with). Then one day there is a moment when you push up the fader on a vocalist, and it brings goose bumps. No one says anything for fear of breaking the spell of whatever is happening, but those in the control room give each other knowing glances—but not too much, for fear of jinxing what’s happening. Often the singer is in the moment and unaware of the effect he/she is having on the other side of the control-room glass. For the next few minutes, hours, and days, you’ll be the first to hear what tens of millions will soon hear. When the session is over, you’ll play it one more time, then again and again. The singer’s song demands to be played one more time and is an addiction that stretches until the dawn. That amazing, indescribable feeling that you’re part of a hit record is like nothing I know, and it is why you do what you do. This hit will change people’s lives, including yours.
Mr. Obama said the Strategic Partnership Agreement he signed in Kabul would allow the U.S. to disentangle from Afghanistan, while not specifying funding or troop levels.
Almost black, the beer has a lovely soft mouthfeel and the blend of malts have worked really well. I used up some malt that had been hanging around a while, so the grist consisted of pale, crystal, Munich, chocolate and Belgian aromatic malts. If I'd not overdone the gravity, the combination of hops would have shone through better, but there's still a nice low level of bitterness with a hint of sherbet lemon coming through.
GO CATS! GO REDS!!!
Most successful career: Both Eastwick and Kern got off to quick success as relief pitchers, Eastwick becoming a force for the Big Red Machine in the '75 World Series, and Kern wowing Cleveland fans with his arm and quirky behavior. But each faded almost as quickly. I'm going with starter John Denny, who pitched 13 fairly consistent seasons and won the Cy Young for the National League champion Phillies in 1983.
They have to puff well. Fry them until they are crisp.
It's a very thin suede, and I am just in love lately with deconstructed collars like this. It's fun to play with. This was $79.99 on sale at Le Chateau about a month ago. They had them in brown, tan and camel as well, but I've been looking at more olive greens than almost any other colour right now.
A series of 7 negations follow in verses 5-7 which highlight the impotency of man made god’s who, precisely as creations of man, are more limited than their makers. They cannot speak, see, hear, smell, feel, walk or talk. Those who make them are like them; so are all who trust in them, i.e., useless and impotent. The irony is intense: “Just as God creates in the divine image and gradually shapes in the divine semblance, so idols reduce their adherents to nothingness” (Konrad Schaefer, PSALMS, pg 284). For other OT polemics against idols see (Jer 10:1-16; Isa 40:18-20; 41:6-7; 44:9-20; Wis 13:10-15:17).
This is a truly comprehensive guide for Star Seeds, helping them to understand themselves and why they are here on Earth. Paul McCarthy provides new information about the most important groups of evolved Extra-Terrestrial Beings and how they can help humanity.
And Fusco reveals that Harold Wren is yet ANOTHER alias used by our Mr. Finch, beginning his freshman year at MIT, where he graduated at the top of his class and met Nathan Ingram. But there is no record of Harold Wren prior to 1976! As Fusco puts it, “this guy spent so much time being someone else, he probably doesn’t know who he is anymore.”
Waist 38" (down 1")
Serve with pasta and lashings of cheese and black pepper!
Whenever my children reach any milestones, I always end up thinking about Yasminah and how we have missed out on these sorts of things with her. We will never see her take her first steps or run with her brother and sisters. It makes me sad.
I was blocked the other day. Not terribly. Got a blog out and 8 pages, but I was running into a little plotting trouble. The I remembered my own rule. Constant Contained Conflict. I had my protagonist and two buddies escape their predicament, hop a private plane and soar to freedom…. and whamo. Stopped.
I liked this point, though:
To read ‘Meeting Lydia‘ is to sit in a comfy front room with the author, and listen while she tells you the story. Linda MacDonald is a raconteur, an ‘under-the-banyan-tree’, book-at-bedtime story teller, who conjures up complex images through a stream-of-consciousness narrative. Some might say there is more telling than showing, but they would be mistaken in judging this to be a fault. The telling is not exposition, not info-dumping, not tedious scene-setting. The telling is Bridget Jones; it is the internal curiosities, private debates, and mental machinations of the main character, Marianne, as she negotiates a mid-life crisis, the menopause, and a re-emergence of past horrors. If you are intrigued by relationships, by the seismic shifts brought on by the passage of time, or by the impact of early experience on the adult psyche, you will find more than enough here to meet your requirements. And while fiction it may be, the fact is grounded and you can trust the psychology, the insights, and the research. Linda knows her stuff, and it shows.
5.Sand (again to knock down any "bumps" or imperfections that may have arisen from the quick-drying primer)
-You are so fashionable
Good afternoon Everyone!!
Let's say I've lost my wallet. When I look for it -- and things are about to get crazy technical here -- I tend to start with the last place I remember using my wallet. What I don't do is search every place I've been for the last week. We don't hear any of the dialog during their trek, but I imagine it went something like...
I grew up in Guildford and Guilfest has always been a big part of my Summer so I am extremely excited to be involved.
On what date was International IPA day?
All I can say is that within minutes, the position of authority had swiftly changed hands/paws and it was I who was now chasing the bitch around with a chain attached only to a collar and nothing else.(please note the context in which I have used the word bitch.)
- Cabardès
WR: Jarius Wright, Arkansas
People are starting to talk more to me about the churches, becoming a little more open - not forcing me to read between the lines quite so much. That helps - as does meeting people for the second or third time and actually being able to recognise them!
These are the thoughts running through my head lately since the knitting and spinning bug is keeping me looking forward to new fiber projects.
Strangle the springs with salt.
The second two ‘looks’ were put together with the idea of ‘similarities and differences’ at the back of my mind – ergo the two sets of shirt and shorts with a hat, but presented in contrasting colour shades.
Strong performances from the leads, as well as from two great stage performers, Ray Bolger and Fanny Brice, who appear as themselves, made this movie a joy. The likeable William Powell (The Thin Man) stars as Ziegfeld, and because Powell never appears in a movie without Myrna Loy, she plays his sensible second wife, Billie Burke (who, Wikipedia tells me, played Glinda the Good Witch in The Wizard of Oz). Luise Rainer won an Oscar for her performance as Ziegfeld’s first wife, Anna Held. A fickle, jealous French actress, Anna continues to love Ziegfeld even after she divorces him. Despite the good acting from Loy, Powell, and Rainer, I was totally taken with Fanny Brice and Ray Bolger.
4) Identifying who your target audience is
By Bob Townsend
17. Sail Away
The earliest bridge across the Tyne, Pons Aelius, was built by the Romans near the location of the present Tyne Bridge. Built around 122, it fell into disrepair, and a stone bridge was built in 1270. This was in turn destroyed by the great flood of 1771. In 1781, a new stone bridge across the Tyne was completed. Increased shipping activity led to the stone bridge being removed in 1866 to make way for construction of the present Swing Bridge, which opened in 1876. The idea for a bridge at the location of the present Tyne Bridge dates back to 1864, due to concern about the cost of tolls on the High Level Bridge - although the first serious discussions took place in 1883. Committees met over the next three decades, but it wasn't until the early 1920s that proposals were commenced in earnest, boosted by the chance to secure central government funding. On 29 April 1924, Newcastle and Gateshead approved the plans, and the Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead (Corporations) Bridge Act was passed on 7 August that year, with an estimated cost of £1 million including land acquisitions. The final cost on completion was £1.2 million. Work started in August 1925 with Dorman Long acting as the building contractors. Despite the dangers of the building work, only one worker (Charles Tosh) died in the building of this structure. The Tyne Bridge was designed by Mott, Hay and Anderson who based their design on the Hell Gate Bridge in New York (which was completed in 1916). The bridge was completed on 25 February 1928 and opened on 10 October by King George V and Queen Mary, who were the first to use the roadway travelling in their Ascot landau. The Tyne Bridge's towers were built of Cornish granite and were designed as warehouses with five storeys. However, the inner floors of the warehouses in the bridge's towers were not completed and, as a result, the storage areas were never used. Lifts for passengers and goods were built in the towers to provide access to the Quayside although they are no longer in use. The bridge was originally painted green with special paint made by J. Dampney Co. of Gateshead. The same colours were used to paint the bridge in 2000. The bridge spans 531 feet (162 m) and the road deck is 84 feet (26 m) above the river level.
The May 2000 issue of Martha Stewart Living brilliantly sums up everything May stands for. In its pages we find pinatas, Mother's Day crafts, breakfast ideas and the gentle welcoming of outdoor living back into our lives. We learn that not all geraniums are created equally with a tour of Margaret Roach's fancy-leaf varieties at her home in the Catskills. We venture to Maine to visit the summer home of one of Martha's Skylands neighbours on Mount Desert Island. The rambling, three-storey home is bright with floral wallpaper and children's artwork, summer-hued palettes and casual coverlets in its many guest bedrooms, ready for seasonal visitors. The value and collectibility of vintage plastic dinnerware is examined thoroughly, as are its beautiful designs through glorious photographs by Stephen Lewis. We stroll through an artist's garden, organize our sewing drawers and learn how to make whites whitest.
Calories 10
These two songs talk about how you can be SO fine without that someone who has always tried to bring you down, thinking that they know and that you would be rotten without them. But leaving them makes you stand stronger.
Notice the rebuke is directed, at first, toward Abraham, not Sarah. “And the Lord said to Abraham, ‘Why did Sarah laugh? ’” (Genesis 18:13). In essence, God is saying, “Hey husband, why is your wife laughing at such a wonderful promise? What have you been telling her?”
And maybe her intentions were to provoke and to exploit. Intentions are important when a work of art is conceived and created, but not very important once it is released into the world, because audiences can have all sorts of ways of responding to and interpreting the work on their own. That's part of the fun of being a reader or viewer. Even if we grant the, I think, shaky premise that Hadzihalilovic intended to provoke and fetishize with this movie*, that does not lead inevitably to the movie being provocative and fetishistic, for a few different reasons: no matter how auteurist a director (or writer-director, in this case), there are still lots of other people involved in making a film; more importantly, it's difficult to translate intentions into material that then communicates those intentions to an audience without noise getting into the equation on either side of the material (otherwise, everyone who intended to make a profound and lasting work of art would be successful).
Neilo… Tina (Rob’s widow – and how sad is it to use that word) is standing on a chair, watering a straggling plant by the window, absent-mindedly plucking off some of its withered leaves. Why don’t we go and have a pizza first, then we can go off together and be really fashionably late?
You won't necessarily be able to legalise hunting darkies, or repatriating foxes. But you will have to get on with fixing the economy, which was your party's main, core, central promise.
Next I will explore ways spirit communicate with us externally and the nature of Carl Jung’s ‘synchronicity’.
And I to him: “Poet, I thee entreat,
permanent disabilities as a result.
A few months later, Dad discovered that a boyfriend of Constance von Baren, an Elvren Steinacre, had disappeared. Both families were devastated as the young couple had been betrothed to each other and were to be married later that fall. As we were friends to the entire village, we helped search for poor Elvren. About a week into the search, Dad found him. Or rather, what was left of him? Elvren had been brutally killed. Whispers throughout the village said that Elvren had dishonored the von Baren family by despoiling dear Constance. When she told Elvren that she was with child, he refused to marry her and ran away. But Dad now knew the truth. Only one sword could have left those marks on Elvren; the Platinum Sword of Dragonsbane.
From icy winds and rain in the capital of Switzerland to dito in my hometown, no question about it - woollies are here to stay!
Mick Mercer evidently had a change of heart however, describing them in Gothic Rock (Pegasus, 1991) as “Godawful pretentious bilge” which I always thought did Sleeping Dogs Wake material a terrible disservice.
That’s because writing is a complex activity, just as complex as hitting a fastball coming over the plate at a hundred miles an hour or performing a Beethoven sonata. One of the keys to deliberate practice is to break a complex skill down into component parts and practice each part separately. Athletes and musicians do this all the time; writers can learn this way, too.
stupid enough
If we are still on schedule, we are now four months out from my book release. I think the final round of edits before copy-edits has been turned in. But of course, I don't know. I may have blown something that my editor doesn't like, and we'll have to do another round. But we're getting there. We're definitely getting there.
Fruit. YUM. Honey. YUM. Lime. YUMMM.
percentage of its budget on
When the asparagus is finished, I lay it out on a sheet of foil on my countertop to cool. I have granite counters and the stone helps to draw the heat off the asparagus, but air cooling on any surface is a good idea before refrigerating the spears. It's never a good idea to put hot or warm food directly into the fridge.
If anything, I suppose the play can be accused of being highly manipulative. But I dare anyone to not surrender to Nixon’s performance. I can’t imagine the critics saying anything negative about her or her excellent cast mates. (Although, you never know, with those bitter old queens.) In the last scene, in a final act of heroism, Nixon stands in a bright, white spotlight, arms stretched upwards, completely naked. Not that her nakedness was the primary focus of the moment. But I did notice.
*or make your own by combining the crumbs from 12 graham crackers, 2 Tablespoons sugar, and 5 Tablespoons melted butter
into the branches
Here’s the big one. The awesome one. You ready for this? Not counting pitchers … Jamie Moyer has faced or been teammates with every single MVP in either league since 1980. Every … single … one … in … either … league.
Our global capitalist economic system has outstretched our political system. In a balanced scenario government can be used to check the excesses of powerful corporate interests, to protect the public trust and the public interests. Contemporary global capitalism has no such political equal to govern, limit, or moderate its processes or its impact. We are one world, one species, and we need one government to represent our interests, needs, and hopes for the future.
CATALOG: MTN-20 / SUZ-01
Now we mustn't confuse The Snorers Wife with The Baby Mumma. If you were to walk around the shopping centre in the bright glow of the early morning sunshine, the two may be hard to distinguish. Sticky up, slightly wonky hairdos. Dazed expressions. Bloodshot puffy eyes peering out above dark smudged crescents. Triple-shot lattes. Mismatched clothing. Oh yes, hard to tell them apart all right, but if you look hard enough you will spot the clue, one will actually have a baby. The other, a slightly disconcerting glint in their eye.
Growing up, we had a tradition of going to my grandparents' houses on Christmas Eve. Early in the afternoon it was my paternal grandmother's house, and then it was my maternal grandfather's house for the evening. I enjoyed grandpa's house more, mostly because it was bigger and he had a larger, nicer tree. My grandmother's tree was small and white. It felt more holiday-ish at my grandfather's house. Also, my grandmother was a woman who was a bit more prim and proper and so you couldn't hike up on one ass cheek and let fly with a ripe, juicy fart. It just wasn't done. My grandfather would actually applaud you if it was a good one.
This was the beginning of Israel’s downfall. Even crucifying the Lord of glory did not cause their downfall. We see this by reading Matthew 12:32.
collection from LYB.
- Ace, and you sure that you win? – Anxiously asks, “mazilschik” that put all the money on Celentano against Marseilles.
The old life is dead.
Barnsley as a Tuscan town: Surrounded by a wall wide enough to walk on, which lights up to form a halo. Looks unlikely at the moment.
I must admit I don’t see any others coming on pool side with a laminated swim session print out… but it works for me.
These kits were gathered with children ages 6-12 in mind. Parents may need to help their students, especially younger children, with some aspects of this kit.
When we finally cut into the tart for dessert, I realized that the melted (hardened) chocolate made it very difficult to cut into - both with the knife, and when eating it with a fork. So although I loved the taste of the chocolate in the tart, next time I'll probably leave it out.
An archaeologist is on a dig in Greece, seeking out the golden shield of Perseus from the ancient myth of Medusa. He finds proof that it was more than just a myth when he stumbles into her fabled temple, and steals the shield with obvious diabolical intent. Too bad that means Medusa was real, too.
oatmeal mask
pinched stitched & penciled and carries an old quilt scrap sack
Fabrication of the first aircraft is well underway with the company’s Belfast division having shipped wing spars and skins to Bombardier’s new manufacturing plant in Querétaro, Mexico, dedicated to the model. Final assembly, flight testing and customer delivery of the aircraft will take place at the company’s Wichita, Kan., facility, which has undergone a major expansion to accommodate the new model.
Inflammed knee, limited range of motion, no discolouration.
After paying for the product online, one can get instant access to the product. The Product can be ordered from any location as delivery will be done to respective county. Coming to the fees of the program, it cost 37$ that is a one time fee. This is pretty affordable compared to other programs that charge higher fees.
For the most part, men have not had too much to say about the changes in the law but according to Evarist Kalish MP, a member of the Liberal party and the chair of parliament’s human rights committee, many men recognise that women may provide the best leadership.
I am at day for of my 30/30/30 challenge. And today's page is all about frustration, in more ways than one. I am sort of having one of those days, where I feel like I'm really isolated. The problem with any kind of career where you work alone, is that sometimes you feel really alone. And the thing is, is that a lot of the people in my life really don't get what I do. For the most part, I'm ok with that. Or I should say, I've accepted the fact that part of being an artist means that a lot of the time you're on the outside. So I decided to work out my frustration on my journal page.
The majority believes that as already stated, Act No. 671 was in force only until Congress could meet resume its legislatives functions. Naturally, this view is based on the theory that legislative functions in times of emergency are delegated only because of the inability of the Legislative Department to meet and exercise its functions. I believe I have successfully demonstrated the flaw in this theory, not only by showing that the real reason underlying the delegation of legislative powers is not inability of Legislature to meet but rather it inability to consider and pass legislation in time to meet an emergency which requires as it does urgent and immediate action and can be solved only by the exercise of legislative functions by one single responsible individual, unhamppered by study and prolonged discussion by many members of the legislative body, but also by the fact that although since 1939 when the second world war broke out in Europe and for a period of more than two years thereafter, when the National Assembly could still meet and in fact convened on several occasions and for hundreds of days in regular and special session, nevertheless, it had been delegating legislative powers to the President.
HORSE: with smaller hook
The India government’s recent move that would have given unprecedented access to mega retail houses like Wal-Mart to the middle-class market, amid widely feared consequences for small farmers and merchants, had to be put off, at least temporarily, following a huge national outcry.
La coccinelle (f.)= The ladybird
Thank you to all that prayed for his peace and comfort.
with branches that swing and enfold me
In the meanwhile, the Nokia 808 PureView has also won the award for Best Imaging Innovation for 2012 from the Technical Image Press Association (TIPA). Jo Harlow, Head of Smart Devices at Nokia, spoke about the importance of the device in the entire smartphone industry, saying:
This is their first hit on their debut album and probably the song most people know by them. It's either a song about loneliness or one about sex toys. You decide. I think it's about the fear of relationships and real emotions.
This volume gathers, for the first time, a wide array of early criticism of Lovecraft, including poignant obituaries by such friends as Walter J. Coates and Hyman Bradofsky; early attempts to analyze Lovecraft’s work by such writers as Rheinhart Kleiner and Frank Belknap Long; voluminous discussions of Lovecraft’s tales in the letter columns of Weird Tales and Astounding Stories; an abundant selection of criticism from the fan world of the 1930s and 1940s, including articles by August Derleth, P. Schuyler Miller, and Francis T. Laney; and reviews of the first Arkham House books of Lovecraft’s work by Will Cuppy, T. O. Mabbott, Vincent Starrett, William Rose Benét, and many others.
This is a very early quote from the piece, but it sets the tone throughout. You can see pretty clearly that his take is Amazon is totally at fault and publishers were doing little more than defending themselves. Interesting take, particularly considering Amazon was the victim in this case, the admitted target of the pricing scheme that publishers (allegedly) illegally colluded to put in place.
Police spokesperson Superintendent Sipho Sinzani said the raid followed information from the community that an ex-soldier was training people to use guns.
Unorganized Example: (in pictures above)
We stayed at a hotel in Coconut Grove because 30 something years ago George spent a month there and remembered it fondly. Mitchell Kaplan, who owns Books&Books, one of the great independent bookstores in the country, was a huge help in scheduling a couple of Obama events for me. The most interesting was at a Hebrew Day school in Miami Beach. The campaign freaked out because Joe Lieberman was speaking at the same school the following night. They were sure I'd be asked questions about Israel that I wouldn't be able to answer so they sent two experts on the middle east. This was supposed to be an informal gathering of moms (and some dads) with the middle schoolers. I doubt they would have asked me any hard questions about the middle east. But this way I didn't have to worry. And neither did the campaign.
Such companies that have failed in the past, include: Second Cup, Colour Your World, Canadian Tire and Coles. However, if you want to continue expanding, the company has to enter the U.S. market, advised by Harley Oberfeld, president and CEO of Oberfeld Snowcap.
First and foremost, a seller should make sure their home is well-maintained and that it looks well-maintained,” he said. “Before a seller starts making improvements like adding new energy-efficient windows — which are nice to have, but not something a buyer would truly care that much about — I recommend they make sure the structural integrity of the house is sound.
According to complaints 'Metropolitan Registries' contacts businesses to offer them a complimentary listing on their registry upon membership. The company then sends them material which according to business owners, clearly states there is ‘no fee’. Business owners state that when accepting their offer, the company then informs them of fees involved which could be anywhere from $400 - $900. Most business owners then turned down the offer because they felt the companies advertising was deceptive. Those that did pay a fee to the company realized its misrepresentation and therefore called the company to cancel their membership but funds were still withdrawn from their accounts. Consumers are requesting a refund and that this companies business practices be made aware to other business consumers...
I'm also getting ready for Valentines Day, and I bet you are too! Here is a wonderful cookie recipe that your sweetheart, family and friends will all love! Each one is a valentine on it's own. You'll love the unique flavor combo, the shortbread like texture, and the snazzy (and easy!) decoration that finishes it off!
With 45.6 x 16.2 x 2.55 (LxWxH cm) body size and weighing 550g, KM 110X is Windows 7/Vista/XP, IBM/Pentium PC compatible or higher. It is available in PS2 or USB port depending on customer’s requirement. The package contains a KM 110X keyboard, NetScroll 120 mouse and a multi-language user’s manual.
Kedren Werner: is a published writer of personal essays. This is her first inclusion in an anthology.
And I am not going to ignore it any more.
Hello my stitching friends ! :)
For our February Doll swap on a Ning Group, I made two dolls. One is a Dotee Doll and the other is an Icicle Doll. We had to make one with a Valentine theme and the other to represent our favorite Artist.
The U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rejected the appeal twice — in January of this year by a three-judge panel, and then again by the full court earlier this month. The judges who affirmed Pineda-Moreno’s conviction did so without comment.
Long story short, he has had fluid build-up behind his ear drums for 2-3 months now. From what the audiologist is telling us, it's causing his hearing to be worse than what we believe it to be without the fluid. If they can drain the fluid and put in tubes in the eardrums, it will allow the fluid not build up, hopefully restoring his hearing to the mild-moderate loss, instead of moderate-severe, which he is currently testing.
The Bloomington brewery has six beers on draft. They are available for sampling and growler fills (a growler is a container, usually glass, that is filled off of draft lines for at-home consumption; they generally come in 64 ounce containers, but some places have 32 ounce as well). Kegs are also available for sale. Pints of their beer are sold only on Sundays and Mondays.
What a week! Our home has been a little stressy these past few days as Big Chuck's been going full tilt on some projects for work. Poor guy, he's pretty much chained to his laptop and has been walking around with a rather crazy look in his eye ;) I have become very proficient at editing science documents and working in Microsoft Word (cringe).
Omigbodun lucidly appears as a seer that sees everything which can also be said as the truth and thereby brings it out for us to see. The problems of dilapidated structure of public schools and how students suffer with the issue of strike as a result of negligence/corrupt life of our government in paying the salary of the teachers. It is very devastating!
The creature gets only one attack this round. It swings at Ahmet with its one tentacle as it sweeps to its right, missing. Seth alone takes incidental damage: 2 points, not enough to stun him.
Carpenter’s daughter antenna
Article 128
You can hear Meigs Creek before you actually get to it, and it's a typically gorgeous little mountain creek. Lots of rocks and little pools, with the banks overhung with rhododendron & hemlock (although sadly many of the hemlocks are dead or dying from the Hemlock Wooly Adelgid infestation). There are no bridges across the creek, and I counted 18 crossings ranging from around 8 feet across to less than 2 feet. But the water was low today and there was no problem rock hopping.
But the research is there:
Let's start with the obvious...there ain't so many rice puddings in my recipe arsenal:
He began to run out of breath and begged me to slow down, but I strode on upwards. I knew I had to rid myself of this man, and all he represented.
H & P's artwork: My mother has been an art teacher for a very long time and now she has the opportunity to work with her grandchildren on an almost daily basis with various medium. I love seeing the progress they are making in their use of color and complex lines they're drawing and I love the pride emanating from them after they finish a piece.
After I posted photos of my new quilt in progress and commented that fitting the irregular modules together will be tedious, Olof asked if I could show exactly how this will occur. So here's a record of about an hour's work yesterday.
“Nah, it’s fine. My name’s Christian.”
What better way to celebrate the new millennium than by having a massive party in Stockholm and then declaring Denmark’s Olsen Brothers to be the cream of Europe? Fly on the Wings of Love was a worthy Eurovision winner because of its simplicity and honesty. No showy dance moves or distracting gimmicks, just two ugly old blokes having the time of their life with a couple of acoustic guitars. The lyrics are simple (as they have to be, really) as is the tune, but it’s catchy and memorable. Throw in the obligatory key change and a bit of funky robot style autotune (before it was in fashion – The Olsen Brothers really were the future of the music industry) and we have a winner. It united the arena crowd in glow-stick waving union, and romped home to victory by a clear 40 points.
The 1938 edition of Action Comics No 1 - which originally sold for 10c - was sold by a private seller to a private buyer, neither of whom was named.
This is a bit different from usual posts since I don't actually own the material but I feel it is just more important to properly archive this stuff. You can download the files from a Bandcamp page that Greg uploaded. He and Mario Quintero mastered this live set at Black Box Studios in San Diego, CA.
Well I’m standing in line in the rain to see a movie starring Gregory Peck
Its time to get some pretty on and go get some dinner.
I love the huge, boxy guitar tone which just explodes out of my headset here, festooned in frivolous, zipping and bloody leads that help counterbalance the lower end ballast of the composition. Structurally, they possess a huge and similar tone to peers like Vader or Behemoth, and by this I mean they tend to drawn upon the earlier influences of groups like Morbid Angel and Deicide with a mix of blasted and grooved elements and an often dual-layered vocal attack which features gutturals and snarls. The primary, growled vocals definitely seem like a mixture of David Vincent and Martin van Drunen, which is quite corpulent and effective above the mixture of death, black and thrash aesthetics in the riffing. I enjoy the band's use of flooded, dissonant melodic passages like you'll hear in "Word Becomes Flesh", and they keep a lot of their tracks reined in well under 3 minutes, so they just burst right into existence, clobber you with some skill and then vanish off into the nether.
8. Retarded Dulli
The second one is an "Elk Burger". Natural Elk Patty with Roasted Shallot, Thyme Aioli, and Gruyere Cheese for $11.95. Of course it was a bit gamey, its elk........car.........game on.
Article 63
I altered the letter a bit and shared the same tradition with some of my friends at work. Again, the response was humbling. You see, when one takes a risk to share the compassion of their faith, they risk rejection. In many cases, it is with good reason as someone, in the name of faith, has done more damage to the cause with their zeal and arrogance. But that wasn't my experience at work. I found the act of caring and extending love was only greeted with gratitude and a desire to pass along to others what was bestowed upon them.
What was Watergate really about?
“Excuse me. Was this blood harvested locally?” (Cue entitled glance.)
The Winner will be announced on Thursday so please do check back then to see if you were the lucky one!
Here's what I came up with today: using the tortilla concept that Chocolatechic came up with earlier in the school year, I broke out the tortillas that have taken up permanent residence in the fridge. Check! One package used up. Then I thought about Nutella. (I always think about Nutella, but today I decided to actually use it instead of eating it with a spoon on the sly.) What else do I have hanging around here? Nestle chocolate chips - monster Sam's club size bag - check. Cream cheese - check. And this other weird thing: about a third of a roll of sugar cookie dough. Don't ask where the other 2/3 went. So that was in the freezer (it's harder to eat when it's frozen) and I thought that it might be good chunked up and rolled into the tortilla. Check! Another thing used up. So, I stick the cookie dough in the microwave to defrost. Guess what happens to cookie dough when you forget to check on it? It melts and gets spreadable like peanut butter. Woo Hoo! A happy accident for once.
As I said, the actors onscreen here have been in things far less-embarrassing than Matilda. Sure, Metrano was in two Police Academy flicks as well as Going Ape! and that Andy Sidaris guns-and-breasts epic Malibu Express, but I'll bet you he brought those up before he'd bring Matilda up in conversation.
To connect
I will be gone this afternoon. Mrs. Jakubek will be my substitute.
The “10-suiter” was easy to build: four suites each on the upper two floors with a central corridor, staircases at both ends, two “basement” suites facing the front a half floor below grade, with the boiler, laundry, and storage lockers occupying two suites’ worth of space at the back (some managed to squeeze a small manager’s unit into a back corner). Each suite (click to enlarge floorplan, right) had windows on two sides and shared a single common wall—typically the bedroom wall. Depending on the tenants, the buildings were comfortably quiet or horrid, as you could hear everything through the thin walls and ceilings, especially the clack-clack of high heels.
I will not publish the list, not through fear of reprisals. I mean once you have recieved a dozen death threats you do not care. And after seeing some time in Northern Ireland and being shot at by people who really meant to kill me not just scare me the threats of a brain dead red is water of a ducks back.
One of the problems of having blogged for so long, since 2006 if you can believe it, is that I often feel like I'm repeating myself. When I mentioned this to an agent friend of mine who also blogs, she said that I simply can't worry about it.
"Who was he?" I asked, trying to keep my voice nonchalant.
ME: I'm fine thank you. And you?
Would you believe this printer's tray slipped into my box whilst away (oddly enough just as money slipped out of my purse!) I've wanted to do a large one like this for some time, and now I can - when I decide on a theme!
- edit the dream horror novella/serial thing for submission
As far as promoting the small-government/no government interference aspects of Republicanism, the executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans, Patrick Guerriero does it best when it comes to commentating on Santorum: “There is nothing conservative about allowing law enforcement officials to enter the home of any American and arrest them for simply being gay… Mainstream America is embracing tolerance and inclusion. I am appalled that a member of the United States Senate leadership would advocate dividing Americans with ugly hate filled rhetoric.” These comments were released after Santorum told AP reporters in 2005 that he supported Texas anti-sodomy laws, and their enforcement.
Yes. Lower.
40. This concludes my 40 wanna be meaty chunks of direction and virtual plethora platter of wisdom nuggets post.
King and other researchers said they believe the effect of low minority representation is less on votes taken than issues presented.
1/2 c. confectioners' sugar
"Microwave popcorn has twice as many calories as air-popped, and if you pop your own with oil, this has twice as many calories as air-popped popcorn."
3 demonstrate
Perhaps it was, but in a baseball hungry town, especially in the Mets hey-day, you don’t say that, even if you think it! Senor Solly was a little bitter in his analysis of McReynolds, saying “I hope he was a better hunter than hitter.”
At 10:53 they showed up.
Wipe out skillet with paper towels, and heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil until shimmering. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Whisk cooled garlic oil and parsley into reserved yogurt mixture until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve chicken with yogurt sauce.
At the beginning of the year you started reading and following the book 52 Small Changes with all your sisters over at the 'hood and I am happy to report that you made it through all 52 weeks and yes, you are happier because of it! You have made great changes to your life this year that you will carry through with you the rest of your life! Another wonderful thing you accomplished this year!
Guber tells us that stories can also function as Trojan Horses. The audience accepts the story because, for a human, a good story always seems like a gift. But the story is actually just a delivery system for the teller’s agenda. A story is a trick for sneaking a message into the fortified citadel of the human mind.
Deutsche Bank filed a motion for summary judgment arguing that, as mortgagee, it had the right to accelerate upon Osorto’s default and that enforcing the note would not affect the rights of other bona fide lenders or purchasers. A summary judgment hearing was held and, at the hearing, Deutsche Bank presented to the court the original note bearing a blank endorsement, along with the mortgage. The trial court entered final judgment of foreclosure, requiring full payment of the principal amount plus interest and costs. In the alternative, if the amounts were not paid, public sale would take place on March 22, 2011. After filing a motion for rehearing, but before a trial court ruling on the motion, Osorto filed this appeal.
Asked what he believed his life song was, the inimitable Belafonte once remarked: "The same melody. It just needs to be sung again. What it needs are more voices of harmony. It's a beautiful chord that everybody gets to sing in the same place at the same time with the same purpose. The song is the same: justice."
It is being alleged that Pablo Roopnarine, after years of bankruptcy suddenly returned to wealth mere months after Mrs. Mohammed’s death in 2004. This week calls are being made on the Attorney General to investigate Pablo Roopnarine in the search for the true Mastermind of the 2004 execution of Mala Mohammed.
Spiced Simple Syrup--
‘The income and investment tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2003 are set to expire at the end of the year and are at the center of a thicket of fiscal decisions that Congress must make in the next several months’.
I know these things can happen even years into an expat life in some other country - you think you've basically got it figured out, the bumps are minimal, life is going smoothly (or as smoothly as possible with a family illness to deal with) and fulfillingly, and then BAM! You find your muscles knotting up, you can't seem to say anything clearly, everyone misinterprets you, or they say things you just don't want to or care to hear. To wit, the old guy at 7-11 who, when he saw me buy a Liberty Times, said "That paper is LIES! We are all Chinese and we have 5,000 years of history. You foreigners can't understand. Don't buy that paper of lies!" He said this in English, no less. And me with no good response to such nonsense beyond "大家有他們自己的想法, 大部分的台灣人不同意你的意見" and, after he wouldn't let up "你好傲慢喔" before walking away.
There is a precious lady that is a member of our church that lives in an apartment complex in our little town and she is a magnet for all of the kids that live there. They all affectionately refer to her as Granny Gail. She is in her 60's and a tiny little wisp of a woman. She has not been blessed with the best of health, having to be on oxygen at different times. Gail is definately on a very fixed income and does not have a lot of extras in life. However, the one thing that I admire the most about Gail is that she has bloomed where she was planted.
Nonreplica editions maintain a consistent and homogenous character as the print newspaper but may have different editorial and advertising content and may be presented in a different format.
To eat the flesh of the Son of Man is to absorb His entire way of being and living. The word ‘sarx’ (flesh) is also used to refer to human nature in general. To the physical, emotional and mental; the very act of willing, choosing, or resolving and exercise of that will are aspects of human existence.
As always, if you have any questions about your digital edition program or for a free, confidential review, please contact your publisher relations manager.
We will share the pain and sadness, life will seem easier that way,
Cheesy Gnocchi and Leeks with Crispy Prosciutto is the kind of gooey, cozy, comfort food that I love. I previously used the term "grown-up mac and cheese" when I described Tortellini with Corn and Bacon, and you can add this to that list. Feel free to use whatever cheese rocks your boat. The original recipe called for Fontina and Asiago, but I had neither. I did have Dimock Dairy's Smoked Cheddar, and O.M.G. YUM. It melted into a rich and savory sauce that coated the gnocchi and leeks in creamy heaven. The crisped prosciutto on top is just that little bit of crunch that a dense dish needs and complements the smokey cheese perfectly. Know me, or not, you need to know Cheesy Gnocchi and Leeks with Crispy Prosciutto On My Plate.
I like your clothes
Another great link to learning more about Evolution. This link provides some of the best vids out there on the subject:
Then the real test began!!
The reason we went was because the middle ages is part of the grade four curriculum in Canada and Natasha, Tim and Griffin, who are HUGE Harry Potter fans can't seem to get enough of those dragons, sword fights and magic that was so much a part of this time in history. They all love the mini series "Merlin" as well.
Oh I KNOW I am going to need help with this. Unless I just want to cave and read a Nicholas Sparks book – please someone give me something less annoying to read.
With breath-taking ambition and an enviable clarity of thinking, Marclay’s achievement will almost certainly be regarded by film, cultural and art historians as one of the major landmarks in 21st century art and cinema. It is by far the most thrilling thing I have seen for many years. And if, after reading this, you think there’s a chance you may agree, I strongly urge you to make your way to The Slaughterhouse in Plymouth where it is playing as part of British Art Show 7 until 4 December this year.
Maintaining your own blog (at least once a week) - increasingly expected by publishers
“All Summer” by Kid Cudi, Rostam Batmanglij, and Beth Cosentino
you wait
The answer to all the above questions is Jesus Christ. What do all those unbelievers think about Him? He is the only Saviour. He died on the cross and shed His blood. That blood was the price of redemption for all who were lost, including you and me. He rose from among the dead as proof of the completed transaction of redemption. He paid the full price, which was exacted by the Father in eternity past.
One of the greatest challenges for men is to realize, as Paul wrote in Colossians 3:11:
Pace: 6 ; Parry: 6 ; Toughness: 10 (2)
13 - Drum Solo
It’s now just 5 days to go til my climb and I seriously need to start thinking about how I’m going to get all the gear I’ve accumulated into the backpack and onto the plane.
This is a beer dating back to 1989, the early days of the craft brewing renaissance. At its release, people marveled: the heft and sweetness of the body, the amazing sprightliness of the hopping. For people trained to think Henry's Private Reserve was "good beer," FS Amber was off the charts. Yet over the years, as people's experience with good beery expanded, they began to think of the beer as a starter beer, almost a throwaway. Jamie Emmerson once told me that people accused the brewery of changing the recipe. In their memory, Amber was this intense, rich beer--surely Full Sail had slowly watered it down. Of course they hadn't. Whatever adjustments the brewery has made were to accommodate the annual variability in hops and barley so that the beer was always the same.
Q069) If you got to ride a time machine just once and met your past self, what would you do?
Here they go again, have the WTO strangle nation-states into submission by lending and retracting agricultural funding.
Do not let the water run while showering. At the shower head, turn on the water to get wet, turn off the water while you soap, turn on the water to rinse off. Don’t let the water run while brushing your teeth or while washing.
Now is the time for all good. Countries and presidents and all that crap. Listening to “Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain” over the weekend, one of my favorite albums from the early 90′s. Never really understood the press craze for lo-fi recordings, it was just one more thing to talk about I suppose. Writers, jeez, you can’t trust ‘em…
I hold your name
The “Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (OLG)” want’s to expand their enterprise PERIOD. Canada’s biggest city can potentially have a full fledged casino, minutes away from the downtown core. The potential consequences (if this falls through) can make or break Torontonian’s livlihood and ultimately the health of our government.
Ultimately, we did find her. And I got to have my Lifetime movie moment. You know the one where I finally see her and drop to my knees sobbing to gather her in my arms? Truly, I expect a call from the Academy within 72 hours.
- Take the RES Exam
Brenda and I shared coffee together that day, so happy that the big job had been completed and we were one step closer to getting into the house that was being built. Our joy and laughter was interrupted though, by a phone call from Brenda’s sister relaying a message that Mr. White had suffered a heart attack and was in hospital facing surgery that very day. Naturally, Brenda became hysterical and inconsolable. Worrying about her ex-husband sent Brenda to her bed for the rest of the day so I walked back to the prayer post with the dogs, to ask my friend up in the sky to watch over Mr. White and to spare him from all discomfort and despair.
Best wishes for your continued success.
But believe I am completely fine
In the bright blue sky,
Brush the warm muffins with melted butter and roll in vanilla bean sugar.
The biggest perk of being the library grandparent was bumping into my library grandchildren in stores and supermarkets. Familiar faces came up to me to say hello. I, of course, with my swiss cheese brain couldn’t place the faces till they reminded me I read to their children. It definitely made standing at the check out counter in the supermarket a little sweeter when people came up and told me that their child would like to come back for more book reading, which day did I read at the library.
To illustrate what this could mean: I'm currently consulting with another global macro brewer who is doing a deal not dissimilar to this (though on nothing like the same scale). It's not something I will cover as a writer because that would be a conflict of interest, and I can't say who it is until it goes public later in the year. But the macro in question is saying to itself internally, "We can't manage brands like this the way we normally do - if we apply our standard processes to the craft market, we'll only fuck it up." The deal therefore gives the craft beer access to far greater distribution channels and new investment in the brewery, and gives the macro a slice of the profit plus a little kudos, and the chance to see how craft beer works. But the macro has committed to not trying to interfere with how the micro makes its beer.
A graphic is prepared like the one on the right, which includes a picture of a telephone or some other icon which makes it obvious what’s happening. If possible, use a photo of the guest. The graphic is then used when the guest is speaking (i.e. in place of video shots).
19.07.08 US Pittsburgh, Garfield Artworks
So everything that goes into every Shaklee bottle is designed to make you healthy. And to do it so well you tell your friends about it.
"How typical he would expect Wilbur to act just as badly."
and stood in the sun waiting.
2-By faith, I need to receive God's love for me. I naturally love myself; I need to deny myself and let God love others through me.
Next he explained the guests and the format of today's show. We were actually taping two parts of shows. Though much of Le Grand Journal is broadcast live, they pre-record guests who are unavailable in the evening. "How many of you are here to see Seelverstar Stelun?" he shouted. The crowd went cah-raaazy bonkers. They needed no practice on enthusiasm. "Ouaaaaiiis!!!" Girls jumping up and down and screaming, greasy-haired boys shaking both fists up high in triumph. "Qui?" I naively asked the boy next to me. He looked askance at me as if I were Bride of Frankenstein. "Seel-vess-tair Stal-lun."
Congratulations! Please email Nikky for your blinkies! The first placed winner receives a download and please put in the subject field of your email your placing and the challenge number - this will make Nikky's life a lot easier!
Contact Marcia Hughes and James Terrell at Collaborative Growth for more information on how to use today’s learnings about neurology and conflict resolution to resolve conflict and build collaborative intelligence.
Let’s view diversity as positive values. Each of us work together to make a balanced community!
May 2011 - Mother's Day
Good for genre writers.
The following two reports should give an idea of the inefficiency of the camp hospitals: "Often people suffering from a minor ailment were violently removed from the tents of protesting mothers or family members to be taken to hospital. After a few days they were more often than not carried to the grave."
So strong you thump O terrible drums—so loud you bugles blow.
Walking through the sculpture, the eye travels the path above, the path ahead, and the path below. The curved walls nearly met, and never part: dynamic. Entering the sculpture, step one, enclose, step two, open up, step three, breathe, step four… These hodological structures connote a physical experience that alerts me of my tangible present.
Kicking off with a lovely little feature on elleuk.com.
“These truths are well known among our principal men, who are now engaged in forming an imperialism to govern the world. By dividing the voter through the political party system, we can get them to expend their energies in fighting for questions of no importance.
As well as stews, we ate pies; Monica was the world’s finest pastry cook, savory or sweet she had a delicate hand and her pastry was crisp and light and irresistible. We regularly had steak and kidney pie, or chicken pie with bacon. She made steak and kidney puddings with beef suet pastry and when the glorious shiny pud was cut open, a flood of aromatic specky gravy spread across the plate. Why the gravy in the puddings was specky I have no idea, maybe it was the kidney, but it was delicious. Sometimes we would have sausages and mash – with thick gravy at lunch time; sometimes we would have toad in the hole – with beautiful crisp, crunchy batter surrounding Powter’s’ sausages.
Gary Johnson – Wish he was there
Rather, Belinda Berloni
Afterall, she ran her half marathon with an injury too...
Once again, the Boy King rules against the will of the people and totally screws up.
All-Star Authority
Reverse Osmosis Water Filtration Systems
SAP NetWeaver (NW)
Many Christians meet folks who say they are ‘Messianic’ and assume that those folks are Jewish Christians. Most aren’t Jewish at all, but Gentile Christians who have chosen to pursue Torah observance and have adopted the Messianic term, calling themselves Messianic Christians, adherents to Messianic Judaism, or simply, Messianics. Some will even try to avoid that label and say that they are followers of "The Way".
There are two anthologies I’m doing.
The recipe suggests serving with a smoothie for a healthy breakfast. I found they tasted good with a bit of light cream cheese. Next time I make these I will probably use less ginger and add a bit of agave nectar just to bring the sweetness up a bit.
About that fall-apart, nay, come-from-behind. However you want to label the ability to bring back the glory, or inversely, leave behind the gold, this game can strike down the staring and make active the weak.
2) *Beer, mead, or an interesting wine; (ESPECIALLY if it's homemade).
As the auctions wrap up, here's a look at who's soaring and who's struggling in the new art market.
The first option, with all those ingredients we cannot pronounce is Cheese Whiz. And I am sure you already guessed that the second option is peanut butter (the simple one liner ingredient list must have given it away). At first glance the nutritional value of Cheese Whiz looks better, but do not be fooled by processed and chemical induced ‘nutritionally valuable’ choices. Aim for pure ingredients, even if it has a little more fat than the fake fillers!
I can’t breathe
* Link up your blog name and URL using the MckLinky below. Only need to add on one blog to be seen on all the blog hops.
Bottle label: "Bringing Heavenly Nectar to Earth"
On my thumb, pointer, and pinky fingers I’m wearing All Tied Up, and on my middle and ring fingers I’m wearing something by Hard Candy. I don’t know the name of the Hard Candy polish, it doesn’t say on the bottle. I think the two colors complement each other nicely. The two-color trend is a great way for impatient girls like me to try multiple colors at once. Have you ever tried the two-color mani?
I do have one other kilt item to share tonight. I few months ago Sue-Ellen shared a YouTube video of a song “The Drunk Scotsman”. I found another video that is really funny but now that I am ready to put it in the one picture I don’t want up as the front piece is all I get. So I will put up this recitation that is also good and has more to the story. ff at the end you get a choice to see more videos and there is a picture of a group of lads from a wedding party in front of a church please watch that one as it is the one I intended to put here.
I am doing a Square Foot Garden as well as some containers. Neither one of us is particularly handy so we just ordered the box for the Square Foot Garden. It is not here yet though. I went ahead and started a few seeds in the garage three days ago. I sowed Genovese and Dark Opal basil, thyme, chives and Sweetie tomatoes. MUCH to my surprise, everything but the chives had sprouted this morning. SO fast. I guess the garage is pretty warm :P
Jeff and I have been frustrated lately. Our family hasn't felt much like a team. We go to work, the kids go to school. The kids have fun, we work hard all day. We come home and the kids immediately start demanding food and drinks and more. So our last topic of business was a refresher on basic house rules- respecting each other. Patience, respect, listening.
So what do I see in the poem? Okay, he’s split the piece into two sections. The first stanza is twenty-one lines long and the second is twelve. Had this been my poem I might have been tempted to divide it into three parts, the first at the pond, the second at home and school and the third back at the pond although I have no objection to his choice to split it into light and dark, innocent and not-quite-as-innocent, before and after – whatever way you want to look at it. It’s not as simple as pretty and ugly because from the very onset the imagery is far from pretty with words like ‘festered’ and ‘rotted’ painting a picture of the decay from which life rises. The poem begins with the death of nature: “In the midst of life we are in death.” A true naturalist would be well aware that this is the way of things but unexpectedly this is not a poem about a naturalist but rather a young boy. I suppose he could just as easily have called the poem ‘Death of a Herpetologist’ but if we ignore the dictionary definition of ‘naturalist’ and take the word literally it suggests a person who does things naturally, a natural-ist. It’s unnatural to put frogspawn in jam jars. Before that he may well have been content simply to be a part of nature but once he assumes the role of the Naturalist of the title the natural-ist – if I can distinguish between the two – dies. Perhaps I’m reading too much into the title. There is also the possibility that what dies are the boy’s aspirations of becoming a naturalist once he starts to realise what’s involved in the job.
We're so glad you've come back again today and want to thank you all SO much for your excitement, support and lovely comments on yesterdays post!
They pulled to a halt at a set of traffic lights and her hand went straight for the door. She shoved it open and the man grabbed her, pulling her back against him. The door slammed shut without her touching it and the locks clunked into place. She elbowed the man in the ribs, struggled out of his grip and lunged for the door again, frantically tugging on the handle. It wouldn’t open. Her eyes darted over the moulded leather of the door. No way of unlocking it. The Venator would stop her before she could find the button on the dashboard that would unlock the doors. She spat out a curse. Never mind. If she couldn’t escape, she could at least taste her blood.
Like the Geek Squad, Jake too was attending the event. Jake however was also presenting at the congress. With me he shared the story he’d be sharing the next day, the story of the lasting legacy of residential schools in the North. Jake paused, asked me if I understood about residential schools. It was important to Jake that I understood. He shared that what many people fail to understand, that when residential schools were closed, and in the north that wasn’t too long ago, there were few if any financial or educational supports in place for First Nations people. He shared about the results the lack of supports have had on his community. He shared about the challenges, specifically access to educational services and systemic racism, which continue to affect First Nations people, his home community, his family and him.
But then a friend broke through my cloister walls with a series of text messages. They went something like this...
Does my day get thrown off kilter because unexpected things get tossed my way. Don’t worry — it’s covered!
By the time school started, three painters and the Motion Picture Studio all wanted to use me. I had strict instructions from all of them not to even trim beard or hair--but still no beard card. As it turned out, this particular waiver was complicated for two reasons: the artists weren't on campus and needed to be checked out first, and the request was for an untrimmed beard, rather than the closely-trimmed one allowed in medical and most artistic cases.
The Orono High School Speech and Debate Team is hosting its Third Annual 24-Hour Read-In at the OHS library from 6:00 p.m. Friday, April 27 until 6:00 p.m. Saturday, April 28. The team’s goal is to involve the community in a variety of reading, acting, and public speaking formats and to raise money for travel to the National Forensic League Tournament in Indianapolis in June.
There’s a bit of excitement growing daily at the Sophia Garden in Amityville, New York. The new farmer at Sophia Garden, Catherine Lavallee, has arrived, and will enjoy her first season as lead farmer. She is one busy woman!
Another thing I loved about Alaska was the fact that there wasn’t a “happy” conclusion where everything comes together and everything makes sense. The reason I love this about the book is it is very true for real life. When asked about the ending, John had this to say:
That alone seems to be a difficult point for both sides to resolve, however. Ms. Ambiga said the easiest way for the authorities to handle the problem is to simply lift the barriers to Merdeka Square – but that’s likely a move too far for Malaysia’s cautious leaders.
And then, on the walk home, I saw this, which really made me happy. I don't know what it is, but it's gorgeous:
“WAIT. WAIT. THIS CAN’T BE RIGHT!” you say.
In 1232 BC, Laodamia of Phoenicia, the Oracle of Delphi, is dying in Morocco. She gives her bronze cuffs to the Carthaginian General Adrastus because they activate the portal for the United. Laodamia is about to die, so makes the general her Secret Keeper and swears him to delivering boxes of secrets and marrying Adria. Fast forward to 1940, where the orphan Ian is mourning the death of the man with whom his mother left him before he ended up in the Delphi Keep orphanage. Ian has other worries-- England has entered the war against Germany and English children are being evacuated into the countryside. Ian gets involved in a scuffle with a German officer and a mistress at the school is injured, so he tries to get Eva, another orphan who travels through the portal and who has healing powers, to come help. He meets Argos, an ancient Phoenician solider who is sent with the oracles prophecy. Ian and his friends must work to solve this, but if the United leave Delphi Keep, they won't be protected, and only they can solve the riddle of the propehct, find and save the secret keeper, and help the English against the Germans. The prophecy
'For God's sakes, don't drop it on your foot or you'll break a toe,' joked Tartarus. I laughed. It really was VERY BAD.
Lilly: "Guess what I'm naming my character!"
*By sharing this photo any accusations of vanity now become null and void.
Silver flip flops-Target
Al joins Tenay and Taz at the commentary booth, we can vote on Twitter if Alex should get a TNA contract, but Robbie beats him with an implant DDT.
Sift over the flour, bicarbonate of soda, baking powder, xanthan gum and spice. Peel the skin off the bananas and weigh out 250g of the flesh. Add the mushy banana to the rest of the mix along with the crème fraiche.
We told everyone goodbye and went home to change clothes and head to Leah's friend Violet's birthday party. That was a blast! The kids got to ride on a little train, that went pretty fast. Ben sat by Aurora, and apparently they love each other. I'm glad her mom let me know! They held hands to sit by each other on the train. Then Ben hung his head off the side like a puppy. Good times! He's still a kiddo, that's for sure! He played with her a few times, but mainly concentrated on downing some serious amounts of food! I was impressed! Violet loved her present! After the party, we went to the Zoo (that's right by the train) and their family was there too, so our kids played more together and looked at the animals. There aren't many animals at our zoo, so it doesn't take long. I enjoyed being downwind from the roses! Aaahhhh... I kept the kids away from home as long as I could, so Scott only had Cecilia for almost four hours. I took TONS of pictures, and made the mistake of deleting half of them before they were all downloaded. Whoops!
In it Valdis Krebs tells us to:
so and has the closing speed needed to make a shoe string tackle of the ball carrier when he’s coming through the hole. In addition, he
HABIB S, RISHPON S, RUBIN L. Influenza vaccination among health care workers. Isr Med Assoc J 2000; 2: 899-901.
It is trial and error for some of us as I found what sells in my Etsy shop is different than what mainly sells in person. I also quit thinking I only had to sell one of a kind pieces, once I started repeating certain styles, maybe in different colors too, I started selling more. I am in this business full time, it’s my job so this has worked great for me. I also do custom pieces which can be fun and gets me somewhat out of a “style” rut.
We've taken some time to find a good local Tottenham builder, step forward Diamond Build, and we are just finalising the quote with them as we speak. Aaron and his nephew Eddie are involved in each stage of the process and we are making sure it’s going to be exactly the way he likes it.
Landlord is back. Sparkle greets him at front door.
“It’s difficult to imagine us allowing any other group of people to suffer this indignity and neglect, yet we know this is just the tip of the iceberg. Appalling treatment of older people in the health service is far too common.”
MC Harvey has revealed he was never in a relationship with Cheryl Cole after he claimed they had once been a couple in 2010 – the same time when she was linked to American dancer Derek Hough. In January the former So Solid Crew member gave an interview to Now magazine saying: “There was a relationship and an attraction to each other’s aura… She’s a good girl. We’ve got a great respect for each other.”
Winners: You will be notified immediately after the event ends by email you will have 48 hours to respond or another winner will be chosen in your place. Prizes: Over $700 in cash and prizes. Here are some bullet points but for photos and a detailed list vist : Mother Load Prize Details
About 200 studies have been completed that suggest that regular consumption of fruits and vegetables protects against cancer at many sites. People who eat higher amounts of fruits and vegetables have about one-half the risk of cancer, especially epithelial cancers.
If not for the efforts of the first-in engine, this would have turned into a big deal. It;s good they picked it up.
Smith, Clinton - THE FOURTH EYE
~ Rim each circle with some glitter glue. Allow it to dry before stacking the layers together. I applied a little bit of two-sided sticky tape between the layers and added the Bo Bunny Jewels and Trinkets to the center. Here are the finished blooms close-up....
From the get go, the case provided great fodder for the media. Here were two attractive young ladies embroiled in an alleged “sex game gone wrong”. Pictures of the two were splashed across the world and the media dubbed Knox “Foxy Knoxy”. Straightaway, the label created connotations of sleaze and the impression stuck.
God himself is a missional God. The whole Bible can be looked through the lens of Him working through the Israelites, Jesus, and Christians for the purpose of his Name being glorified above all other Gods in all nations. From Genesis to Revelation we see example after example of God using his people to do this.
See latest ad below – Perhaps she is taking the tactic that someone may think she is running sans Party:
We spent Thanksgiving in Pennsylvania with Jonah’s family. We flew, and on both trips we had layovers– so that is four flights that we took with Skip in a week’s time. He did amazing. We are fortunate to have such a good traveler for the time being. I think he’s helpless to the vibrations of transportation. He always falls asleep in the car, and an airplane is no different. It’s like as soon as we are taxi-ing to the runway his eyes get heavy and by the time we are cruising in the air, he’s passed out. He loves it. All four of the flights we took were around an hour each, so they weren’t too long, but holding a content baby in my arms really helped in calming my flying anxieties.
accident still in the wreckage. Although the picture is quite graphic, it
and here we are, singing along, word-for-word to a preschool rock band.
Every sincere peace loving Nigerian, Muslim and Christians and even animists will be right to assert that Boko Haram sect is not a creation of poverty, but a creation of a diverse evil, wicked, political interest groups pursuing selfish ends through fanning embers of Satanic hate, extremism and terrorism aimed at strangulating the government they are not a part of. This, to them is best accomplished by pursuing a common hidden religious agenda of wiping out Christians and their places of worship.
55 min: Mikel shoots from 30 yards. You know what happens next.
I always think its time for lime but right now, limes are particularly spectacular. Big, fat and juicy. And I’ve been buying up big on them because you don’t have to re-mortgage your house to get a few. So what does one do with a mountain of limes? Make a Key Lime Pie of course.
analyzing all her entrails and components,
Rites, initiation, differentiation and association
I don’t want to end up simply having visited this world.
I feel that these moments of "prayer" bring me closer to him
I was watching a marathon of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, on the Food Network, fell asleep on the couch, and woke up a failure. I did it again in August. I blame Guy Fieri.
So it was last Sunday when we finally hit the silver screen after much anticipation of the biggest and most awaited movie of the year thus far. I was just glad that we finally took a break from catching films via our friendly Internet. (If you know what I mean) It’s good to once in a while hit the cinemas for better viewing experience. I was quite disappointed though that I wasn’t able to wear 3D glasses for the movie. I haven’t experienced wearing one yet since the 3D and the IMAX thing became a fad. (Poor me) And yes, all for the sake of friendship and company, not to mention, practicality, we settled for the simpler movie experience. Nevertheless, I still enjoyed. Well, discounting the noise of the little girl behind me, the exaggerated reaction of my friend seated on my left and the unnecessary narration of the movie care of my other friend a seat away from me to my right, I sure enjoyed the entire movie. Maybe I was just too serious or too engrossed? I don’t know. Anyway, enough of the introduction, so here’s the real thing…
“What you’re seeing is a gigantic exercise in behavioral finance,” says Brian Barish, president of Cambiar Investors, referring to studies that show investors feel the pain of losses more intensely than the pleasure of gains. “The ability to scare the hell out of people is much greater than the ability to attract them to equities.”
P.S. I really need a haircut, my hair is currently four inches longer and flat, flat, flat because all the layers grew out! I'll be finding a great local Seattle place to visit soon and hopefully revive the mop on my head soon because these pictures are making me jealous. Do you just KNOW when you need a haircut or do you go regularly?
And I never will forget it
But, they argue, this alpha male is typically a rough character who learns to be tamed into kindness, kindness to her. Thus, you wind up with not only the strong silent cowboys with the soft interior life, but also these days vampires and werewolves and Vikings.
Jodi's take...
O.k. let’s give them one more chance. If hundreds of members of the Islamic community did run members of our organisation out of Peterborough, there will definitely be something on YouTube. I mean this footage would be priceless to anyone, a bunch of Islamist cowards getting one over the ENGLISH DEFENCE LEAGUE!!
This wasn't just an ordinary Lassie though; this was one of those over-fed and overweight Lassies! Some stupid human had found it too much of an effort to throw an uneaten ice cream into a nearby bin and the Lassie was slurping on its creamy goodness. The Lassie was devouring it. Moon edged closer.....slowly!
as my toes collect mineral wealth
*Please note that i have done 2 magic tactics in regards to our lores, please read them for a more in depth look*
There’s another beatitude in today’s reading in verse 12: “Blessed are those you discipline, Lord, those you teach from your law.” So two readings and, so far, two beatitudes. This Psalm is packed full and I want to note simply that the Psalmist has his eyes upon the Lord his fortress, his Rock.
It is pretty interesting stuff. The industrious Bailey has also gone to create blogs related to specific projects and exhibitions. You can find Black Cat Bone on our links “Artist Pages” heading.
“Another freedom fighter is dead. Another soldier of the Republican Army has passed on. Another name has been added to the long list of British army victims,” he said.
The house is quiet save the snores of Moose. The old black lab sleeps on his side in the middle of the living room floor and chases rabbits in his dreams. I turn on one lamp and leave the rest of the house dark. It’s just me tonight, just like always. Aside from polite hellos and thank you’s I haven’t spoken with another human being in as many months as I have fingers and toes.
MAGIC 52 (NORTH-EAST ENGLAND)
For the cake, I made two 6-inch layers of chocolate cake, and filled it with strawberry whipped cream (since the birthday girl loves strawberry whipped cream!). For the frosting, I wanted to do a cream cheese frosting because I love the way it tastes, but after the cream cheese frosting mess from my Superman Birthday cake, I opted for a modified half cream cheese, half buttercream frosting which would stand up to the piping.
But despite the ever present problem novel and the current vogue for dystopic fiction (not even mentioned in the article), a majority of teen fiction does not fall in the "dark" but "light" category. After all, many readers, especially avid ones in my experience, read books for the fun escape, and these dark, hard-hitting books are not exactly "fun". They can be moving, gut-wrenching, or chilling, but they are rarely "fun". So, I have compiled a list of some of my favorite teen books that are fabulous reads about utterly frivolous subjects.
Since then I’ve not run. I will do at the weekend, but last night I travelled with my family to attend a funeral today and tonight we’re travelling home. Life gets in the way and it’s ok, my running is a pleasure and I will treat it as such.
No one earned anything. However, the whole of Acocks Green is now without debt, and looks to the future with a lot of optimism.....
While I wish the news story would have also referenced the roll of ransoms and zakat in “filling the coffers of rebels,” it is fair to point out the disturbing increase in Al Qaeda activity in the region. On last night’s PBS NewsHour, former CIA station chief Luis Rueda warned that Mali and Mauritania could be the new hotbeds for Al Qaeda activity worldwide. We ignore this trend at our own peril.
Romans 11:34-36
Having two babies, naturally I have a lot of time to hone my diaper changing skills.
My challenge (and this is as much for me as everyone else) is: this week, as you give feedback to friends and other writing peers, be as generous in your praise as you are in your critique. That doesn't mean you praise insincerely--but find things to genuinely celebrate in the writing of others.
I want my child to feel special, to know that they are the most important person in my life and i would do anything to make sure they experience the best life they could possibly have.
During my pregnancy, I shovelled down supermarket aislefuls of pizza and chocolate, and put on a whopping five stone. In just nine months, I went from a svelte 7st 7lbs to a hefty 12 stone 7lbs (that's 105lbs to 175lbs if you're American) - which, dear reader, did not fill me with joy.
First off, my parents were seriously happening:
For me it didn’t, instead I got
“Freedom of the press in Britain is freedom to print such of the proprietor’s prejudices as the advertiser’s won’t object to.” – Helen Swaffer
But actually, since we're on the subject, do you have any writing rituals?
You made me feel like there is new hope and because of that I can now look forward to some happy twilight years because of your sensible, expert advice and international leadership.
Your not wanting to be bothered
Here is the wonderful Winnie! She looks a little nervous doesn’t she? Tonight I got to spend time with her as well as my friends Jenna and Annie. We had a nice relaxing evening hanging out, eating Cheesecake, and watching tv.
Have You Ever Danced?
Value : DumpCount
Figure out who your audience is. Good luck!
I’m unimpressed, people. Having stories is great but when the object of your quest is stupid or horribly undefined, what’s the point? I’m already all over the place so let me put it into perspective and then I’ll go deeper into the meat.
I decided this was the perfect sketch to use as my card for my best friend's hubby as it wasn't too fussy and I carried on the 'simple' theme by using a lovely image from Tiddly Inks called 'Light My Life' which I thought was perfect for a man's card.
Accounts of Lilith vary considerably, but in the most notable versions of the story, she was the original woman. God created both Adam and Lilith from the Earth, but there was soon trouble between them. Lilith refused to take a subservient position to Adam, since she came from the same place he did. Lilith however came to Adam as he lay asleep and coupled with him in his dreams. By this means, she became mother of all the uncanny beings who share this planet invisibly with mortals, and are known as the fairy races or the djinn.
Unfortunately, you may have to click for a larger view to see the differences between these two pictures. The one on the wood is actually another Amblyomma, this time Amblyomma maculatum, or the Gulf Coast Tick (which doesn’t actually always live on the gulf coast). These ticks are really big compared to other ticks (well, before they’re swollen, anyway) and can cause Gotch Ear in cattle (which is thickening of the ears, causing them to droop).
spelt/hemp/sprouted fenugreek/honey smoothies… happy chickens and bouncing bunnies assist us to make peace with the animal worlds… local fish willingly provide fresh fish… actually the entire animal/wing/elemental realms are very excited about this camp and willingly provide it with local gifts… drinking water is mixed with special fine clay/earth from the area that has been
18 are you required to abide by a code of practice or other regulations laid down by SHU?
♪♫I'm not touching you.....♪♫
So tomorrow it’s back to Bubba! I’m still deciding how far I want to go on Thursday, because Friday I’m taking some students on a field trip to D.C. for a walking tour of Roman-inspired architecture, and we’ll be covering several miles at least. And then I have a nine-mile training run on Saturday, and I’m definitely following through with this one! We’ll see how it goes.
As always, lots of things going on that contribute to not as much being done on the blog, but it looks like this week could actually be a productive one. I’ve got a strength training for seniors post almost done, I’ll be putting together a recap on my wheat free month of April, and I’ll be unveiling my new Monthly Mission for May on Tuesday.
So, which is it?
And, this time, I stumbled across a leaflet there, describing something called the "One Society Many Cultures" conference. It seemed to have a number of prominent speakers, including Red Ken Livingstone, and looked worthy of a quick read and analysis.
2. Buying a car is a long process. I spent a good bit of the day with a friend navigating maze of paperwork that makes up a first time car purchase. 6 hours later…he has a car. It looks like something out of The Fast and The Furious!
We all tried so hard to lift each other’s spirits that year, despite the fact that our family, home, and relationships felt like they were constantly shifting. We knew Mama was dying, but not yet. Everything was strange and new. I recall how we stumbled and found our way again, over and over; how we juggled joy and danced sorrow and laughed and wept…how precious people are when the world feels like it’s ending and they say yes to love, anyway. Constant reawakening to need, and loss, and ways to demonstrate and experience love.
The NHL's Florida Panthers (based in the Miami area) are at the bottom of the list, with a rating of just 0.25 and a household audience size of just 4,000 people. We'd say there are more people watching in person, but the team's attendance figures are probably bad as well.
I have even spent hours on the phone with MOMS who beg, "I just need your advice..."
A while ago I was riding my bike in the Hague and I rested at the Maliefield, near the city centre of the royal place. While I was enjoying the sun, I look around and there were a lot of trees behind me. I was thinking “Great, the city of the Hague is making an effort to let nature be a part of the town”, but as I watched the trees very closely and especially the arrangement of the trees I got disappointed.
and eventually walls
Slid down onto the road
5) Snuggly Toy
Margaret Ferguson — Distinguished Professor of English
Strange Packaging is my first Young Adult novel. It’s about a half American/half Korean singer by the name of Micha West who has been recruited by a Korean entertainment manager and brought to Korea to be a part of an up and coming pop group, Revolution. Despite what manager Hyun-Gi Rahn says, the current leader of the group, arrogant and spoiled Ran-Hanuel doesn’t think his group needs a fourth male singer, since Hyun-Gi originally went to America to recruit a female lead. Micha is about the right height and has the perfect look for the group, but if Revolution was going to take on a new member it had to be a girl so they could compete against the rival band Sensei, who was rocking the crowd with their female lead singer Sun-Jae Na. And he doesn’t really know if Micha can even sing. Micha finally gets a chance to audition for Revolution and knocks the three male members off their feet with his deep sultry voice.
Wow, being a mom is just so intense. It is wonderful. It is more than I dreamed in so many ways. Who could have ever imagined or expressed the magnitude of a mother's love?
I fell in love with this song after watching Step Up 2.
CE Easter Celebration
I often feel that thinking about autism using different terms is useful. One of the easiest analogies to understand is racism - so I guess that this is the first group that I'm going to insult (sorry).
Anna lives in the north of France, has a career, loves taking walks around the city and travelling.
The application must have reached the Malko Competition by
Education: It’s very difficult to get a good education when you’re consistently under/poorly-nourished and are constantly moving. Combine this with parents who are perhaps illiterate and don’t understand any of what you’re being taught (meaning they can’t help you with homework) and you’re beginning to understand the problems many young refugee children have to work around. Besides that, sometimes the material is so functionally-racist by choosing to focus only on western history to the exclusion of everything else. Obviously, emphasizing western history makes sense, this being a western country, however, if the goal of history is to help us understand the mistakes of the past in order that we avoid them, isn’t there just as much to be gained in studying African history? Or are we afraid that seeing such ugly western imperialism might sour our children on the world they grow up in? It’s a difficult, complicated issue that is seldom appreciated as it deserves to be.
1. I was named after a man, Abbie Hoffman. He was a political activist and author whom the FBI admitted to having a file on him 13,262 pages long. My parents had high expectations for me. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abbie_Hoffman#cite_note-26
For nearly two years, Rio de Janeiro’s utilities, traffic systems, and emergency services has been managed by a single “Ops Center,” a huge hub of technologies provided by both IBM and Cisco. With 300 LCD screens spread across 100 rooms, connected via 30,000 meters of fiber optic cable, Ops Center staff monitor live video from 450 cameras and three helicopters, and track the location of 10,000 buses and ambulances via GPS. Other screens output the current weather, and simulations of tomorrow’s weather up to 150 miles from the city — and yet more screens display heatmaps of disease outbreaks, and the probability of natural disasters like landslides. There’s even a Crisis Room, which links the Ops Center to Rio’s mayor and Civil Defense departments via a Cisco telepresence suite.
He loves God, is nice to people and takes really good care of his family. He gets very little time to himself and helps me with the kids every day. I don’t always say thanks, but I’m extremely grateful. As I get older, I see more and more that this isn’t the norm. He’s a good one.
In his usual ‘let me make it better’ way, hubby has suggested we visit family in Canada next year and spend a couple of days in California, just to see how we still feel about it, do a bit of shopping and recharge the US batteries just a little.
The problem with a magazine staffing only "their kind" is that only the viewpoint shared by this elitist group makes it into the editorial content. This isn't limited to their narrow sense of fashion and taste but also how they view the world at large. It may well be naïvety rather than malice behind such editorial gaffes but the message that is received is nonetheless very offensive.
Dreams mislaid, to wake with dread, where
After all, it is well known that Campbell was one of Blair’s key advisors when he made his controversial decision to back George W Bush’s ill-fated invasion of Iraq, which caused the slaughter of up to half a million innocent civilians in that Muslim country.
Am I crazy?
Tandoori Aaloo at home...........isn,t it sounds interesting.yes it is ........ I was also very excited when i read this recipe in one of the blog....yes it was Madhvi's blog ,Vegetarian Medley and decided to give it a try and it came out really very well.....Thanks Madhvi for sharing this recipe.....I liked it so much that i even don't want to change name ....The only change which i have done is that i did not use Kasoori Methi and garnish it with chopped spring onion in my recipe...so here comes the recipe....
with my Staples markers (black, grey, pink, & brown)
4) What's it like parking outside?
Hello, my name is Regina Easter. I have 4 wonderful children and an awesome supportive husband. I have for as long as I can remember loved all the aspects of creating things with paper and drawing. So it was only fitting that I decided to open up The Cutting Cafe' and I am loving every bit of this new venture. The Cutting Cafe' offers affordable Printable Stamps and Cutting Files. The Cutting Files which are basically just like templates are files that you Print out using your home printer, Cut, Assemble and then Embellish.....Very Easy.....The Cutting Files also come in the format where you can cut out the files using some of the latest Machine Cutters like the Pazzles Inspiration, Bosskut Gazelle and Cricut (with Scal software). The Printable Stamps are just that, images that are sent to you through email that you print out using your home printer. After the images are printed out, you can just color them in like you would any other stamped imaged...One great thing about the Printable Stamps and Cutting Files is that you no longer have to worry about finding space to store all of your stamps....You can keep them all in a folder in your computer and use over and over again.
D.H: And another first down, spike ball to stop the clock, 17 seconds.
I am going... To go visit my daughter's this evening.My older daughter Laura has a bad back and this is causing her a great deal of pain. She will be so pleased to see me.
The real problem with Medicaid is that it is being overwhelmed by an economy that generates poverty as rabbits generate more rabbits. Today, more than 60 million Americans receive Medicaid, and many economists and sociologists argue that the United States' antiquated definition of poverty keeps as many as 30-60 million more from Medicaid eligibility.
In an effort to counteract this, individuals (most of whom are either ironically or fittingly outside of the political sphere) have tried to either revert or adapt their ideologies to ‘traditional values’ in an effort to try to woo disillusioned ‘small-c’ conservatives and social conservatives back to the fold. The first of these was Phillip Blond’s ‘Red Tory‘ ideal – a sort of renewed Conservatism for the post-Thatcherist. But what has been the most intriguing, certainly from the perspective of an English nationalist is the ‘Blue Labour’ permutation.
The dull flesh, which conceals your laughter
Woman is not only able to understand the sacrifice: she knows how to sacrifice themselves.
However, it would be a bummer if these were five little roosters, because they will for sure have a short life before they are key ingredients to chicken soup.
For those who fight keeping our borders safe with their every efforts ….
"Purple Haze" by Jimi Hendrix
St. Louis Cardinals - (Ike's Cards - Paid)
I wonder how long till iPhone really will have sex with you and then we won’t need humans for anything except to respond to our texts…
Nearly 30% of refugees that year were on some type of cash assistance, 44% were receiving medicaid or other money for medical costs, 24% were getting assistance with housing and a whopping 50% were receiving food stamps.
4E lost their opportunity to be the next magnet for the rpg community of designers with its restrictive GSL and barriers of integration into "core" 4E, namely through a Character Builder incapable of allowing for third party content to be imported.Will 5E correct this mistake? Will 5E be the next big thing designers and third party publishers will get behind? I think the potential certainly exists for this, but as with 4E, this will all come down to how WotC handles the OGL/GSL and how difficult it will be for a consumer to integrate third party material into their own campaigns. Unlike other systems, D&D and 5E will have a built in fan base simply because it is D&D. In this case it is less about the system drawing people in and more about how WotC handles the situation; it is completely in the hands of WotC how this all plays out.
Anyway, as much as I was saddened by the this whole thing, Liam loved it. He was totally in his element, playing, playing, playing all the time with a whole smorgasbord of other kids ~ older and younger ~ who were also into playing, playing, playing. Creative, dramatic play had always been his element, and other kids were happy to follow Liam's direction. And, our hands-off position regarding academics was totally respected. Nobody approached Liam about reading or math or colors or letters.
Now onto the most important part. How it stands up to the book. The book was better of course, they almost always are. They have more time and can be way more detailed. That being said I loved it. Sure I noticed the little changes here and there and they sped things along in some areas but they stayed surprisingly close to the book. I was not expecting things to be that close really and was pleasantly surprised. Sure did I miss a couple of lines I really wanted to see? Sure. They didn’t give as much Haymitch as I’d have liked and they cut a lot of the cave scene but that makes sense when you think it’s already a two and a half hour movie. They got the important parts in.
that he may exalt you in due time.
watching them grab onto to life as teens
The measure is a symbolic stance and has no legal force. However, council members argued that it was proper for the ethnically diverse city to speak out against what they called hate speech.
The sands say you also wear Addidas;
These are serious accomplishments, post 9-miler.
~ When people discover you write about cocktails, they will do things like describe in only the vaguest terms a drink they once had in 1994 at a dive bar in rural Ohio and expect you to immediately tell them its name and complete ingredient list.
Another example of this may be found in how they treat some passages in the Catechism of the Council of Trent. Here's what a leading neo-geo has to say about it:
Usually the cache is a Tupperware box with a book, a blunt Ikea pencil, and some *crappy plastic toys in it.... half of the time it will be waterlogged. You laugh at how silly this all seems... You sign the (usually) soggy log-book to say what fun you've had, put everything back in the container and stash it back wherever you found it..... and continue on your walk!
That causes his desire to wilt
Bastianich also has some good old-fashioned vendettas to settle. He calls chef Pino Luongo “a withering d-----bag.” Le Cirque’s Sirio Maccioni is a Restaurant Man “facing oblivion.” San Domenico’s Tony May is “a great Restaurant Man, but enough is enough. Take your wife to Positano.” Hospitality maverick Danny Meyer, whom he respects, “single-handedly spread this cancer of a five-day workweek through our industry.” (There’s no mention of the tip-skimming class-action lawsuit against Bastianich and his partners, which was settled last month when his company agreed to a $5.25 million payout.)
I think I may be allergic to raw onions and garlic so I didn't add any fresh chopped onions to mine, wish I could have though! I can see topping these with a dash of fresh tahini sauce or a crunchy pickle relish or even salsa. They had the cool creamy sauce and mildly spiced 'meat' flavor I was looking for and I didn't even have to go to the store. The cucumber sauce was actually more than we could use but it made excellent salad dressing the next day.
She is dedicated to her work, admitting that the Judy R Clark production was just her, her two cats and a small studio space. “Work really hard”, was her advice for prospering within the fashion industry. Her drive to succeed is underpinned by her faith in her own creativity, saying “believe in what you are doing is great, even if you seem to be the only one who agrees, still believe!” She is an advocate for self belief, which seems to be what keeps her motivated and an aspiring entrepreneur.
Cass and I just went and met photographer and friend Mark Hunter (the cobra snake) and model Tallulah Morton at his house in West Hollywood. We are so excited to do a shoot with them on Thursday in Malibu, we can hardly contain ourselves. The shoot is for Mirage magazine and we are going to use lots of Wildfox T shirts and take lots of fun summery girly photos.
*1/4 tsp of Agave or Coconut Nectar
the rooftops
I'm making progress, slowly but surely. It took me a while to choose a Theme but once I did the color was easy... I mean seriously, do Cardinals come in other colors? nooooooo lol..
So in our text, Paul uses the word “exhort.” “I exhort you to be of good cheer.” This means to urge. He was emphatic. Just as God takes no delight in our sadness, neither do God’s people. Paul had a great burden for his shipmates. He was urging them to believe the good news.
I believe there are bad apples in all spheres of society and like any rotten produce, they make the most stink. Let's face it, the ANC has been a disaster for South Africa. Everything bad you see around you is the causal effect of bad Marxist and racist policies by the ANC. That leaves us with one conclusion: the ANC must go. The irony and sad part is that despite their woeful record as a 'government', the ANC will win next year's election and probably with an even larger majority. Why? Because people refuse to participate in the political process, leaving their fate in the hands of politicians who "know better". That is such a naif mentality. Politicians act for themselves. Our many postings about gravy junkets for example, proves that.
The ADL has organized to silence and eliminate all critical voices of Israel from academia and the media and has targeted professors , particularly those who are African American, and who are critical of Israel.
All I can say Mr Peters is this.
A few observations on the hearing. The Cline attorneys argued that her remarks were protected by the 1st amendment. Cline attorney Patrick Mincey even cited Marbury v. Madison !!(1803), which he described, erroneously, as the "first" case "that the Supreme Court made after it was created." (It actually was the 12th decision made by the Court.)
“I shouldn’t feel so angry about this, I’m totally overreacting. It’s not REAL anger because it’s Bipolar. It is bad that I feel so angry. Everyone will hate me if I am angry. So I will try as hard as I possibly can NOT to feel angry”.
It's four weeks before the strange couple are accepted in their various peer groups. Even then the association is tenuous and attributed to their 'ability' to perform some needed task, rather than their scintillating personalities.
While Forest City Ratner says it owns or controls 90 percent of the project site, that percentage is a bit misleading; of ten buildings that still contain rental tenants, six are owned by the developer. Even though those six buildings are counted in the 90 percent, FCR has not yet gotten tenants in those buildings to move.
Biblical understanding is then only possible through the work of the Holy Spirit. The apostle put it this way in Romans 8:5-6.
Here are a few shots of the kitchen....
Every year the Texas Advertising program sends nearly 300 graduates out to change the world. As the year comes to a close, hear from some of TexasMedia’s top seniors as they prepare for their last round of finals, graduation, and life beyond the Forty Acres.
Robe (70%) – Mount Benson (30%)
the reasons we bled,
If a child is never spoken to she will never learn to use words. If a child is only criticized he will never learn to speak positively. Children learn by hearing, or by watching in the case of sign language, and then by being given opportunities and encouragement to practise their new skills.
Just because I seem oblivious, it doesn’t mean I don’t care/I’m unaware.
Chipboard: Tattered Angels
But little Lord Jesus
Scalloped Circle Die, cut with nestabilities....
The tag line on this ad is "The name on the tip of her tongue is Petti." Rather a provocative image for a 1961 women's magazine, and that's a rather provocative swimsuit! Petti of Encino offered this cotton sharkskin suit in junior sizes. The front lacing is adjustable and the suit had an inner bra. Suit sold in 1961 for $17 (about $132 in today's dollar.)
So, in the spirit of the season I will be kind and loving and peaceful. All my actions shall be geared toward that. This is my heart, it has been for years. Sometimes the cruelty of others stifles that, but I am strong and my children are strong and others can NOT change that.
“I think I’ll call him this week and we’ll see what happens. I’m sure he’s not expecting me to ring but that’s why it’ll be funny – and that’s why I’m going to do it.”
A broken lamp
"For oh," say the children, "we are weary,
At their request and suggestion.
Another lesson I learned early on was that it was easier to “spill the beans” about my own foibles and failures before my brothers did. This is a lesson I have carried into adulthood.
Televising NFL games is a lucrative business. One of the policies of this business is for blackouts — the NFL imposes this very strict policy to ensure that stadiums are filled and sold out, to maximize telecast ratings, and to help leverage content on the networks. The league has imposed this policy since 1973. But if one organization representing fans of all sports has its way, that policy could be changed, or banned completely.
1/2 egg, lightly beaten
But if you thought you could resist Maskarade on the basis of Opera North’s first British professional production in 1991 (which was far from ideal, but still vastly better than the lethargic affair I saw at the Royal Opera in Copenhagen a couple of years ago), then this new Decca recording could well change your mind.
Blend the cashews with little water and make a fine paste.
Bert blinked, all blue-eyed innocence and confusion. “It’s not?”
Days
Celebrating the 50th anniversary of the opening of the Second Vatican Council, out of the spirit of which in 1968 a group of Roman students led by Andrea Riccardi, the present Italian Minister for International Cooperation, founded the Community of Sant’Egidio, the community yesterday also celebrated its 44th birthday. Cardinal William Joseph Levada, the Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, presided an impressive eucharistic liturgy on this occasion at the Lateran Basilica, attended by about 60 catholic bishops, several leaders of other churches and religions and hundreds of friends of the community. This was followed by a reception for all in the Lateran Palace, home of the popes for about 1000 years, with its beautiful wall and ceiling frescoes.
with no heavy intellectual burdens,
So I am making some changes to Lime Tree.
I always knew I wanted to be a writer, and though I studied journalism in college, circumstances in my life pushed me toward a corporate job early into adulthood. I wrote every day back then--but it was either some corporate communication or publication, or something just for myself that I always pretended I'd work on getting published, but never did.
Stand straight, palms together, chest high, elbows up, and PRESS and PRESS and PRESS all the while repeating:
Penal substitution is not in view. To place that metaphor over this text leaves it misshapen, and clarity is lost as the wrong colours and hues are being seen. The next post will use the shapes and colours of the Yom Kippur festival and place them within the bigger picture of Jesus, the crucifixion, and the resurrection.
Performances continue
Mister Morton and the Pink Taco people took a lot of heat last year (2011) when, as part of their Cinco de Mayo promotions and celebrations, they dyed a donkey pink, wrote "Pink Taco" on both its sides, paraded it around Century City and then tied the damn thing a post outside the restaurant. Handlers say the donkey was not harmed, Mister Morton apologized to PETA and promised not to use animals in future promotions just as he promised PETA in 2007 or '08 when they cried foul after he made use of a pink donkey at the restaurant's opening.
She is still becoming.
The other night, I was sitting at a coffee shop, zoning out while I decided what to work on next, and I was struck with the sudden realization how random and no-holds-barred "writing mode" can be. There really is no telling where an inspired brain will travel next.
Welcome to the LAND OF ICE.
Inga is the most agile of any of our children at this same age, more physically adventuresome and able. She's already had some nasty tumbles trying to walk forwards down the stairs. Her body is really thinning out, getting leaner and less baby-like. Her hair has developed a little curl.
Serious Study
What follows is a real Indiana Jones story that had me completely absorbed from start to finish. First the desert must be navigated, then there are mountains to cross, only for the exhausted trio to find themselves embroiled in a bitter tribal war on the other side. It could have been so dull, but Quatermain's plentiful dry humour and beautiful flights of description proved irresistable. The excitement and suspense is genuinely riveting - there are a couple of deliciously gruesome moments that sent me mentally diving behind my sofa cushion - and when I reached the last page I felt utterly bereft. Having been so completely immersed in the trio's African exploits, I wasn't quite sure what I could read next that could POSSIBLY compare (always the sign of a great book!).
There was no suggestion of this link when I was interviewed by the other police officers in the presence of my solicitor. These two officers were exceptionally courteous and professional. If their colleagues had behaved similarly, there would have been no need for me to warn other innocent people what The Counter Terrorism Unit’s superior officers are attempting.
I was not a Kennedy fan, nor was I particularly concerned by events in Vietnam in 1962. College beckoned, and my friends and I worried only about proving ourselves well-rounded high school seniors. A bunch of us decided that what we needed to fill out our brag sheets was athletic experience. So we–are you ready for this?–we started a soccer team. We conned a rookie math teacher into being our coach, bought him a book about soccer, and went on to compile one of the worst records of any team in the history of our school. Since most of us were seniors, we didn’t care, but it must have been tough on the younger members of the team, especially on one of them, a kid named Larry, who already had a reputation as a kind of super nerd (a term we didn’t have then, by the way) and didn’t need anything else to apologize for. Physically, Larry and I resembled one another: we were overweight, wore our dark hair in very short burr cuts, and peered at the world through horn-rimmed glasses. Despite the fact that I avoided two of Larry’s more nerdish affectations, carrying a brief case and wearing a slide rule in a holster on his belt, we could easily have been mistaken for one another at a distance, and sometimes were.
BANKING ON AN INCREASE
Now Evie, formerly Toswiah, has a new name and, it appears, a new family. Her popular cheerleader sister Cameron, now known as Anna, is prone to tearful outbursts. Her mother has become a committed Jehovah’s Witness and no longer allows the family to enjoy familiar birthday and holiday rituals. Perhaps the most upsetting change is in Evie’s father who has not only lost his name but his identity as a cop. This shooting brought his two identities—as a cop and a black man—into conflict. To protect one was to betray the other. Now, having brought his family to a safe new home, he sits in a rocking chair, deep in depression.
And as for me, I am a Stay At Home Mom. Last year I taught preschool. I loved that job...but the child count is way down and they couldn't use me this year. :o(
I agree with most of the list–it’s impossible not to include the Alhambra on any “7 Wonders of Spain” list. I’ve been twice myself and honestly, it’s one of those places in Spain you should not miss. However I think the Old City in Salamanca deserves a place on it or some honorable mention. I’ve been twice now and I know for me, it is definitely one of the most beautiful places I’ve been to in Spain.
Flexie:0)
I still had to stop at the grocery.
If you can say, however, “go to www.availableinfo where responses to all of your basic questions about our anti-doping program can be found”, the matter becomes immediately defused. In an age where I can go online and find out the results of my kid’s math test before he gets home from school; where the day’s results of the entire Olympic Games can be transmitted around the world AS they happen; where the answers to almost any question one can imagine are just a few “clicks” away; it would seem that providing a reasonable level of information regarding the sport’s anti-doping program could be done by enlisting the aid of a high school computer science intern who would probably be happy to set up the system for little more than advanced credit.
Assuming you did, and things have not gotten better, then it is time to politely tell her that you think there should be a parting of ways. Look at your agency agreement to see if this needs to be done in writing, and in what sort of time frame. Agency agreements can vary quite a bit, so be sure you're following the terms in yours.
at all precincts.
The world always looks brighter from behind a smile. ~Author Unknown
5. As for Buckthorn ... We hope she devours it! So far though she has been munching on the oak firewood, my prize pagoda dogwood (we hope it lives), the sugar maple, tulips (just about to open ... ouch!).
9. There's a mongoose, who eventually saves the day, if you count taking down the man-snake and subsequent object of Heather Menzie's character's affection as saving the day, which I do.
Mind: I said no!
Jiggley Wiggley Trellis – Anna
Now, you probably already knew that crunches won’t burn your belly fat off. You’re clever like that, I know! But ab exercises will make those muscles look awesome, once you burn-through, if that is really your goal.
Trust your gut
Join AiA, the Association of Independent writers. They have an Authors Resource Guide with people who can help with every aspect of the process from A to W. Sorry, if you need something from X, Y or Z, it’s not there.
The doom of sport shall fall;
But Williams couldn’t have gotten away with this con job without the wink and nod complicity of NPR, maybe the better word is disingenuousness. NPR officials certainly were not clueless about Williams two faced con. There he was for all to see shaking and nodding his head in agreement with every conservative flack that paraded across the stage on the O’Reilley show and other conservative gab fests on Fox. His confrontational hit style on Fox fit in neatly with the tone, temper and rabid right echo chamber sound box of the network.
I was up early, because I had a phone call from my parents house from my mother's caregiver. My dad had coughed all night and was very short of breath and congested. Mom hadn't slept, because the coughing kept her up all night. My brother was taking my dad to the emergency room. I hope dad doesn't have pneumonia, because he is 93. I tried getting my dad to see his doctor during the week, but he was stubborn and wouldn't go. So, now here it is the weekend, and he will have to be seen in the emergency room at the hospital. I'm hoping he has bronchitis and not pneumonia, and will be given antibiotics and can come home.
On Sono Hanabira, got AXYPB to do everything for me so I just have to do the text translating.
However, the reality is, like all of Idema's so-called business ventures, it is a fig leaf designed to hide the hairy nakedness of a criminal venture by means of honest people like Penny Alesi and Herbert Doe (last name withheld per request by informant) with titular authority over Isabeau Dakota.
For lunch i will either have a salad with chicken or tuna or a shake
Anyway, this weekend I picked up a box of Valentine cards for each of the kids so in addition to the crafts we did at my dad's house, I had plans to do our own thing too. Last night Haylee scribbled circles onto her Dora cards while Ryan took his time and did well on his baseball ones. We put a little baggie of conversation hearts with each card so they could hand them out to their friends at daycare.
They reneged on their promise, and instead started to fake a “cold war” with the Soviet Union – which was designed to support the military industries.
“I came over the wall.”
To get yourself some teeth. He did, I was there.
And by the laughter, I surmise that she could tell without me letting her in on the secret. Apparently, besides my accent deepening into obscurity, I raised my voice several decibels and reverted to my Ghanenglish grammar peppered with Dagbani, something that is significantly different from the speech my Canadian-raised family is used to. And now I’m laughing and blushing, and internally cringing because I feel proud to retain vestiges of my Ghanaian communication skills, but wondering how to balance this maintenance of my slightly shifted identity while re-learning how to connect with Canadians. Especially because I need to sound polished and professional at my upcoming interviews for medicine.
“I could only pray he’d be the winner of my first year on America’s Got Talent. I’d be so honoured. America’s gonna vote and I think America would vote for him. I do. I really do.”
1/2 teasp bicarb. soda
Stoltz releases this 7 inch, a follow up to the Sub Pop album, “To Dreamers.” This single finds itself on the French indie label Les Disques Steak, who’ve pressed some lovely records by the likes of Tyvek, Les Bellas, and Destination Lonely.
I have 5 boys--the oldest of which just turned 10. SO, as I am sure you can probably imagine, there's a LOT of energy at our house . . . which is magnified a hundred fold when it's Christmas time. :)
Should there be an age limit for televised talent contests?
Bear in mind, Estrella's problems began before this new law was passed. Once it goes into effect, how much worse will it be?
Hop presses. They were so economic, those Victorians. Extracting every bit of worty goodness the hops had soaked up
2. I Can't Remember, But Yes (Argent)
His protege Judy Collins discovered Leonard Cohen and gave him his first gig. Judy became Steven Stills lover and was the inspiration for "Suite- Judy Blue Eyes".
Use the leftover marinade as the sauce. Cook it in the frying pan and bring to a boil. Pour a little of the sauce into the fried taukan before serving.
“To Live Dead is to live life wholly for Jesus. To die to self, knowing God will do a greeter work through you. To announce the life of God among those who are unreached.”
At the time we were in Ireland, they were still recovering from unusually cold and snowy weather. Much of the country had experienced a freeze. Because it was an uncommon occurrence in the country, pipes froze and then burst once the thaws hit. Many towns and cities experienced a loss of water and a water curfew ensued for several days. The worst that we were personally hit was the day we were in Cashel. Everywhere we went looking for facilities, we were told "we have no water". You know, that's a little tough on someone who drinks just a few too many Diet Cokes (not me, mind you. Blech). Don't tell anyone, but one member of our little party had to desecrate the grounds of a national historic site. Couldn't be helped. Good thing the weather and the lack water kept most people indoors that day!
Its a sunny day today.... looks like the gardening might win over the craft room...*sigh*
I today salute such courage. I salute such determination.This challenges me. I certainly have returned to my drawing board yet again to make sure my path is clear too and I know without a doubt that I know what I want to do and I have an idea on how to get there.
Granted, like John Carter, there are parts of the Avengers which I simply don't like. The bit which launched this article being the main one, but also because I just felt the movie didn't really fit that well with all of the preceeding ones. Maybe it's because I was disappointed they didn't give more information on what happened between the endings of the other various films and this one. How long had Captain American been working for shield? How long had Dr. Selvig been working for shield? How did Bruce Banner get from his cabin in British Columbia to India. Why did they reference so many things from the deleted scenes of the other movies? What the heck happened to War Machine to make it so he didn't show up? Were him and General Ross dealing with other threats? I realize most of these things are not questions the casual viewer would even consider, but to me, they are important.
Certainly there are a million writers on the web. A few years ago I was part of an online writing community - and the one thing all the stories had in common was there utter lack of experimentation. In many ways the ideas of "hypertext" fiction and poetry remains a valid and vivid one - but many of these "techniques" are hardly new to the web, as a trawl through the wonderful Ubu.web reminds one. A newish avant garde magazine/publisher such as Manchester's ifpthenq or Norwich's Landfill appears to prefer the traditional book/pamphlet for their non-traditional work.
^^ it’s true. you might want him but you don’t need him, hard as it may be to believe that when you’re still head over heels in love. If he needs you, he’ll make sure you know and if he doesn’t make sure you know then he doesn’t need you; let him find the girl he does need and accept it ain’t you … i know i don’t take my own advice lol.
Sweet Thames, run softly, for I speak not loud or long.
I got one life, one life, one life
Those words, first spoken more that twenty one centuries ago have been quoted often during the ensuing millennia, and are repeated frequently by nationalists in our own time. We need not question their longevity, for they remain as relevant and as apt today as they did when Cicero spoke them in the first century BC. In fact they are words never more pertinent than today, for our modern society has so blurred the line between honour and betrayal, between truth and between lies that traitors can move more freely, can spread their poison more widely and can have a more devastating effect than at almost any previous time in our history.
This contemplation may begin at the level of the mind but in time it descends into the depths of our being and takes us over completely. It pervades our feelings and perceptions as well as our thoughts.
Again, start with character. Why are they after the object? Who are they? What are their thoughts and feelings? What if they're not white, black-suited dudes at all - but a gang of good-looking teenage Asian martial artists. Or a trio of middle-aged women with snaky hair and long fingernails. Or silent people dressed as stormtroopers. What motivates them and just how far will they go?
Your doctor can tell precisely what position your baby is in.
Friday (the day I skipped thanks to my stomach issues): walk 5 minutes, jog 3 minutes, walk 5 minutes.
organizations to manage and maintain, simply for the use of particular data. In addition to routine maintenance costs, a cascading amount
68. Go hiking
Uhm, isn't that in the communist part of Germany? We cannot go there.
On a brighter note Alyson has found a good use for raw garlic. Garlic is both antibacterial and antiviral! Any time Alyson has a cough or a sniffle she chops a clove in half and swallows them like pills. Its cheaper and more natural that the capsules they sell in the store and it works well. But be warned it is still garlic and 1 or 2 days later you may smell it again, if you know what I mean….
1 egg ( lightly beaten )
because it ruined your day sort of?
I do believe that human beings make the best angels, and so you know who you are.
I took ProMarkers and color the Stick Pony Denim Blue then I take Carmel and Tan and color the girl Hat and boots. I take Ivory and color her arms and face and Sky Blue to color her shirt. I thought I had picture of it but I did not and I am still in Nevada sorry but it made it look real nice.
Shabana Azmi: Watching Aamir Khans TV show on female foeticide. SUPERB. Bravo Aamir.. What a huge service u r doing. Bless u. Jeete Raho. Khush raho. Aamir Khans show can bring a revolution. Thoroughly researched covers all aspects touches emotional chord n forces us to reexamine ourselves
We will also have a light snack available during the final show for the participants, but we recommend them also having water with them.
Yves Rocher was bright and illuminated. The store always looked clean and items weren’t crammed together as to be overwhelming. The salesladies always seemed very professional – I only later realized that it was because Yves Rocher also offers spa services. I’ve never tried any myself, but I loved their Les Plaisirs body washes and lotions – they all smelled fruity! There was coconut, mango, vanilla, apricot, pear… so delicious! But the smells were never so overpowering that I would cough when I smelled the products. So any products I bought were usually the shower gels and body lotions. I’ve used up a good number of them, too. The shower gels smelled great and were non-irritating – I used them as a shaving gel, as well. The body lotions were moisturizing without feeling heavy. I can’t stress enough how good everything smelled! I even bought their body sprays, but later realized I didn’t necessarily want to walk around all day smelling like a pear.
Mix and press into the bottom of a 9x13 pan
● Contact: 480-321-9745 or 480-686-2125 visionn2action@yahoo.com
I could have
bury me above ground,
cuddling their first grandchild. Jessica began to whimper
The Sobol Award kicked up into the writers world recently again. First off, if you are not familiar with this award, then please read the web site, The Sobol Award.
I approached Austin and said, "I'll ask you one more time. And think very carefully about your answer. Do you have any assignments due today?"
Hubbie worked today to fill in for another man on vacation this week so when he got home from work we made a trip to Sam's Club and then with clouds that looked like rain any minute we tilled and planted some old timey field corn in 3 rows at the back of our garden. It sprinkled a little just as we finished but then stopped when we came inside. We need some rain,maybe later tonight and tomorrow !
Charlene M. Proctor: Filtering life through “old programming” is a widespread experience that many people feel they are living life unconsciously. Their reaction to current day situations stems from past behaviors or experiences that prevent them from living a full life. Old programming is the carryover of emotional patterns. We inherit these patterns from culture and our families. Negative statements such as “you are not good enough” are examples. Religion is responsible for a lot of societal conditioning, as well as old traumas, dramas, or stories. This becomes a ‘knee jerk reaction to living’ and results in a person living on autopilot where every experience is filtered through old programming. Many people empty, automated, and “without life.” Like machines, people are meeting their needs by focusing on task lists, logic, achievement, materialism, doing and not being.
At another point, Bill Wilson added: “I sort of always felt that something was lost from A.A. when we stopped emphasizing the morning meditation.” (See DR. BOB, supra, p. 178).
I didn't get on the scale this morning. it was a little crazy getting everyone up & out & since I keep the scale down stairs to deter me from weighing everytime I go into my bathroom it is hard to weigh first thing in the morning.
Pushing her way through the crowd,
I’ve already mentioned that I haven’t been tearing through the holiday beers as much as I did last year. Could be a number of reasons: (1) we’re more broke this year and I know that some of these holiday offerings will be on the sale rack in a couple weeks (2) I’ve had a houseful of women kinfolk this past week and consequently, I’ve been drinking less in an effort to keep my wits about me. (Men are generally less intelligent than wimmin and it only gets worse when the ladies congregate and a fellow gets a belly full of barley pop – I tend to say the dumbest things about six bottles into the evening!) (3) perhaps I’ve settled on a few seasonals that I know I’ll like and have wisely decided to pick only a couple of rare birds for sampling.
and the back show how I incorporated the sewing, even though I don't have a machine that has feed dogs.
Later there was a video on the web of them burning some copies of Fairport Convention's Liege and Lief, a reference to a band called The KLF who claim to have burnt a million quid in the early 90s.
Here’s what I remember of my days at the Sacred Heart Day Nursery:
She couldn’t help us to study, but took care that we finished our homework on time, submitted our projects, arranged our bags, learnt our lessons for the test, ate well and slept on time. Nothing had deterred her dedication as a loving mother who never expected anything in return. Anything she said in terms of discipline was counted as nagging.
As I began to lose weight, I felt good about fitting into clothes I hadn’t fit into for quite awhile; I felt good about completing workouts (including jogging!); and I just felt good about accomplishing a goal. But…
Director: Lawrence Kasdan
It is funny that the national alcohol of Brazil, cachaça, is close enough to the word, cacheta. Right? Cachaça, cacheta. Gin, gin. Rummy, rum. What’s the deal? Nothing goes better with cards than alcohol? Or vice versa?
Bruschetta – Great bruschetta – ciabatta with tomatoes and shaved parm.
“The size and scope of this misconduct — stretching to far-away islands never before having standing as approved United States Bank affiliates — is remarkable and emblematic of what we have seen,” he continued. “The bank crisis represents the height of corruption and brazen behavior where our historically trusted financial institutions have no qualms about breaking the law, because they have the Administration behind them. Banks do well enough when they operate lawfully without needing to be permitted to operate as criminal enterprises that steal money from United States citizens.”
So, I know this was supposed to just be a few words and my pictures, but as I always point out, I'm not good at keeping things short and I feel like I owe a bit of an explanation for not really being around this week. It's just been one thing after another. I even started my green series post for yesterday while lying in bed with Emery Wednesday night around midnight. I just never had a free moment to finish. It will be back next week, I promise! I know you all mourned the missing post. Your heart can rest now.
Silver fruit upon silver trees;
Cook soba according to package directions, then drain and rinse under cold water.
Covered with cushiony clover
The authoritarian responses in Cape Town or indeed in Oakland on the same weekend may seem less violent than the ferocious clampdowns in Syria and Senegal. But whether by bullets or teargas, states throughout the world are revealing how their response to a perceived sense of social crisis is to fortify the rule of power and privilege. You can petition and complain all you want, just don’t take it onto the streets.
The Vlog brothers have helped develop several online memes such as Nerdfighteria and the term DFTBA which is an encouraging catchphrase that they have printed on t-shirts and other merchandise. The Vlog Brothers recently increased their online presence even more by setting up a forum joking called 'Your Pants'. This has lead to much humour in their videos as they will often say things such as "More can be found in a thread in Your Pants" or "Look out for each other in Your Pants". The website was recently hacked so whilst repairs were being made to the website showed the error message "Oops Your Pants is down!"
Orbital Sanders – The Basics
The mage tower is your standard magic damage tower that attacks both land and air.
By the time mom and I came to our own showdown I’d had a lot more experience with losing friends and people who might otherwise have felt love for me. So when she asked “Why are you doing this to me?” it didn’t kill me. It stung me hard, but not to death. I am sorry though for the distress I caused her. That was never my intent. I wasn’t trying to do anything to her; I was just trying to do something to me.
A few people asked about the image I used on my snippet make yesterday .. .. it is actually from Pink Petticoat and you will find it here.
Guadarrama had reportedly tied string around his ankles to stop the bottles slipping out.
“Can I bring my pig?” my sister asks over the telephone this morning.
improve blood pressure, increase energy levels and improved bone health just to
Night by night
Yet, of all this horror, we read nothing in the press, hear nothing from our politicians and see nothing on our TV screens. Our media and our politicians do not acknowledge these atrocities and do no want us to know about them, because they do not sit comfortably with either their political views or their agenda, and also because, as the victims are white they do not care.
In India, the lentil is known as dal or daal. For many centuries, lentils were considered to be “the poor man’s meat.” In Catholic countries, those who couldn’t afford fish would eat lentils during Lent instead.
27. Shirts get dirty. Underwear gets dirty. Pants? Pants never get dirty, and you can wear them forever.
At this point in time – now
As it is, restaurants need as much reason to raise prices as North Korea needs to launch a missile. But the rental market is heating up, and landlords are basically sharks with legs. As surrounding rents go up, they’ll try to match it, which prompts F&B tenants to skyrocket prices.
So, that was lesson number one. For me. But school wasn't over. There was more to learn...
El Valle is a peaceful village connected to Bahía Solano by an 18 km road. Life there moves to the rhythms of the tide. When it flows, it extends over a strip of sand close to which the hotels stand and nourishes the rivers descending from the Baudó Range. One of these rivers is the Valle River, which has four species of mangrove bordering its margins.
till the call came..........
The image is Bubble Bath from Sassy Studio Designs. I paper pieced the tub to match the background paper and then colored the rest of the image in with colored pencils. I added some glossy accents to the bubbles and watch splash.
Then I got sight of the second question.
Of course living in New York City it’s not so easy to protect your child from the dark side of life- especially during the Christmas season- you know with all those various members of the wretched of the earth- on the subway for example- excusing themselves for ruining your day, your holiday season— by begging for money or even some food you might have on you and are thinking of throwing away. Sometimes, I feel so bad I even think of reaching deep into my pocket and bringing up some coins but usually can’t because I’m so squeezed in between two people I can’t possibly reach into anywhere without having to stand up and draw attention to myself. So I usually drop the idea.
Reid: I like him - he once killed a guy
Yesterday, the bank said it “rejects any suggestion that it was unduly exposed at the time the loan was granted or that there was undue risk involved”.
No need to feel bad for me, because I’m happy now for the first time in what seems like ages. Funny what you get used to.
“In 2011-12, women also led many of the most prestigious public institutions in the Big 10 and the University of California System. Four women head the Big 10 institutions. Three of the four women leaders hold terminal degrees in the natural or physical sciences. Women serve as chancellor of three UC campuses. All 10 chancellors, including all three women, of the UC system campuses are scientists, engineers, or physicians.”
Cumcumber-Yogurt Sauce (with additions its Tzatziki!)
Special mention must go to Jessica and the trashiest swimsuit of all time, though:
The Italian loaf I got was a package of two, and they were both about a foot long. I had six very hungry girlfriends over and we didn't even finish one. So half the recipe if you're only doing one loaf, because there are enough ingredients here to fill a boat. Two, actually. Of bread.
Accessories: Ornate flowers EF (Sizzix), sponge, medium branch punch (Martha Stewart), ribbon, adhesive pearls, flowers (Michaels), Labdls 9 dies(Spellbinders), pearl string (my stash), Prismacolor pencils, mineral spirits.
Here's a look at his magnificent house and garden at Musk Farm.
I hope that you are all well and that you are having a nice week :)
Today was my Personal Wellness “final.” (It was really just a unit test) It took all of 14 minutes for me to finish the test. But during that 14 minutes, some girl behind me was coughing. Probably for a good 7 minutes. I’m not very patient when I’m taking tests- I get insanely irritated by little things. This was one of them. I really wanted to turn around and force a stupid cough drop down her throat. I mean, seriously! I probably would have been slightly more forgiving had it actually sounded like she had a cold or something, but it definitely sounded as though she were faking the coughs. That was actually the part that pissed me off. And now that I’m back in the dorm, I was thinking about other little things that piss me off when they happen during quiet parts of class or during tests. And here they are:
Jax looks so different with his hair short. Is he going to grow it out again?
Besides that, I’ll see you in October!
Long gone are the times of bamboo rods and to an explicit extent fiber-glass rods. Technology advances currently offers us access to an abundance of decisions with the most kind of rod construction being graphite. These rods provide power, accuracy and therefore the strength to land huge fish in all fishing things.
Well anyway. I don't remember exactly when this happened, but Sly and Doris' CD player breaks. Fortunately, for them, we have an abundance of CD/DVD players at our house. More CD/DVD players than we have TVs or stereos (but not as many as we have remotes) so Primo mails the extra player to them.
Hmmm, well… It’s not much! Difficult when I read a series and it all takes place in one spot, plus the multiple ones that take place in NY and CA. I’ll have to update periodically when I get some more books under my belt!
And the people that run these countries? None of them seem to want that. So do you really think any country is truly at peace?
Link has expired.
Whatever happened with the lights out, the girl is now saying that she is afraid to walk her dog. I feel sorry for the dog, who must be wondering why its mistress is so horribly traumatised. If I were the girl’s counsellor, I would attempt to reassure her with the following words.
Maybe he deserved to have his name cleared but what right does he have to take a handful of innocent people, use them as human shield, terrorize them for a good 11 hours, and then kill them? You do not right a mistake by making another. Certainly, you do not hostage a bus at gun-point and expect the country to believe you, more so have the government listen. That’s just stupid.
Winners will be announced Wednesday 6th July
At compound interest of cent per cent.
Fumbles
Now, as I'll be at the Norwich Makers Market on Saturday (St Thomas' Church, Earlham Road 11 - 4 if you're around these here parts) I've been trying to get a few more new pieces made.
If you like the plungered made coffee, you can buy a packet of coffee powder.
No, I got influenced a lot by other artistes. You know, we all get influenced, otherwise we will be so rigid. You must admire somebody and want to be like somebody. The only thing is don’t overdo it, because you can never be that somebody. At the end of the day, if you have learnt what you have to learn, come back and be yourself.
“The third time he said to him, ‘Simon son of John, do you love me?’ Peter was hurt because Jesus asked him the third time, ‘Do you love me?’ He said, ‘Lord, you know all things (Ya Rabb! Anta talam kulli shay); you know that I love you.’ Jesus said, ‘Feed my sheep.’” John 21:17
WARNING – This episode contains copious amounts of One Direction. Women with heart conditions are advised not to look directly at One Direction. This also applies to women without heart conditions. They’re very pretty – see? See how pretty they are? They’re very pretty! I’d like to run my fingers through their hair; and I’m just text! Anyway, without further ado, enjoy your iCarly episode.
A ﬁrst-century martyr named Stephen would have understood their choice. He also chose to love those who caused him pain. He was seized and accused of blasphemy because he proclaimed that Jesus was the Messiah and the Son of God. Stephen chose to aﬃrm his faith and defend it biblically. His accusers responded by ston- ing him. As he was on the brink of death, he prayed for his execu- tioners. Acts 7:60 tells us that he “fell on his knees and cried out, ‘Lord, do not hold this sin against them.’ When he had said this, he fell asleep.”
Powered energy Drinks
*Pray with boys every night. Even when I am exhausted OR they have made me crazy!
Welcome to my post this week for Metamorphosis Monday! Thanks to Susan of Between Naps on the Porch for hosting this weekly event where we see what amazing transformations are going on in Blogland!
***I will be blogging from home***
Interestingly, though, I seem to have lost the list of blogs I've been following all along--I'm not sure why this has happened. But I wonder if it's something tied to my inability to comment on any blogs as well. There has been a lot I've wanted to say in response to some excellent entries over the past few months, and every time I have attempted to do so, I'm hit with the "choose an account"--and when I do, nothing happens. It's as though I've no account and am thus unable to sign in at all.
Well...hello again, my lovelies!! I've been a busy little mama . . . or in my case, grand-mama!! Still recovering from vacay...and trying to shake the nasty cold I've managed to catch!! I've decided that I won't get rid of it until I give it away! Any volunteers? Nah . . . I thought not! Well, let's talk about my new card for this week's cool challenge at Mo's DP2 Challenge Blog, shall we? Our hostess this week, Sheila, is actually taking a bit of a break for health reasons. But, she did give us a cool "Bingo" card to use for this week's challenge . . . soooooooooooooo . . . let's play . . .
Haha, relax. I am not trying to kill myself. But this post is and I am sure so will you after you read it. You see, a few months back, in my usual alcoholic escapades, I met a guy who narrated to me his story. He told me how he had been looking for a job and how when he was about to give up all hope, he finally landed one as a Shamba Boy. It wasn’t a prestigious job per se, but the benefits that supposedly came with it were incredible. The job was simple; tend to the little garden at a guy’s house for Ksh 20,000 per month. If he showed his commitment by staying on the job for at least a year and a half, he would get a car and a house. Not bad for a Shamba Boy, right? Sadly, he quit before he even started the job. In my head, he was a dumb ass; in Kenya getting a job with a tax-free salary and guaranteed job security is a hustle. Then the story got nasty…
Simone brought me bread and red wine in a charming bottle that was set in a basket which emphasized that I was in Italy. More basket-bottles were hanging from the ceiling. A pair of old women in the corner were tucking into their first course: roast chicken. While eating, they sipped on white wine that they had mixed with aqua frizzante to make a spritzer.
Or maybe – in these days when we’re re-considering dozens of other societal institutions — it’s time to revisit the value of gravity. Has this fundamental interaction of nature lost its appeal? Do we still want to live in a universe in which objects with mass attract one another? Or is it time to shop around for other systems of physics?
Rule 3. Even if everything that is happening on stage makes you shrivel with horror and/or boredom, refrain from expressing your outrage and disappointment out loud until the show is finished. Unless, that is, you are invited by the performers to do so, in which case go right ahead.
*giggles*
The Spirit of God, who raised Jesus from death, lives in me, then He who raised Christ from death will also give life to my mortal body by the presence of His Spirit in me. God’s Spirit joins Himself to my spirit to declare that I am a child of God. Since I am a child of God, I will possess the blessings God keeps for His people, and I will also posses with Christ what God has kept for Him; for if I share Christ suffering, I will also share His Glory! Amen!
COMPONENTS:
Blue ceiling, here I come!
Posted by Ann Barnhardt - October 18, AD 2011 7:10 PM MST
Sunny herself could possibly cut a deal with that juice company that makes “Sunny Delight.”
She couldn't pick me up for a while and hence the mayhem began. Mistake #1: I forgot to bring my sunglasses but I decided to depart anyway. And by "depart" I mean this: picture a chubby kid too tall for his age in a blindfold looking for a pinata minus the broomstick. Now picture him at the street corner walk sign trying to cross a busy intersection in the downtown core of a city. And his eyes were watering. And pedestrians seemed to be giving him a wide berth. That was me. And that's how profoundly sun-blinded I was due to the dilation.
7. Lisa Lutz "Curse of the Spellmans"
As a subject in the school curriculum, history was initially neglected during the transition to majority rule. The establishment of the “South African History Project” changed that. The Project’s aim, according to Sasha Polakow-Suransky of the Chronicle of Higher Education, has been “a resurrection of the subject as a prominent field of study in the national school curriculum.” Unfortunately, following the American academy’s example, the trend has been away from “the pursuit of objective historical truth,” toward a postmodern, politically correct reconstruction of historical events, with the aim of fostering “certain values,” in the words of Kader Asmal, the minister of education in 2000.
The two photo's above are the same, As you can tell.
Nor are the Protestants immune to this charge. The word ‘roundhead’ still inspires wrath in Ireland, 260 years after its denotation expired. Old townhouses in Holland still contain secret nooks where Catholics worshipped in fear. Michael Servetus perished not in a Catholic but a Calvinist bonfire. Women in 17th century Puritan New England or Lutheran Scandinavia were treated as though those were still the times of 1st century’s 1 Corinthians 14:34-35.
I love how CABIN doesn’t back off this point, as at the end of the movie a giant hand of an Ancient One crashes up through the facility and destroys the cabin, signalling bad days ahead for humanity. While there’s plenty of allusions to other horror movies, CABIN doesn’t depend on the conventions of the genre the way the SCREAM franchise does. The largely unknown cast college kids (this movie was filmed prior to Hemsworth getting cast as Thor) are all good, but the real joy of CABIN comes from Richard Jenkins and Bradley Whitford, and the frequent cuts away from the cabin to check in with the technicians and scientists. Director Goddard masterfully switches back and forth, and reveals the deeper story of the Ancient Ones slowly.
Mamas, don’t let your sons grow up to be drivers
So throw open a window, and enjoy the week-end!
The paranoia
I colored the image with copics. The lace die is by MFT. I cut two of them and put them together and attached the ribbon in the middle. I made the flowers, ferns and leaves using Martha Stewart punches. The sentiment was computer generated using PSE, and then layered using the round and scalloped dies by Spellbinders.
According to this article, 88 percent of mothers admit they "can’t stop themselves looking down on others who do not do things ‘their way.'" It's not difficult to understand why this might be. It might be because we think there is only one right way, and that obviously, it's our way. Anything that deviates from our way can't be right, because that would make our way wrong.
Father, we come into Your presence with thanksgiving in our hearts and give You praise. We ask you to be merciful to our land because You are a loving, forgiving God. You have called on us, Your children, to be a people of prayer, devotion, and denial of self. We pray for our land to repent of neglect and defiance of Your holy commands. In the name of Jesus we come against the powers of darkness that seek to engulf the light of Your salvation that brings help, hope, and forgiveness to sin sick souls and secures their eternal dwelling in heaven. Help us not to grow weary in our intercession, for we want to be faithful in prayer so that, at a future date, we will witness the harvest of souls. We pray for Your will to be accomplished in the Name of Jesus. Amen.
Our conclusion? If we could come up with 40 reasons to be happy in minutes, we must have thousands (maybe millions!) of reasons to be happy. And we both decided just making the list made us super happy!
"He was sweet, caring ... my lover," she said. "He always tried to make people laugh."
Jesse and I wandered over there last night--it's walkable from our house, but I think biking would be a bit better, just to get to the cheese faster.
Vinegar, 1 teaspoon
—There’s a lovely true story about that. At the time Charles Dickens was writing Oliver Twist he had a friend who was working at the Houses of Parliament as an artist. Anyway a squabble broke out between the artist and one of the MPs over a woman, and the MP got the artist sacked. When the artist relayed this to Dickens, Dickens said he would immortalise the scoundrel by naming a nasty character after him in the latest book he was writing. The MP’s name was Bill Sykes.)
And what of Stuart Howe and the rest of what he does at Sharp's?
However, when your child grows up, she will be the one with the choice. If you want her to choose to continue to stick with you then, start being someone she would choose now. Start trusting, start accepting her now. Understand that the only thing you can truly control about your child is your half of your relationship with her. The only person you can control without fail is yourself.
Level 11: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 234%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 11% chance to stun the enemy for 3 seconds.
The inspiration around the house for the Get Sketchy challenge was our place settings, which are a red gingham placemat with a white dinner plate on it. The patterned paper is from the new Modern Homemaker paper pad from October Afternoon. The notecard and shimmer couture paper are from A Muse. I used the Nestablities circle dies to make the plate and charger. The silverware stamp is from A Muse and I embossed it with gold glitter embossing powder from American Crafts to resemble the "good silverware". The sentiment stamp is my new What's Cooking cling set from Taylored Expressions. This set is so adorable and I'm so excited to use the rest of it to make many more cards! I thought it needed just a little something else so I added the pearls above the sentiment, which are from A Muse. I hope my MIL likes it and so do you! I hope all of you get to enjoy some time with your families tomorrow and this weekend. I also hope you get to steal some time for yourself to create. Happy Crafting!
easy-going attitude.
Arequipa may only be the second largest city in Peru, but it is definitely the most charming (sorry, Cusco…) The old town still maintains most of its colonial-era architecture, built with silla – a pearly-white volcanic rock mined in the area around Arequipa. Most notably, the city is overlooked by the (now dormant) snow-capped volcano, El Misti and is surrounded by 80 others!
I eye up the scale, and then my stockinged feet. Here we go. Indeed. I square my shoulders and step on, one foot, two foot, perfectly parallel on the white platform.
Remember the "weed" boxes in the living room post? well...I had to do something with them...they had such neat detail but were orange and brown...
I've been needing a way to organize all my loose papers on my desk, and when I discovered this brocade wall file online, I thought it was perfect (if you know me and my love for anything white with a cutout pattern). So you can imagine my excitement when I go to order it and discover that it's on sale ($10 off!) making it around $25 shipped. I would still consider that a splurge for something so basic, but it's already paid off in the amount of happiness it brings just looking at it.
scent of night
When Astrid saw my image of the wooden tops, she said "Ohhhhh!"
wasabi for coating
It's simple to play along.. you can enter only once (no back-linking, please) and just follow Sassy Jackie's sketch for this week. The sassy design team will be by to say hello and leave a bit of sassyness! Just link up your creation here using InLinkz. You can link to your online gallery (SCS, PCP, etc.) or to your blog.
THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY LOUISIANA CHICKEN PASTA
On first arrival I was unsurprised. The massive malls, colorful luminescent billboards, the LL Beans and Trumps of the world being worshipped like deities. It was a little beautiful. Strip clubs, dingy “Cash-for-Gold” shops, and 7-elevens plastered the sidewalks as waypoints to the drunk and impoverished. There was a certain power in it. Resorts casino way a towering presence on the skyline, with two gigantic titan-sized lamps facing to the heavens, offering maybe some sort of transcendence to those who entered. Some casino on the boardwalk stood as a slimy capitalist imitation of the Lighthouse of Alexandria. Trump’s Taj Mahal, Caesar’s Palace (apparently not the real Las Vegas one where Caesar lived), all feebly called on historic greatness, whispering to New Jersey, “give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.”
Paige Sheridan has the perfect life. She's pretty, rich, and popular, and her spot on the homecoming court is practically guaranteed. But when a night of partying ends in an it-could-have-been-so-much worse crash , everything changes. Her best friends start ignoring her, her boyfriend grows cold and distant, and her once-adoring younger sister now views her with contempt. The only bright spot is
They are ready to be printed (in a high photo quality for the
I was nervous about spending anything right now, but I'll tell ya, I enjoyed being catered to.
GaGa
All three changes have resulted directly from deliberate social or economic engineering on the part of post war governments, and it is impossible to argue that a reduction in births was not a primary aim, at least of the first two or that a reduction in births has been a direct result of the third.
mothers day!
You will need good quality colored pencils, I like prismacolor premiers.
Then, when I started no 'poo-ing, it made my forehead and around my mouth break out a bit. And this time I knew the culprit. I wasn't following the baking soda wash with the apple cider vinegar rinse every time and therefore was altering the pH of my scalp and face. BIG NO-NO!
The smell of foreclosure has become an incredible stench
There are more fabulous inspirational creations on the La-La Land Crafts Blog both today and on Friday and don't forget that you can link up your La-La Land Crafts makes to the Customer Gallery to be in with a chance to win a prize
A confused silence hangs in the air. "Wait, what?"
Top officials from the United States Patent and Trademark Office and successful inventors and entrepreneurs will headline the agency's 11th Annual Independent Inventors Conference, September 8-9, 2006 at the USPTO's Alexandria, Virginia headquarters. First time attendees are further invited to participate in a pre-conference from 5-7 p.m. on September 7. The pre-conference—a basic primer on patents and trademarks—is included in the registration fee.
After grandcharging, Sat relents and allows Sita back at the school…. Ironically, head of the PTA, Mootoo, complaining that no one thinking of the children. And you have to stop and ask yourself…if there is a court order, that has blocked the transfer and basically means Sita has to remain as principal of the school for now…who being more foolish and obstructionist? Not the Maha Sabha Education Board? Who going to the media with press releases everytime? Sita or Sat? I am wondering if the two main men on this board even see how dumb they look everytime they decide to buck the legal system? Why does Sat think the laws don’t apply to him? What he partners Devant and Tim have to say on this boy? Or are they in support of his behaviour?
Apparently the "courting bench" was a long, rocking-chair like contraption that young lovers used to bend the rules about sitting near each other. The young man would sit at one end and the young lady at the other end, where they could converse at a "safe" distance. But they could also "bounce" slightly down the rocking bench, eventually making their way closer and closer to each other. If they were really lucky they might actually end up sitting next to each other.
I'm happy that I'm not as much of a dumb-ass as I've been for much of my life. I think I'll be a better father for not being younger but again, one never knows. Suffice it to say I'm truly excited to be a father to both Number 1 and Hellboy and a husband to Stretch. We'll see how it all goes won't we?
It was one of the hottest days this year. The summer has arrived. Can you tell it was hot by how the frosting melted and got a bit slouchy? It was still good of course! My daughter savored every bit of the chocolate frosting.
Yuck! My sister said it reminded her of a poker chip. Gee, just the look I was going for. So I made it white again.
“She’s glad I’m not driving home because I’m really tired,” he snickered, “But I just thought, ‘my mom’s happy I’m spending the night at my girlfriend’s!’”
For what I’ve done
I made this crochet flower square to be the centre piece for a cushion I'm going to make for my daughter.
Or down from the great lakes or in Pennsylvania, or on deck along the
Prancin’ Filly, Chet Atkins
In his words, something inside of me ticked. And immediately, I felt a flash of defensiveness. But I stopped myself before I could say anything more. I just don’t get how those signs had resurface in font of my brother with so much clarity. While it took me more than three years to figure it out. I admit, there are just some things that were clearly beyond my understanding.
CL. Since the beginnings of the Sound Arts department at London College of Communication (LCC), the first course of which I developed in 1998, I began to observe the work produced by female students had significant differences from the work produced by male students. While I did not want to set up a meaningless binary – men do this/women do that – kind of thing, I was interested in taking some time to investigate whether this was in fact true and what, if anything women students both past and present thought about this in relation to their experience as sound students at LCC. In the 80s and 90s I had been involved in many initiatives to get women and girls involved in music and sound technology, yet although they theoretically had more access to equipment and training, women and girls were still generally very under-represented among sound arts students at LCC (around 10% of the total). I thought that I could use the creative work produced by women students, past and present, to challenge aesthetic perceptions of what sound arts and design at LCC is and can be, and maybe as a result attract more female applicants and widen participation.
"British Medical Journal 1869, vol. 2", 1869, page 245.
“It's different now. We kept our promises, we denied each other but we're free now.”
She used store purchased Mathia flour, a readily made mix of Urad dhal powder and Moong dhal powder. However, people who do not find it in your area can powder the dhals and mix them.
Medhat A, el-Sharkawy MM, Shaaban MM, Makhlouf MM, Ganhein SE. Acute viral hepatitis in pregnancy. Int J Gynaecol Obstet 1993; 40: 25-31.
13. The Happening - Diana Ross & The Supremes / 2:55
Adam Foulds, The Quickening Maze, Random House, Jonathan Cape
It also needs remembering that for most workers, Foxconn is dramatically better than the conditions they would have faced twenty years ago. Where they would have labored in the fields, amongst lethal chemicals (with no protective gear), from dawn to dusk every single day, with little if any holiday – to earn around a tenth of what they earn today.
I’d left early that morning for a meeting 45 minutes away, with no plan to return for the better part of the day. Since my mother wasn’t yet up, I locked the house behind me, never thinking that I had not left a key inside for her.
Wow wee, its been some time since my last post...I have been busy to say the least. Between Halloween Festitivities, Scrapbook Expo, my children's activities...I'm barely finding a moment to finish up some Layout's I've started.
He pushed away his angel, for angels don’t exist in an atheist heart
A final warning:
BUT....even I have to admit that the shelves, closets and cupboards are a bit crowded right now!
Yesterday I went out with a buddy of mine. We went out to eat then to a play (The Fairytale Lives of Russian Girls. Very interesting. I bucked at first but ended up really enjoying it.).
After that, no (or very little) running news here.
Act authorizing the President of the Philippines to reorganize within one year the different Executive departments, bureaus, offices, agencies and their instrumentalities of the government, including the corporations owned or controlled by it. (Approved, October 4, 1946.)
– Few Florida Prison Inmates Getting Drug Treatment
In 1959, the current Dalai Lama fled to India amid riots against the Chinese military occupation of Tibet; he remains in exile today. During the Cultural Revolution (1966-77), the remaining monks were expelled and the abandoned palace was looted and damaged by Chinese soldiers.
I usually buy most of these fabrics 10 yards at a time, so I eventually took over the bottom shelf as well. As for the minky, I only buy about 5 yards at a time, but it has so much bulk to it, that anything over 3 yards is impossible to fold and keep neatly. Most of this fabric is used for products I sell in my etsy shop (I've reduced my inventory of products until I can catch up a bit).
Some Somali observers however think otherwise. Some suggested that the idea of defeating al-Shabaab through military means is not only simplistic, but also highly improbable, and gave a host of reasons why it will fail. Others looked at Somalia’s recent past, including the Ethiopian invasion of 2006 to justify fears as to why military action will never work, while others drew on the country’s complex sociopolitical dynamics as a reason why enforcing peace is impossible. Still, others raised doubts as to whether Kenya and the AU have the military capacity to sustain an invasion in Somalia for long.
Tuesday, I usually have Daddy-Daughter-Day, but through the miracle of wife-taking-the-day-off-for-a-doctors-appointment, I was able to get a solid hour of writing in the morning, plus two-hour space between dinner and Bath/Bed procedure, in addition to nap-time, and after Chickerdoodles went to bed, I got a barn-burning, Rip-Snorting, Record-Breaking 4200 words in a day! By Wednesday the 30th, I only had 660 words, and, well, the story kinda tells itself after that.
Not many.
They have a wide variety of dishes served with huge quantity. The price is a bit pricey but if you’re in a group it’s definitely affordable.
different in those days. ITV peremptorily declined to pull the programme, although Thames did agree – with charming mockery I thought – to have an announcer say before each episode, ‘What follows is a work of fiction.’ And then, to rub it in, the play was nominated for a Bafta. (Didn’t win it though – that honour went to Tony Hart cutting up wee bits of paper. Oh, what fun!) The point was made though, and Collins got me to write it as a novel, then I did a
It’s not known how many of these 132,398 'attempted murders' since 2002, also have died later from their injuries. Some become so long-term traumatised and paralysed that it takes many months or even years to die... and the police won't change those deaths to 'murders' because, they claim, these deaths 'could be from other non-related medical causes'...
This month on Gormandize with A-dizzle and K-bobo I've been experimenting with recreating some delicious and classic Iranian dishes in a vegan friendly manner. It's been such a delicious month and I have to give a huge thank you to the person who requested that I feature Iran - what a great choice!! But now it has come to an end - so here is a recap of the tasty treats featured. I hope you enjoyed the learning journey with me. If you'd like to get in on it and request a country for me to feature then head over to this post. Here is what we ate over the last month:
What took place yesterday should be viewed from several different angles. To fundamental Islam it was a great fillip to their dream of a global caliphate, to the supporters of SIOE it was not the success we had hoped for, and to the Socialists it was a comprehensive victory.
Plus there’s nothing new I could add to by creating another male protagonist. There’s a lack of true reflection on the nature of what they do since it’s ‘expected’ of boys to be warriors, at least in literature. By having a female warrior it gave me the opportunity to question this, since Billi doesn’t have the same expectations of ‘what she should be’.
A voice that cries, ‘The tomb in Palestine
I cannot fathom what these women's lives are like, but when confronted with their reality, I'm compelled to do something, and the one thing I can do is support them by purchasing their products. And I have to say I do have this bag and its the perfect size for carrying things back and forth to the car, it holds my Bible, Bible Study books and other necessary items most of the time. Please look at all the cute designs and consider purchasing these for gifts at Christmas. We all have people we need gifts for and your purchase will go to such a worthy cause!
The side opening door also went on beautifully and I was feeling really confident about my door fitting skills......................................... until trouble struck............................
We see Shag, running towards the water’s edge and sniffing the air,
I think that’s a pretty sweet initiative and it’s worth supporting, plus it’s a brilliant “excuse” to approach and photograph strangers without feeling too awkard.
The journalist, who is a regular contributor to Le Monde Diplomatique, points out that since the "rose revolution" of 2003-04, Georgian military spending has effectively been increased by over forty times. The majority of Georgia's arms purchases are financed directly or indirectly from Washington. Salaries for Georgian soldiers have also repeatedly been paid for by American taxpayers.
But what could this possibly mean? If an Egyptian-born radical Muslim who incited violence against non-Muslims, advocated global jihad, and was implicated in a variety of terrorism-related activities could be British, then we are forced to one of two conclusions. The first is that the category of the British citizen had degenerated to the point where it was compatible with these activities, in which case it would be hard to see why it should be granted any significance. The other is that the state was simply wrong, and that, legal issues notwithstanding, Abu Hamza was not British. Either way, the currency of citizenship would have been debased, with a British passport ‘just not worth what it used to be.’
The study, published in Psychological Science, showed that people who score low on I.Q. tests in childhood are more likely to develop prejudiced beliefs and socially conservative politics in adulthood.
It’s been a day of successes, small and large. On the small but important hand, I filed my taxes. So early! How Mature! On a larger scale, my review at work was a roaring success. Fantastic. Grandly, I applied for a job I’d actually like to take but that was far far away and took a lot of courage.
As the relevant pages from these Form 990s show (above and right), the Brooklyn Museum, the Brooklyn Academy of Music, and the Brooklyn Children's Museum have consistently received the largest donations. BAM has gotten at least $100,000 in each of the years, while the Brooklyn Museum has received $100,000 in two of the years.
Shoup’s is a compelling history replete with gun battles and shootouts. On one side there are rulers, most often their henchmen including military and other law enforcement, on the other side rebels, Native peoples to white union men. Recounting the scheming and out-and-out thievery that created the great names and wealth of California, he highlights rank-and-file resistance to exploitation. It’s messy history, but Shoup doesn’t shy away from illuminating the internal battles of the property-less, often drawn along the lines of white supremacy. Here are stories of chilling brutality and great sadness and, against these odds, tales of incredible daring, solidarity, and determination.
Sometimes we crave for past times because it calms us down. Studies have discovered that people who squeeze a day at the spa on their busy weekly schedule are more likely to have lower blood pressure than those who do not seek their guilty pleasures. Caffeine helps prevent the onset of skin cancer by preventing DNA breakdown.
As I write this I notice that I have tattoos, rings and the necklace Frankie bought me, all on me with at least 5 other things I can see without getting up off the seat that are positive affirmations . Go on and try it; you may find it life changing or you may find that it brings just a little bit more happiness into your life. Let’s face it, who couldn’t use some more happiness.
I have been living in a house not too far from Ballinskelligs. When I get up in the morning, there are sheep on the hillside outside with red letters of the alphabet painted on their wool – to show which have been tupped. Some farmers use red, some green, some other colours; and occasionally one farmer’s cheap green dye has been known to run in rain resulting, I am told, in green sheep.
He's trying to kill me! I'll always remember him too, and not how things are now.
There are many delicious places to eat at Hawaii. Ome good place is ACE Express where ypu can eat some delicious local food.
But that's ok.
4 megafoetuses
So says the Press sheet. Well, if new single ‘Fallout’ exhibits a ‘far broader, lighter sound’ I gotta get me some o’ dat earlier material!!
i dont really know how i got on to the subject of crying. i didnt mean for this post to be totally and completely blubberish but i just needed to write. i needed to write to let out my words and feelings so that i dont bottle them in.
"Really, Daniel!" said Mr. Popper. "William has had a shock."
Girls
Owen Dudley Edwards said a few words about each of the candidates – thanked them for answering questions all evening, and thanked the audience: then the proprietor of the Braidburn Inn for lending us the room and providing sandwiches: and thanked me for organising it – and said that Gordon MacKenzie was taking Rennies for indigestion, which finished the meeting on a laugh.
40x30" oil on stretched canvas copyright 2012
This Thursday Matisyahu will perform with electronic duo Sub Swara at Headliners Music Hall, however, he is no stranger to Louisville. Among his last few stops here included a recording session downtown that later became The Louisville Light Sessions EP, a collection of select tracks from the 2009 studio album Light.
5. Rondino in E-flat Major WoO 25 7:25
The Index prepared by George Anastaplo for The Bible volume had to be trimmed somewhat by the publisher in 2008. Space limitations and editorial policies were among the factors contributing to the reshaping of the Bible Index when that book was published.
10 Bruno Spoerri - Glückskugel - The Race
4. The Head Has Become Fat Rap
Preheat oven to 400F. Spray a heavy large baking sheet with olive oil or a nonstick spray. Combine potatoes, turnips, fennel, onions, and rosemary in a large bowl. Add olive oil, salt, and pepper. Toss to coat well. Transfer to a baking sheet.
Three views of the Woolly in different stages from early inflorescence white and woolly and as a mature flower.
I sit here with a lot of anticipation 2 days before the Region 1 Cross Country Championships at Mae Simmons Park in Lubbock, Texas. For the first time since the 1986 season, my Eastwood Troopers have a very realistic shot at finishing in the top 3 and advancing to the State Meet the following weekend. Let me go back a bit in time here.
There are definitely times in worship to be happy, joyous, and comfortable. However, there are also times when God must remove us from those comfortable areas and place us under the spotlight of His holiness. This is where we begin to search our hearts closely.
They could be murdered, raped, tortured, even dismembered alive, but, no matter how much actual hate was involved in their dispatch from this earth, it would still not count as a hate crime.
Up to May 20th A GROWING ABUNDANCE OF SUPERIOR SYNCHRONICITIES (emotional compatibility is called synastry)
The main character, Gwyneth, was awesome. A real keeper. Her light and easy sarcasm made me like her instantly. She has her moments of girliness, as she should. She doesn't fall head over heels in love with the first good looking dude she sees. She fills her best friend in on everything strange and sinister that happens to her. Her best friend, Lesley, is a keeper, too. She keeps a cool head and does research on time traveling devices when Gwyn is in the 1910's having tea with her great great grandmother.
It's a mindset that doesn't help. Maureen Freely, who grew up in Turkey, where East and West most graphically meet, put her finger on this at one point, calling on everyone to stop thinking, in this age of mass immigration and global communication, in divisive terms of East and West. She got a clap, I think.
Fernandes also questioned the need for a third runway in Kuala
The center panel and outside border were purchased last April, everything else was made from the left over fabric from the last coffee quilt. Unfortunately, it's been on the frame since May..... seven months, how's that for procrastination?????
In fact, we all noted how bad my bowling got when I did get my phone back!
Researchers looked at the records of nearly 1,100 patients. On average, patients discharged home clocked 8.6 hours in the emergency department, but patients admitted to a psychiatric unit within the hospital stayed 11 hours. (Patients transferred to an outside unit in the local healthcare system stayed 12.9 hours, and those transferred to a facility outside the local system stayed 15 hours.)
Hope you had an awesome day. Mine was definitely a "busy as a bee" one to say the least. That might take an entire post of it's own. for now though, I need to share something with you that is SO stinkin' c-u-t-e!
Cinerama is a truly amazing wide screen technology unique to all of cinema. Essentially three synchronized 35mm cameras photograph one massively wide and richly-detailed image, joined back together in theaters by three interlocked projectors. Widescreen technologies actually go back to the silent era, but Cinerama was the first process to make a big splash. So big was its impact, in fact, that The New York Times reviewed This Is Cinerama on its front page, a first. Most of the Cinerama films enjoyed runs of up to two years (!) and were among the highest-grossing movies of the entire 1950s and ’60s.
Intercessory Prayer can be in the morning, in the afternoon or before you go to bed at night. God knows your heart and He know the hearts of the people you are praying for and about.
Wow I seem to be on a roll this week. Feeling so better now I can craft again! This weeks challenge over at Allsorts challenge blog is Black and White.
At the commencement of the party, her friends abandoned her. Instead, one of her former TA’s from one of those dreadfully forgettable labs the previous semester whisked her away, handed her a cup of bad beer and tried to monopolize her time. Looking around the densely crowded, Leigh needed to calculate a quick plan. Of course! Springing into action, she squealed that she had finally found her boyfriend, leaving her former TA to look after her as if Leigh herself kicked his underbelly. Skipping towards a random stranger, Leigh asked the confused looking man to pretend to be her boyfriend.
When we had our own children we also
When I wrote CRACKED, I dreamed of important strangers reading and connecting to it (agents and editors).
Roughly half of the school districts reported that they lacked good information on research-based curriculum and instruction for English learners.
He shuffled away quickly picking up objects, sweeping away papers.
In a satisfying environment, one strives to seek that balance between the activities that are classified as doing work and those activities we deem essential to running the family and household, those recreational and down-time activities we need to recharge and enjoy life.
When we walked the aisle
I sigh, “Well seeing as yesterday Jay told me you have agreed a new book client I am going to spend most of the day working on a promotional plan. The rest of the day is wondering how the hell I am going to fit in this plan with only a month notice.”
toppings: sour cream, crushed tortilla chips, shredded cheddar, jack, or mexican blend cheese, diced avocado, minced cilantro
I had this moment … that I realized despite what was happening to this man in front of me, I’d been more concerned with the composition of my (photo) shot than I was with any attempt to either save him or at the very, very least ease his passing.
I will now make a controversial statement that most men will find ludicrous to the point of absurdity: there are more interesting things on a woman than her breasts. I’m thinking particularly of her nose. Smalls ones are supposed to be cute and feminine, yet long pointy ones are far more intriguing. Miss Aniston should reflect on the fact that Meryl Streep has never once exposed her bust in a movie. People are too interested in her face to wonder what her jahoobies look like.
I went upstairs to kiss my son goodnight and told him that when he woke up, his baby brother might have arrived. He was very excited! I took out my gifts from my Glasgow Blessingway, my bracelet and labyrinth and crystals and lit the candle a good friend had given me. I got in the bath around 9.30pm. The contractions were the same but I just felt like having a break and knew this early on that they would most likely stop.
Director- Paul Crowder
Omer Arbel - One day I'd like to design objects for Canadian Tire - say a portable barbecue. I'd also like to design Ferry interiors for BC Ferries. And, I'd like to be involved in a designing a major civic work - a law courts or central library building. Apart from that, there are various illustrious design houses that I'd love to design pieces for.
But truthfully, I don't need to hear another fratboy in a pre-tattered straw cowboy hat and Che Guevara t-shirt telling me that Blatz is superior to whatever I'm drinking, any more than I need someone telling me that "Speed Racer" is better than "The Venture Brothers."
Although In Winter’s Shadow is billed as the third in a trilogy, it could be read as a stand-alone. Readers who have read the previous two will recognise events and people from them, and will pick up references to earlier incidents, but the main elements of the back story are filled in as necessary. Arthurian trilogies sometimes seem to fade by Book 3 or to sag under the accumulated weight of legend, but not in this case. I thought In Winter’s Shadow was the strongest of the three novels by quite a margin.
‘Twas upon nearing the door that three guards ahead were bringing in a dishevelled and roguish looking prisoner who appeared to have had a recent peppering from a blunderbuss. Once closer the prisoner looked at me and immediately exclaimed: “Er, ’tis the Highwayman! You nearly killed me when ye fired that blunderbuss at me!”. Then realised this to be one of the villains I encountered when extracting the money some of Tyler’s gang members had stolen from Miss Lucy Hendridge the month last.
- If Ringer is picked up for a second season, the producers have promised that we will be getting less flashbacks and the consequences from the actions of Bridget and Siobhan will be addressed.
Today is the day that I give up hounding myself over chores undone.
Brads: Paper Mania
I use a quart size container of chicken broth... I like the one from Costco... Chicken stock.
Tyler "Come On now I'm done"
I got their early to beat the heat but even at 9 am, everyone seemed to be moving in slow motion. I came across this little guy which made me giggle. I have no idea what I'd do with him or where he'd go but I thought he'd make an interesting sculptural piece painted in a bright color and perched on his polished brass ball (what a fun accessory in a circus-y type kid's room). Alas, I convinced myself he was way too random and left him behind.
It doesn't always happen, but this one pleases me!
The song, “She Must Be an Angel is dedicated to all woman who have been supressed by others and by their own thoughts. You are a beautiful Goddess, Powerful, Courageous, Smart, Intelligent. You are a ‘Woman!’
a poor substitute for bravery.
The man at the centre of the novel is David Lurie, a professor in a Cape Town university where modernisation has seen him move from teaching Literature to 'Communications' a title that doesn't sit well with this lover of the Romantic poets. His life has achieved a kind of stasis; he has been married and divorced, remaining on good terms with his ex-wife; sex has become a transaction as easily managed as any utility bill with his weekly visits to a woman named 'Soraya'; and a personal project to write an opera about Byron is always simmering away on the back burner.
So from this point on, I will NOT be asking for button codes through email, I'm going to ask you to please fill out a sponsor form here, and I will email for any additional information needed.
J came home early and we went to the department to pick up our child together. J took the next day off of work (which happened to be election day which meant no school) and we tried to bond as a family of three.
We humans run rampant over our domain, the land, but when it comes to the ocean we are like the kid outside the candy store with our noses pressed up to the glass. Sure, we might get to go in every once in a while, but we'll never really know what it feels like to live there. Mermaids, on the other hand, can explore every square meter of the oceans, from the deepest, darkest trenches to clearest crystal beaches. We can never hope to understand or even see every mystery the ocean keeps.
The Maryland bill also bars employers from firing, disciplining or otherwise penalizing an employee, or failing or refusing to hire an applicant, who refuses to disclose such information. Although the law appears to be relatively broad in scope, critics have noted that it would not prevent employers from “shoulder surfing” to see what employees or applicants have posted online, or from requiring employees to “friend” them on social media sites.
360g Sugar Syrup
But as I thought about what is at the core of Jesus’ message – that our giving, our prayer, and our fasting need to be a matter of the heart that are all done to draw us closer to God and not to gain the praise of men – I realized I’m okay with my blogging. I know that in my heart I blog because the writing draws me closer to God and because it is a way that I can bring the Good News of the Kingdom of God to others.
Most of all I feel Danish. Denmark is where I live, where my friends live and I know my city far better than any other cities, and I love it here.
From sleep, he shuddered waking. He prayed to God today would be different. Those dreams. His dreams. Always came to life, haunting him with his eyes open.
Alberto Del Rio is now Mr. Money in the Bank, winning. This too was an incredible match and the highlight of the match was seeing 7 men on the ladder, trying to scratch and crawl for the briefcase. The Miz was taken out, but he came back and hobbled up the ladder, only for Rey to stop him. Alberto took Rey’s mask off and ran to the ladder, grabbed it, and he won. We also had a very close call with Kofi and Jack Swagger when Kofi had Jack down on the mat, and the ladder tripped both of them. Swagger looked okay, but he could have messed up his neck. All 8 men fought hard, and at the end of the match, the right man won.
Level 11: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 10.5%.
I had the pleasure of corresponding with Diane about Santa Barbara Living:
On the traffic island on the main street in our neighborhood, I saw workers planting grass in the city’s attempt to beautify the district.
Middle child: sends icon of heart.
we missed daddy. but called him and sent him lots of pictures so he could feel like he was there. before we left i dropped my iphone in the bathroom and did not thing anything of it...i have a case. so it was unfortunate to realize that my screen is now shattered. bummer. so it goes. we headed home and off to bed she went. around 3am i heard her talking a bit in bed. looked at the monitor (why a video monitor is worth every last cent) and something did not look right. she was crammed up against one side of the crib with her blanket and all her stuffed animals. she sleeps with like five animals. went down to check and quickly realized...puke. all over the place. without knowing it we realized we had a little system for cleaning up after a throw up incident. i strip sheets. give medicine. he changes diaper and pajamas. he starts laundry. i rock baby back to sleep. in the dark, rocking, and singing and then i am quickly trying to catch throw up in my hands in the dark. i realize that is gross but anyone with kids totally understands these nasty moments in parenthood. i yell for justin and he adds more clothes to laundry and we clean up. ah, the joys. all this to say our little ava is sick. a little stomach bug, nothing serious according to the doctor since her throat and ears look good. so today she was attached to me and by 6:30pm poor baby she was inconsolable. no movie. or book. or cupcake could settle her sick little soul. she asked me to make cupcakes (jiffy corn bread but she does not know the difference) so i made some quick and she was asleep before they were done cooking. asleep before 7pm and justin asleep by 9pm. it was supposed to family night out...and it was still family night. just not out. i am currently making scarves (thank you for the orders) and about to head to bed early myself. some weeks call for early nights and extra sleep. hoping it is a puke free night.
Although, as Wikipedia says, "Paper dolls have been around as long as there has been paper," in the twentieth century they were manufacured by both game/toy companies and book publishers, such as Whitman and Saalfield.
I can, at least, somewhat divide the mess in my car. Somewhat. The front is presentable, trash is in a bag, and empty cups go inside to the sink. The back is deplorable, trash is everywhere, and empty cups roll back and forth across the floor mats, which, of course, has nothing to do with the lack of effort on my part to grab a cup or two or gather and dispose of trash (and petrified banana slices) while filling up with gas. Gas stations have large trash cans available for people just like me. Humph. I won’t bother mentioning the grass, dirt, and leaves.
The brew session went off without a hitch - we hit our target OG of 1.055 spot on, and the batch is currently bubbling away as I type this. I'm actually looking forward to trying this one out. I'll keep ya posted on it's progress.
We have a duty to support all peoples against oppression. Where a people seek to argue for their own self-determination, we have a duty to support their right to put forward that case, free from intimidation and aggression from other states, but we have no absolute duty to support such a demand ourselves. On the contrary, where the interests of the working class internationally are weakened by such a struggle we should say so, and argue against it, and for workers unity across borders.
Things are going to shit here in Florida and all around the US due to stupid people managing to get more power than they should be trusted with. Things are going to shit across the globe due to forces both natural and calculated. And Big Brother is definitely watching us!
A 340-year-old Bible has been discovered tucked away in a pantry-sized room filled with old books, historical records and pamphlets at a 148-year-old Lutheran church and school located in Wisconsin. Middle school teacher Debra Court first found the Bible two years ago, while searching for baptism records for a class. When she saw it she thought it was just an old book and didn’t think much about it, according to FOX news. "I was looking for the old baptism records to show my students and then up here in the corner was where the Bible was tucked," said Court.
Here we have a long sought-after LP from Germany. It contains the well-circulated track "Der Staat" and, not surprisingly, a few other gems. Unfortunately this isn't the best rip, but I tweaked it as well as I could... so it'll have to do for now. Other faves from this one would be "Où", "To Je Pravda", "Je Suis Seule", and "Masse Mensch". I've gotta run for now, have a nice Sunday, everyone. Enjoy!
Yes, yes I remember. But why must she remember? And why must she bring it up every few months? Grrreeeaaaat!
Boycott ARLA, IKEA, GRUNDFOSS , and other companies which betrayed the values of the West...
Down Lighter Range – Endura Down Lighter is available in three ranges – SQ Swivel, RD Swivel, and DL 16W. SQ swivel and RD swivel lights are available in 4*3W with round and square shape. This range comes with a wide operating voltage. Its unique design of heat sink is more effective for air dissipation. The range is available in sleek and elegant design in cool and warm colors. Price range Rs. 6600/-.
These fusion centers, “which combine the military, the FBI, state police, and others, have been internally promoted by the US Army as means to avoid restrictions preventing the military from spying on the domestic population.”
Anyway, give these tracks a listen and hit up the band for a copy before they are gone...I understand that they are down to their final copies and I don't think they plan on repressing this monster of a 7", so act fast if you like what you hear. .
C-D = ¼ chest + 1½” and C-N =A-B. Join B-N. On this line mark M such that B-M = 1” Join K-M
So, since my husband was taking the Subaru, I had to take the Honda - which I love, but which is not insured for Shmulik to drive and I don't feel like driving. Aliza is 12 years old. I can't believe that. I'm so used to 11 and 11 is still a little girl, but 12...that's so much older than 11. Anyway, she loves to talk, to share, to explain. I'm tired. I know I'm jumping around here, but that too is something I just need to do.
Anyway, Christmas morning, I woke up and opened presents from "Santa" with my mom. We drank mimosas and ate cinnamon rolls...always a holiday tradition at my house. My mom is amazing and got me the best presents, including, a gorgeous Coach bag so that I have a nice, professional looking purse when I start interviewing for jobs this spring.
Happy mid-week to ya guys and just remember - 2 more days and it's a 3 day weekend (for those of us in the US that is!).
4.) Ribbon
Between sewing, I managed to pull fabrics for a new quilt this weekend. This pretty palette of pinks and purples came together very late Friday night! Sometimes I do okay half-asleep, hehe! I'll be stitching up Aneela Hoey's Bloom quilt! You can find the pattern here!
Which leads us to a question brimming with potential and overflowing with possibilities. Suppose you used the second method of bending a spoon, and just brought your arm muscles into play to give it a bit of a twist, but then – and this is the clever bit – you use some cunning misdirection of some sort, and dress it up as an example of the first method, to make it look like you’re demonstrating psychic powers.
when people serve you well - or even fail to. Somehow it lifts the service up a notch.
beans - 1/4 cup
Well, the message is out, and boy, are people fired up.
There are a LOT of red flags about this case, i feel, the more i looked at it. I am no criminologist, but am definitely a person with a bit of an obsession with studying human behavior. I tend to get really interested in a case when it strikes a nerve as something smelling fishy. It is tuna time here!
2) They sang about who God is.
Skiers were shuttled in school buses to Cable and the start of the race. There they removed their street clothes and stored all their possessions in a white plastic draw string bag which had their ski bib number on it.
* Sayid meets up with Jin locked up in the cooler, Jin cannot speak english.
LR: The answer to that question changes constantly. I’ve met so many authors since I was published, it would be invidious to single one out, so I’ll say Shakespeare. That can’t offend anyone, can it?
The only sad thing about BV&T is that the service is a little slow. On a busy night you might sometimes be left wondering where the rest of your mains have disappeared to, or be waiting a while on a much needed vodka. The place has everything else in spades, it would be a shame to forego your trip here because of this.
i've never heard my voice out loud before
All of this is to say that if I disappear now and then and don't keep to my usual three-posts-per-week schedule, I hope you'll understand. And if you know of any blind dog rescues, I'm all ears.
We should all find a way to do something nice for each other and someone and it doesn’t have to include money. Just think what a great country this could be if everyone did something nice no matter what color or race you helped that day.
December was obviously full on with a Christmas and New Year full house and lodge, trying to keep both the kids and the guests happy is an annual challenge.
Thank you to everyone who has supported me along the way, to everyone who has welcomed me home with open arms. None of this would have been possible without you.
Here is another example of mixing warms and cools to make the accents really pop!
Here are some closeups of one of the butterflies and the flowers:
In anticipation of a potential scandal, MuslimBridges.org is looking to the Interfaith community to publicly denounce hate and slander against Muslims, and communicate to all people of faith that slander is not a result of “clash of religions,” Rather it is a clash of “Believers Vs. Unbelievers,” often manipulated for political reasons to avert attention from the real challenges facing all of us.
After reaching the top of the tower we would nearly always spend the first several minutes silently taking in the view around us-- the shadowy majesty of the Great Smoky Mountains silhouetted against the night sky, a glimmering peek of Chilhowee Lake behind the foothills, the darkness of the valleys, and the expansive spread of the constellation of lights between us and Knoxville and beyond. We could see the lights of the Knoxville McGhee-Tyson Airport and watch the coming of going of the air traffic. There was the continous movement of the lights of the ground traffic flowing the streets below. The world of the night time spread out all about us as we watched in a sort of awestruck silence.
S: The animals come to our rescue from a variety of situations. They are treated with compassion, given support, either medical or/and emotional, and live in a safe, secure environment, and most important, given the love they deserve, but have been denied. Some of the animals have never known a gentle touch, and it is so rewarding to be able to stroke a once feral cat, or earn the trust of a skittish goat. Animals are extremely affectionate and intelligent, and to see the animals literally 'blossom' under loving and tender care is beyond words.
Our son has social challenges, he is unaware of the appropriate way to interact with others. He does not have the skills necessary to hold conversations with others, or even to play at a playground. He becomes so hyper-focused on what he’s doing that he loses track of anything going on around him. So if he’s at the playground and there are small children around, he becomes an immediate danger, because he doesn’t pay attention to them in relation to himself. He’s so big (at almost 6 feet) that it intimidates other parents, they fear for their children. Several have considered him a “predator”… why else would a 16 year old be completely content to play on a little kids playground? Well, because he’s autistic… because he’s 10 years developmentally delayed – and even though he looks 16 he’s really only 6 inside that big old body of his…
Why is that hypothesis only used to benefit Blacks in White countries outside Africa?
opaque marker. "Be Mine".Pretty sweet!
We became members as an early birthday present to the kids (and because after two visits the membership pays for itself, and you get free parking- but don't tell them that). It's a fabulous zoo. In the words of JP, "Wow, you almost don't feel bad for the animals." The Bear was initially wary of a few exhibits, but she warmed up quickly.
Decreased productivity can reduce wages, as employers penalize less productive workers. Obesity hits workers’ pocketbooks indirectly, too: Numerous studies have shown that the obese are less likely to be hired and promoted than their svelte peers are. Women in particular bear the brunt of that, earning about 11 percent less than women of healthy weight, health economist John Cawley of Cornell University found. At the average weekly U.S. wage of $669 in 2010, that’s a $76 weekly obesity tax.
Weakness: Nearly 40 percent of VCU’s field goal attempts are three-pointers. That’s a lot. The Rams live by the three and die by the three. That’s a dangerous way to live. It worked very well for them in the tournament last year, but that was last year. This is a new group with an unrealistic set of expectations. I’m not sure history will repeat itself.
The reason I've avoided a schedule so far is that in an ideal world I would have no structure. I love being able to just write a random blog at four o'clock in the afternoon, or at midnight, about anything that happens to pop into my head. After the Challenge though, and having a firm idea of what my posts were going to be - and knowing what was expected of me - I'm at a bit of a loss to remember how my blog felt before April.
Erica Smolders –Without a doubt, the years spent working in Australia, Hong Kong and Singapore and were the most inspiring and influential experience I could have asked for as a young designer.
- Salsa y chips
5. See it made manefest into the cords, that extend through you, around and into your physcal flesh. It binds within, via what we term the ‘micro’ chakras, of which there are many.
Mary: "Dr. Grumpy's office, this is Mary."
Some people are comparing Mayor Sara Duterte to action king FPJ. Now that’s what you call South Poe.
This week, Gavin DeGraw (who struggled mightily with his Salsa) and Urkel (who received high praise for his latin moves) danced in a lopsided ‘battle’ for the judges save. This was not Gavins night… nor was it his dance.
The only other thing to report on the way down is that I caught a Silversword blooming. I can’t say I found the plant particularly beautiful but it is special to see one as it flowers. Haleakala is the only place in the world you’ll find them. They can live up to 50 years and they only flower one time. The stalk can reach up to 2 meters high, and once it’s done, the plant dies: one of those both profoundly sad yet beautiful decisions of evolution that you occasionally find in nature.
One of the great favors that George Romero did for the horror industry (inadvertent, I’m certain) was to leave Night of the Living Dead without a copyright notice, putting the film in the public domain, thus giving every other filmmaker in the world the opportunity to make more zombie films. The film is thought by many to be a sort of allegory for race relations, although this was never intended according to George Romero—it just happens to have worked out that way. Instead, it is a ferociously original idea for a horror film, so original that it spawned hundreds of imitators.
recommendations from friends: 5
It was a beautiful, sunny morning, and several of my friends showed up all sleepy-eyed and ready to run. I don't know how many people were running and the results haven't been posted (Trea is super upset about this). There was no chip timing; just a spray-painted starting line and a kid taking our bib numbers when we came back for the finish. It was awesome. We only had a minute or two to warm up since we arrived just before it started, so I was standing at the starting line with chattering teeth and freezing fingers. Hard to believe that just a week ago I was melting!
There are also technical questions – what should this new education look like (cue people dusting off their old copies of Newman from the bookshelf)? Inevitably it will be smaller, but in what manner? Will it exist within the mainstream, or the (charitable) private? Are there the legal and legislative options available for this to happen? Could the diocese fund such a re-ordering? How shall they be run? What happens to those schools likely to feel the sharp edge of such decisions? What happens to land/buildings held in trust?
That goes without saying for Ruth Gordon, too. Foul of mouth and snide of attitude, she plays herself quite effectively and makes us all realize that perhaps if SHE had played the role that Helen Hayes did in Airport, it may have been even MORE successful... but probably wouldn't have gotten away with its "G" rating, either.
When Ringelberg and Moore County sheriff’s deputies arrived, they found three dead pit bulls and one still alive. All four animals were chained up in the backyard of the home, according to an incident report. The living dog had no food or water.
Jerry Williams, of Little Rock, Arkansas, garnered 4th Place in the Stella’s when he was awarded $14,500 plus medical expenses after being bitten on the butt by his next door neighbor’s beagle – even though the beagle was on a chain in its owner’s fenced yard. Williams did not get as much as he asked for because the jury believed the beagle might have been provoked at the time of the butt bite because Williams had climbed over the fence into the yard and repeatedly shot the dog with a pellet gun.
In addition, Petrino had circumvented university policies to fast-track hiring her. He had requested and received a waiver to bypass a stipulation that open jobs remain vacant for 30 days prior to interviews being conducted. Moreover, unbeknownst to the university, Petrino personally had given a $20,000 gift to Dorrell during her first week on the job so that she could buy a car.
For the tadka/tempering
Richard Griffiths, head of strategic media at a PR agency said "What’s happening is that the DLR owners SERCO are cracking down on people who board the train with valid Oyster cards but who fail to swipe when they board the train. The problem is there are no barriers on the DLR and the swipe points are often hard to find. That means irregular users like us are being caught unawares."
-add copious amounts of salt
Reportedly, he came out of coma mid-way through a taped version of the Titanic Requiem being played for him by family.
By the way, i had told Chris that we needed to make a trip to ikea to pick up another faux fur, but guess what??? All sold out! I was going to make the stool out of the one i already had, but i don't want to cut it up and staple gun it to find out that ikea isn't getting them back! So i decided to wait. I did put my existing one on my coffee table topped by my gold tray, and it does look quite chic! I'll post pictures i promise....
2079.E-I/29/1999. On the Chandrasekhar Memorial Space Telescope. Chicago Sun-Times, p. 30 (abridged). (Incorporated in Item 1998(12), above, pp. 864-65.) See Item C-1997(1), above.
Twenty years later Daniel is a missionary in Ecuador. He blogs about spreading God's word and about his 5 children who are all learning the missionary work now, so they will forever live the life "God has planned for them". He is about to start a new community that will allow him and his workers and volunteers to reach even more villages in the jungle. Daniel goes against anything I stand for. He spreads his belief to those who don't want it, who don't need it... but they are poor, and he can help them, and so they convert to his religion.
The great thing about them is that each coaster has one figure on its edge, so you can create whichever sort of scene you like. You could even mix and match them!
We did a little recce around the town of Saltburn by the Sea yesterday, taking some photos and getting a better sense of this small Victorian era resort town. We intend to start an opera workshop here next year and David was concerned that he be able to advise future participants about the pubs :) Of course we're also researching possibilities for the interior of the 1:12 scale pub we're going to build!
I don’t understand the groups. I’ve searched on there for a job, once or twice, and had some interest once, only once. These kind of results make me feel like it’s pointless, but yet I have an account because, well, everyone else has one. I think of Linkedin the way I think about those plastic, photo-inserts in my wallet. Sure, I have them, but I don’t ever use them, at least not for their intended purpose. I may jam a receipt in there every now and again, but they certainly don’t contain photos! I mean, my photos are on my phone! Isn’t that the way it goes now?
“Surely,” he continued, “the State Police can find alternate means of processing firearms transactions and permit applications while the upgrade is in progress.”
The color story was pulled from a painting in the kitchen which opens up right off the sunroom...
5. Situation- Yaz
Yearning for your soothing touch
Purple Yam Porter, 7% abv. Brewed originally for Oktoberfest (“Instead of a pumpkin ale, we’re giving our fall seasonal an Asian-fusion spin”), it's a dark ale brewed with purple yams and vanilla beans. The aroma has less roasty malt than you'd expect; it's more like cola with a note of squash. It's thin on the palate, and with the mild vanilla note, again suggestive of a soda. But it's also earthy and autumny, a quality that must come from the yams. Strangely, there's also a slightly minty or menthol note I can't account for looking at the ingredients.Mango Weizen, 5% abv. The Indian mango lassi inspired this beer--and it's evident in the finished product. Lassi is a traditional Indian drink made of yogurt; it's very crisp and cooling. Mango lassis are sweeter and full of mango flavor, but remain light and crisp, also with the intention of cooling. This beer manages the quality by adding a small enough amount of fruit so that the aroma and flavor suffuse the beer without adding much sweetness. It is a perfect summer beer.Pandan Brown, 6% abv. The base beer is a traditional brown ale--it looked and smelled relatively predictable. Added to this are pandan leaves and palm sugar, two ingredients I know nothing about. The pandan leaves are distinctly herbal, but having no basis for comparison, I'm not sure how to describe them. I'd like to drink this beer a few more times to calibrate my palate to it.So what to make of the beers? Two pieces of advice: forget the style names. We're off the normal grid here, and "porter," "brown," and even "weizen" are misleading. I've read a bit of the commentary by other bloggers (of course, they're mostly Oregonians: Angelo, Bill, Da Beers), and this is a common criticism: they're not really porters or browns. Second, it's probably best to try these with as little expectation as possible. I'd like to buy another round of the beers and acclimatise my tongue to the flavors. They're disorienting at first, and one's initial reaction is to reject them. But this is the thing with change--it's always going to seem weird the first time you try it.
Where do I go from here?
This is a beautiful gift that I choose to facilitate for you to help you on your journey in a way that is filled with joy and beauty and love and peace. I hope you will make the highest and best use of it and that you will enjoy it fully!
Firstly I would like to welcome you to the new Cybersmart ISP Blog. A place where we will chat about all the latest products and promotions, planned maintenance, tutorials as well as just general feel good topics.
Motels Suddenly last summer US
When we got back, I put the spark plug boot on the Mitsuba motorcycle, sprayed some fuel down the throat of the carburetor and gave it a start. It started up after many attempts but was running a little rough.
I am excited to share One for the Murphys here today. In a post later today, Lynda will share her own thoughts reading with her children. The sign of a good book? I want to start buying a copy for many of my friends (Talia, a copy is on it's way to you already!).
First, science itself is well into the territory of diminishing returns, and most of the way through the normal life cycle of a human method of investigation. What last week’s post described as abstraction, the form of intellectual activity that seeks to reduce the complexity of experience into a set of precisely formulated generalizations, always depends on such a method. Classical logic is another example, and it’s particularly useful here because it completed its life cycle long ago and so can be studied along its whole trajectory through time.
It is evident that there is a continuous need for many different devices which include laptops, MP3 players, mobiles and other cordless tools. This has consequently resulted in a greater need for rechargeable batteries.
NOTE: You can only visit the Vasari Corridor booking (well in advance) a guided visit directly through Polo Museale Fiorentino or a touring company of your choice (I have my preferences and I will share with you by request).
BB8 – 3.9 million (average)
Oh! Signs of life upstairs! I ought to be able to go get myself ready for the day!
Massage is very physical work. Even with proper body mechanics and self care, at the end of my day I am pretty exhausted. Try adding carrying my massage table and supplies up and down multiple flights of stairs and the exhaustion is two fold. I count my blessings that I have a growing number of private clients who prefer massage in their homes, but there are some days where I wonder if I can really keep doing this. While I was in school, I had purchased my first massage table to use at home for practice and eventually, private in call clientele. The table weight is about 42 lbs. With bolsters and supplies, I would fairly estimate the massage luggage to be around 46 lbs. This is the table that I have carried up 5 flights of stairs, precariously balanced on one shoulder while hailing a city cab and dragged into the narrowest of living rooms to perform what I can only describe as “ninja” massage for the contorted positions I had to take in order to do my work. This table was never meant to be portable and as this past summer came to an end, I knew I needed something lighter…FAST!
Flowers A-Z: O Is for Orchid. I love orchids so much. They’re the only plant that I seem able to keep alive for an extended period of time. I’m inspired to buy another one from the Charlottesville farmers’ market to put in our bathroom. (Design Sponge)
kitchen looking for a pre-midnight snack; his parents were in the family room watching The Twilight
“Ah, Paradigm,” he says languidly as I come near him. I hover over the edge of the building, keeping myself a few feet above him in case he tries something. “We both knew you’d be the first person I spoke to as a free man.”
is going to announce the winner of my giveaway:
Luz's soccer season has started and she has two games each weekend, so that is one more thing that I'm involved with. I'm SO blessed that my grandbabies live so close and I CAN be involved in all their doings! And SOON Luz will be starting the horseback riding lessons I got her for Christmas! Oh bOy! We can't WAIT for that!
I fail at holding back and he fails at staying in his own lane, guess that's what makes us good together ya know? All about knowin what works.
Tuesday, April 24, 2012, 1-2 p.m. EDT
Label: Judgmental Christian chick
In this day and age, I haven’t seen a lot of truly passionate individuals. Gifted yes, driven yes, but passionate? Well today was one of those days. I met a man, a father of two, who was so truly passionate about my wedding, more so than even some of my friends! Who was this man? All will be revealed in another post. (For specific reasons, I cannot tell all that I would like to just yet)
When you really see Jesus, I defy you to doubt Him. If you see Him when He says, “Let not your heart be troubled . . .” (John 14:27), I defy you to worry. It is virtually impossible to doubt when He is there. Every time you are in personal contact with Jesus, His words are real to you. “My peace I give to you . . .” (John 14:27)— a peace which brings an unconstrained confidence and covers you completely, from the top of your head to the soles of your feet. “. . . your life is hidden with Christ in God,” and the peace of Jesus Christ that cannot be disturbed has been imparted to you.
One of the fun things about sick kiddos, is how sweet and snuggly they are.... Maggie really likes pictures when she's a snuggle monster.
Off work all week I've had alot of down time to help with my mother-in-law's birthday reception held this Sunday, getting the house ready for out of town cousin-in-law's I've never met before. They're from Mooreland, Oklahoma. I Wikied the place, a thriving metropolis of 1,190 souls located near the pan handle, tornado alley. They would've felt right at home if they arrived last night.
Joyeux Noël
Director Gordon Douglas made a lot of so-so films but he had it in him to produce something of real quality when the conditions were right. Rio Conchos is among his best movies (and Only the Valiant is another little dark gem tucked away in his filmography) due largely to the tough and cynical script and an uncompromising performance by Richard Boone. To Douglas’ credit, the action scenes are extremely well staged and, along with cameraman Joe MacDonald, he really makes the most of the rugged Utah locations. Still, it’s Boone that carries it all along, playing a mere shell of a man subsisting on hatred and bitterness. His craggy, lived-in features were ideal for westerns, from his iconic Paladin in TV’s Have Gun – Will Travel to a couple of memorable appearances as the villain in two John Wayne pictures, to name just a few. I’ve seen it written that his performance is a bit one note, but I don’t think that’s being entirely fair. One sequence in particular has him showing two vastly different sides to his character within minutes. I’m referring to the scene where the travellers come upon a burned out house containing what one assumes is a tortured and/or violated woman, moaning in agony on her deathbed, while her infant lies neglected in a cot alongside. We can see a series of emotions playing across Boone’s face, but the predominant one is a deep hurt as the terrible vision obviously brings back memories of the fate of his own wife and child. As he puts the woman out of her misery he is close to breaking down totally, the mask of toughness slipping momentarily in the now deserted room. When the raiding party returns to harry the trapped men though, Boone reverts to type almost instantaneously. There is something terrible in his primal joy, the gales of malicious laughter he expels when watching a downed Apache burning to death before his eyes. It could be argued that Lassiter undergoes a change of heart as the quest progresses, seeing that the army mission has some worth in itself that supersedes his own desire for vengeance. Again, I don’t read it that way. The confrontation with Rodriguez seems to me not so much a realization that there are higher issues at stake but more a necessary way of ensuring that his own ambitions are not thwarted.
Second, turning to the international level, we draw upon a growing body of international relations and international legal scholarship that focuses on the promise of regulation through transnational networks, with a particular emphasis on the prospect of "deliberation" as a form of decision-making in which governmental and non-governmental actors put aside fixed positions and negotiating tactics in favor of a collective search for better understanding and better policy. We find, however, that the record of transatlantic deliberation on genetically modified organisms (GMOs) has largely been one of failure. Deliberation, we argue, is a hothouse flower that flourishes only under restrictive conditions. The sharp disagreements, intense politicization, and distributive conflicts that characterize agricultural biotechnology have all prevented US and EU policymakers from engaging in a joint deliberative search for the best policy in this area.
Is this what people on the left think of individuals? That we need to depend on government for success?
This is a way for us to say THANK YOU for reading our blogs, supporting our TpT adventures, leaving sweet comments and being a network of encouragement.
Sam’s story is that he used to be a Cessationist. He went to school at Dallas, which is totally Cessationist. He even argued against the Charistmatic point of view. One of the things that really caused him to rethink his view was reading D.A. Carson’s book Showing the Spirit. The book tore down the arguments he had been using for Cessationism. Over time, other things happened like re-engagement with Jack Deere. Then he went to a prophecy meeting, and the man who prophesied about him, knew details that only God would know from Sam’s prayers, and they came true. But this wasn’t the only experience he had. Overtime God pulled him toward being a Charismatic, but his wife took a little longer, but eventually she came to believe as she started experiencing the Spirit moving in the Charismatic way. At first she thought he went off the deep end because he had taught her in the cessationist view. He accumulated a better relationship with God, freedom, joy, a new dimention of intimacy with His relationship with God. He wrote a full bio in a book called
Ryan's inscription says:
POLICE INTERACTION #4:
Not much else to report here from ye olde Pine Curtain. Thankfully, things are actually kind of calm right now. But March is going to be a busy month, so check back often!
Nycticebus
Geography games online
N.J. Office of Homeland Security Preparedness
From lizard and ostrich Style based on the cortex precious luxury, Hermes Birkin is the price different.Hermes Birkin is always the woman’s patent, but it’s different in the Hermes autumn 2011 and winter, you M Men now find Hermes Birkin, this is perhaps due to the Hermes Birkin, Marc Jacobs, so that Hermes also know that M have Birkin handbags excellent men. 35cm Hermes Victoria purple bag people, many believe that you can buy bags Hermes Birkin crocodile dream, if you have enough money until you have the waiting time, but it is just as important as whether the purchase or maintain.The crocodile laterly General mist and smooth surface surface, the price for the fog lights is h ago as too slick face.Alligator of Florida living in humid region of USIT and hot produce, is a genus Alligator is found hrdet, it has pores pig, the vein is irregular strength, and has big e scale.Niloticus is in Southern Africa in Zimbabwe, as the crocodile and big e African Nile Crocodile, regulations and vein size e is called productive Gr envorteile are relatively center.Porosus also say Ogre Crocodile Alligator Bay, to the big s Ren protected rare alligator go it productive of Papua New Guinea and northern Australia, The leather bag that is labeled H are top leather, leather Birkin is more excitement and good smaller.In is, the crocodile is not waterproof, so you should pay attention to the pay scales to fall.
After doing the pockets, which can be found in a previous post, I had some round bars of Italian milled soap and decided to create a pocket for those as well.
Also I missed a call this morning to meet with someone about advertising, but now I feel it’s so late that I might as well call tomorrow and setup something because I’m just too tired to actually talk on the phone. Email is so much easier on me.
And get ourselves
So this is Lana del Rey who reminds me of a goldfish. I don’t like her voice and I don’t like her songs but the overall package well of course it’s a package and very nicely packaged it is a product they could have made 20 yrs ago if they had known how (and why) and 40yrs ago if they had been paying attention to the future is never what you expect. The King’s Wool, indeed. She was born to die if you believe what she has to say here :
“Sir, basically I wish to gain the knowledge and skills required to be a global manager in today’s dynamic world where businesses are changing rapidly with the environment. “
Psychological and Sexual Torture for Travelers
Initiate communication. Throughout the center selection process and during the first few weeks after enrollment, parents will respond well to the follow up actions you take to show that you care. I like to quote, “People don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care”. Good follow up that is well-timed and of value to the parents helps them feel you have their child’s and their own interests at heart. It builds confidence, and confidence sells.
Realising a simple restoration wasn’t possible I erased the drive from Disk Utility and then checked the disk for errors, none were reported. This was good news as it appeared the disk was physically ok. I then ran the Snow Leopard installation and attempted a restoration from Time Machine. Once again this failed. I then used Disk Utility to check the Time Machine drive and it found errors, which were corrected.
Just another dark and empty street
My RE wants to see me in two weeks for an u/s. By 6 weeks in a few days, we should be able to see a heartbeat.
These 2 projects were designed by Charlotte to show how 1 design can be changed.
Hiya everyone, Colette here,
Right below our school building is a busy street corner, where we have our lunch every day at the local mata’am. While scarfing down a schwarma or a bowl of “ful” (beans), we usually have opportunities to chat with other Sudanese who frequent the cafeteria. We’ve met university professors, public health workers, amjad drivers, businessmen, and other students from Jamaa Africa across the street. We are thankful for any opportunity to practice what we’ve learned in class.
Friday of the Third Week of Easter
Oh my goth. Oh my goth indeed. The title of the collection was particularly apt. Hardly a goth-like figure in sight, as clown-like flared trousers jostled for attention against Rosette-strewn skirts. There was plenty of black in there, don't get me wrong. But you barely noticed it. And it didn't seem like the heavy, headache-inducing, angry sort of black that a lot of designers spew forth. There was a lightness to it all, which was the most intriguing thing. Oh my goth might as well be an exclamation, both of incredulity and surprise, though not, we might add, an unwelcome one. The goth girl is all grown up. And look how far she has come.
So the Wind Won’t Blow It All Away
FFS get your priorities straight people.
CRIME fears are keeping football fans away from the World Cup.
Not too very long ago this sort of thing would not be tolerated on the court, field or ice. Ever. Under any circumstances. Not long ago if you did something as crappy as trying to trick an official into calling a foul, you were as likely to get your butt kicked by a teammate as by an opponent. It was considered unsportsmanlike and beneath whatever sport you were playing. Do you know what happened to gladiators that flopped? Somebody stabbed them — historical fact. You can look it up, although I think I’d prefer if you didn’t.
All the gods sat back in amusement
Well, that's all I have. I am going to a flea market on Sunday(yes I have the hubby's approval to be absent the beginning of Father's Day..especially if it means I might actually contribute something to the bills) & hope I have some luck selling some of these. I also have some other "things" I'm working on. I started out on this web of blogs initially interested in gardens & such. WELL..HA...have you seen any of these DIY blogs??? How about the "Upcycling"????? I am in awe of these people and quite addicted to them now. I now find myself stalking garage sales, flea markets, and, yes, I will admit, people's garbage, looking for something I can give a new life to. I have several things I have done or in "process". Couple of weeks ago I scored some gorgeous (!!!!) solid wood (not sure what, could be maple or walnut) cabinett doors that were never used & a huge pile of trim in every size, shape & color. YAY ME!!!! 5 of the doors I made in to chalkboards, & the last one which is plain I plan on using it to top a table base I picked up today. UNLESS...I can find a really cool piece of flagstone & figure out how to attach it....HMMMM...
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib/libvxdiscovery.so
Here are a few snaps from the happy couples wedding day.
Well hello there! It's been so long since posting here, I almost forgot how. And my poor neglected camera... I didn't take a single from the end of June until late September. But I thought I'd pop in to share what little bits are in my photo file. See you again soon I hope.
I can hear you hitting your head on the desk and saying "but you told me to make the sentences shorter and here you are making them longer! What are you DOING, SharkForBrains?"
I loved the fit and feel of this skirt all day - the slit at the back is not very high, so I had to take less than my usual big strides. It felt very old-school.
All in all, I tremendously enjoyed this series and cannot wait to read more of it--The Iron Knight, Ash's story, will be released some time later in the year and you can totally bet I'll be reading it. It's been around four days only since I finished the latest instalment, and I'm already missing these characters and their thrilling escapades!
May 14, 2010 Clip No. 2482
Are you psyched? I am! Just fill out the form below to register. I will email all the participants once the slots are filled.
Sundals - All the dry beans can be used as plain or sprouted to enhance its nutrients.
Alnwick (AN-ik, with a silent l and w) is a small market town in north Northumberland. The town's population was just over 8000 at the time of the 2001 census and Alnwick's district population was 31,029.
You arrive at the poll station. A table is lined with stacks of photocopies of the slates from 32 party, coalition and individual candidates.
18. Beware the Ides of March," said the soothsayer to Julius Caesar. His English was impeccable.
The only way out of this situation for these organisations was for them to develop a theory by which Russia could be described as not being a Workers State – even a deformed or degenerated Workers State. That was what they did, but in order to do so they had to ditch Marxist analysis, Marxist categories, and instead adopt the methods and analysis of bourgeois sociology, of subjectivism. In place of the Marxist method of Historical Materialism, which starts with the material base of society, with the relations of production, and the classes that arise upon it, the social relations that then develop between these classes, and the laws and mores of the political superstructure, which arise on top of that, the Third Campists turned that on its head. Instead they began with the political supestructure, and showing that this political superstructure was dominated by a bureaucracy that was self-serving – what bureaucracy is not – and acted against the workers interests, noting that this political superstructure exercised control over the means of production, rather than the workers, they concluded that this could not possibly be a Workers State.
The overhead lighting casts a warm glow, giving those of us with naturally fair hair a gingery hue.
The edges of the chiffon and organza ribbons need restraint and a narrow zigzag does a pretty job of edging. For readers cringing at the very thought of how long it might take to zigzag around 32 ribbons, 72″ long:
…it gives me creeps!!
Favorite activity in your free time: Motorcycling
Thanks to Anna at Hachette Books, I have 3 copies of The 3-Day Cleanse to giveaway to 3 of my readers.
We celebrated Gi's birthday Sunday. I am so happy that she is on the road to recovery after her back surgery. Watch out Lakeside . . . you have a new "walker" on your hands :)
I know I should really have made all those links but it would take forever!
Things look good for Newt. He has the lead, his support seems to have more room to grow than Romney’s, and so far he’s not seeing any ill effects from his ex-wife going to the media. It’s important to note though that many average South Carolina voters- the non-political junkies- will get their first exposure to the Marianne Gingrich story in the morning paper or on the news sometime tomorrow. That may or may not end up having a big impact on his numbers. But it’s important to keep in mind.
When Patrick came home from work the next day, he came to me with a notebook. He started to write down his prayers. This would become a lifeline for him in the following days, weeks and months.
The kids woke up early this morning when they heard me watching
My local animal shelter, Upland Animal Shelter, is personal to me. I’ve adopted two dogs from there and I’m so grateful that someone scooped these strays up from the streets, treated them and fed them and kept them warm & dry for a few days so that I could meet them and take them home with me.
I like to think it has. If it was deliberately carved, and I believe it was, then it doesn’t really matter when it was made, or by whom, or to what level of sophistication. Taken on its own merits, it’s an attempt to create art. It’s not perfect, by any means - but then, what is?
At any rate, I can truly say that the following list is in no particular order, though there are some that I visit more regularly than others (the first three). But the rest are also fantastic and I try to get by to visit them as much as possible. They are all well worth your time.
Quiet and a nice place to stay with meals right there and of course cold LIMCAS!
I sat down determined to fight laziness. I stared at the blank page and imagined the face of my teacher. I imagined her scolding me for not doing my homework, and I immediately had an incentive to write. My pen was about to touch the page, when my eyes fell on one of the thick books that I brought. Stupid, I thought, I should be subjected to a full mental check-up. Better yet, I should be sent to an institution for severely ignorant beings. Why? I had mistakenly taken my Birthday Secrets book instead of my thesaurus.
Gently ease the skin away from the breasts and thighs of the guinea fowl, inserting your fingers between skin and flesh at the end of the bird to make a pocket between the two. Push the soft herbs under the skin as well as small tender sprigs of thyme. Pare off thin strips of lemon zest and put them into the bird's cavity, together with any extra herbs. Squeeze the lemon juice and rub it over the outside then lightly season the whole both inside and out.
Here's a clip from one of my favorite movies, Carmen, by Carlos Saura.
Once you start the pasta, get ready to work quickly! In a wok or large skillet, heat canola oil to smoking. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and stir quickly so as not to burn garlic. (About 15 seconds.) Add broccoli and cauliflower and stir about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add grated ginger. Add rice vinegar to deglaze. Stir. Add bell pepper and scallions. Stir. Keep everything moving to avoid scorching. Add mushrooms. Continue stirring and cooking until mushrooms have softened. Add drained water chestnuts.
Excuse me I think I fell off my chair laughing at that idea! KY is having a hilarity seizure at my feet. Where's the inhaler??
However, there are two other leads, one in Park Rynie and one in Umkomaas (all nearby) that we're looking into, so all hope is certainly not lost!!
What if healing can be found in ways we have never entertained? Even though I have never been much of a mainstream type of person, just like with my belief that Michael was invincible, I still seem to carry a barely buried belief that if he would just go through chemo, he would live a long and healthy happy ever after. Can I shake that belief and accept that there are healing methods which have helped people for thousands of years and which just might change my life and the life of my sweet hubby? I don't know how these things can help unless we open ourselves to them.
C - Chow Chow Sambar
Heavenly Father, I declare that Your Word and the influence of righteousness is growing and prevailing all over Nigeria, and the world, and the works of darkness are defeated! Your peace will continuously reign supreme in our land and all over the world; I pray for the abundant supply of Your Wisdom to our leaders, to govern the affairs of the nation in righteousness, peace and justice, in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen!
This is a Very Good Thing for the Water Cooler and should be well worth the minor discomfort of going without our online community for one day.
In a brief interview posted to YouTube (below), McAfee says the whole incident was ‘a shock to everyone involved,’ and that he’s ‘sure it’ll never happen again.’ McAfee says that the over 40 heavily armed members of the Belezian GSU (Gang Suppression Unit) raided his home/research center not because he was in violation of any laws, but because he refused to to give money to an unnamed politician before last month’s election.
So you'll go VERY quickly through the Third Square--by railway, I should think--and you'll find
Love will save the Day
What's the solution? End excise taxes. Stop taxing targetted industries. If you don't think people should smoke, make it illegal (and good luck to you if it's just one state at a time). Don't try to balance the do-gooder "raise taxes so people stop smoking" with the darkly cynical "raise taxes and hope they don't stop smoking so much that we lose revenue." Do away with all these ridiculous taxes and fees and charges and nickel-dime bullshit. Tax income and property, things everyone has to pay (you can be progressive about it, I'm not touting a flat tax) and no one can avoid by smuggling their home into another state.
Personal-lines insurance rates were up 1 percent in April compared to the same month a year ago, according to MarketScout’s latest Market Barometer.
The life of wealth often yields forms of deprivation that are simply not appealing to sensible adults. It heralds an ugly world of sour adages: life is unfair; you have to look out for yourself; you have all the friends that money can buy. Wealth brings fantasies as to the specialness of one’s life and activities, when in fact there tend to be a dozen others who stand ready to take one’s place. It brings disproportionate responsibility for maladies cited above — for environmental destruction, exploitation of people, infliction of harm on innocents.
for Aristotle to sit,
Baxtor
Treat yourself to something special and enjoy the moment.
Meanwhile, fans have been left amazed at the fact that Park Yoochun took part in the Baeksang Arts Awards ceremony on the same day of the accident and showed nothing out of the ordinary.
Somehow seems prophetic…
Sea Shepherd’s call-to-arms followed more than a week’s worth of outrage from groups opposing the plan to lethally remove up to 92 California sea lions from the Bonneville Dam area in an effort to protect salmon.
I don't really know what the doorbells of Venice and the fabric of Fortuny have in common other than that for me, they both conjure up the history and romance of another world. xv
But, the Mirror Pool is NOT the fulfilment of God’s promises. It’s simply a sign along the way. It is beautiful, but not the fulness. Let’s rejoice over it, but not settle for it. There’s more coming.
And that he did.
On the other hand, when is the difference in cost between the e-book and print versions of a book small enough to induce me to factor in the non-quantifiable tactile benefits of embracing a print version, the better to dog-ear, highlight and ultimately to place on the top row of my bookshelf? The problem is that, when I find out the answer to that question, the print version alternative may no longer be available. If so, then what will be the pressures on e-book pricing that will prevent an ever-increasing sticker price?
To the north-east of the pyramid, is the ‘Templo de los Guerreros’, the temple of the warriors complex, which consists of a large stepped pyramid fronted and flanked by rows of carved columns depicting warriors.
My last weekend--very s-l-o-w sales........it was a bit disappointing, but I had such a fun time all of these weeks (except for the first rainy Saturday) that I'm going back next year! I did some great shopping too---very one of a kind finds.
The subject of the HBO double Emmy Award-winning documentary Autism: The Musical, The Miracle Project is an organization which brings Autistic children together to help them uncover their potential through music, dance, acting, storytelling and writing.
* There may or may not have been multiple takes, and this may or may not have been the best one.
But the definition of ‘space head’ includes being a hopeless dreamer as well, and my fondest wish is that we’ll someday realize that it’s just not wise to keep all our eggs in this one basket. After all, space is a dangerous place – even when your ship is as big as the Earth. Besides, conquering the unconquerable is in our nature. I also think it’s good for the soul.
so here’s some random thoughts:
**And, don't take it to a seamstress. It must roll on them or something because it cost $20 for the 3 backgrounds to be serged! They were also a lot smaller when I got them back. But, they still looked nice and I know the way my girls are with theirs so I hope they like them too.
OK, so , a few months ago I did not even know a word like "cloche" , and now I'm making them out of light fittings? WHAT NEXT, PEOPLE???!!!
Breivik liked my letter. This was a message I emailed and posted on Facebook about the secret deals between PM Ted Heath and French PM Georges Pompidou to inveigle Britain into the EU. The evidence I cited was obtained by Mrs. Thatcher in a Freedom of Information request and is available to the public on the website of The Margaret Thatcher Foundation. (2)
In 1986, following the passing of the Airports Act, the British Airports Authority was dissolved and all its properties, rights and liabilities were passed to a new company, BAA. BAA was privatised and floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1987.
2 g vanilla extract
Kumarakom
For a while now I have not been happy with some of my photo frames the white ones, I bought white because they were half the price of the black or brown ones but every time I looked at them I thought how out of place they looked so when I did my shopping this week I bought black paint and some paint brushes and last night I got off my ass and took them off the wall and started painting them.
Some boxes are full of silverware. Baby spoons that were used to feed me as but an infant- feed me on neglect that I not know I deserve to be seen. There are forks of indifference and using from my toddlerhood that prodded me to not see myself, to learn to hide from their jab. Then there are the knives, kept sharpened on the anger, received and grown. I remove them gently, in longing for what should have been. I dip each in the cleansing mixture of my tears of a women’s remembering her child within and God’s love to then be polished to a shine. The tarnishing of a child’s fury and whys to be wiped away.
There is a story of a boy who had a good heart. Once this boy saw a caterpillar in his garden. He began to carefully observe it. He found that the caterpillar was in a difficult situation. It was bound by a cocoon and was struggling to release itself from this cocoon. It strove very hard to come out of it. But try as it may, it was not able tocome out of it even by a centimeter. But it never gave up its efforts. It tried and tried.
ps. i’m almost fifteen weeks! and sort of showing! update to follow soon; right now i have to go to an unpaid, three hour, mandatory meeting that i’m obviously really looking forward to. sigh.
For amazing lessons I always keep up with Amy Lemons. I love all her fun with construction paper crafts! That girl must have tons! Her stuff is amazing, free, and just right for my 2nd graders.
The most fascinating part of the movie occurs when she is posted to Europe and acquires a French lover.
I adore steel tanker desks and one would nip my storage problem in the bud. Rehab Vintage in LA has some that are new and others that have been refurbished. I'd love to get one in a fun color...probably turquoise or orange. Here's the standard gray, which is also neat.
3. Pay it forward to 8 bloggers that you have recently discovered - Check!
+ another 3 sachets vanilla sugar for dusting
A 2009 state law led California public schools to award those degrees to both living and deceased students as part of the California Nisei College Diploma Project. The action came after the University of Washington and University of Oregon also granted honorary degrees in 2008.
“Never loose focus and track,
"I'm going for a drink of water," Ted responded. "Ciel, mes braves! It's très hot in here."
For example the first president of the Banana Republic of North America comes to mind when Jefferson states:
*It should be pointed out that WAR on the Fangraphs site -- which many prefer -- has Rice ahead by a bit 56.1 to 52.6. I suspect for Jim Rice fans, that's still way too close.
The shocking thing is that there are marketers so clueless and dazed they actually buy this baloney. And there are marketing "experts" who take this nonsense seriously.
In addition to the foregoing General Objections, Plaintiff objects to Request No. 6 on the grounds that it is overbroad, unduly burdensome and calls for information that is not relevant to any claim or defense of any party.
2010: .344/.438/.656 with 7 homers
Supply cubbies.
Here is the final example of how I applied coloring shadows onto a birthday present. Today is my 30th birthday, and already I have been given some very nice gifts, so this tutorial is my Thank You!!
To understand that power we have to first understand that Easter really did happen. We believe that because the Scriptures of the New Testament are filled with eyewitness accounts. Those accounts tell us over and over again that Jesus did die on the cross . . . that he was buried . . . that on the third day he did rise from the dead . . . and, finally, that he is Lord and Savior and the Son of the Living God.
REFLECTIONS ON CONSTITUTIONAL LAW, by George Anastaplo
Like Pollan’s approach, Stein arrived at her present opinion through a series of trial and error. She didn’t set fire to a woodchuck’s home, but she did take part in the wholesale spraying of trees which led to the destruction of more than just the pest she was trying to save the trees from. Now (well, seventeen years ago) she doesn’t preach that you completely let your lawn go wild - what appears will not always be what you want to see - but that you understand the stages at which things happen, plant judiciously and with a vision of what it will look like in seventeen years rather than seventeen days (or months, even) and know that once you’ve restored the habitat to the balance it knew before the developers had their way with it...well, then you can sit back and watch the party. (By the way, I found the chapter in which she used the “Lawn As Party, Gardener as Host/Hostess” metaphor particularly charming.)
While being participants of the pervasive real-time frenzy of The Internet, we at Fitmemes are also strong supporters of All Things Physical and of the reassuring stability of printed press. "These words will forever be on this page" reminds us of the value and the mono-tasking dedication we gave in writing a snail mail to our peers.
This autumn see's the arrival of a collection that compliments all shapes and figures. Popular to the fuller, more curvy female figure, dresses are nipped in at the top of waists to draw attention to the slimmest area on the body, and then allowed to freely flow out underneath into a structured a line shape, conveniently hiding that festive belly. Horray we can all enjoy a glass of mulled wine (or few) without worry!
Other - Border punch (Martha Stewart), Cricut Art Philosophy, Spellbinders Small Ovals, Spellbinders Labels 10, 3D foam tape
Life may not be fair at times, but you will have to learn to fight through it and in the end it will all turn out alright. Do what you love and never let others tell you what you should be doing. Always remember that although life will be a struggle, it’s ok to go out there and have fun from time to time. It will keep you sane.
And Happiness,
O.K. so now I am going to cry. I really miss chocolate.
Regnans stiffened even more than usual. Nothing on him moved, apart from his eyes, which darted around quickly.
Whatever the reason, I predicted he’d be back online before too long. He stayed away for longer than I thought he would – for H3, six months is almost an eternity.
We should not pity ourselves nor should we want to be pitied by others. I won’t allow the fact that my parents never went to college to be a reason to believe that I cannot receive a degree. I won’t allow the past sins I have engaged in to detour my ability to fully serve the Lord. I won’t allow my past misconceptions about love to determine how I love others. Even as I love, I pray to always love with the love of Christ. I won’t even allow my old passion for medicine to modify the pursuit of happiness in any career God has for me. And ultimately, I won’t allow the lies of the enemy in the past to steal the joy, prosperity, and dominance given to me by the Lord. Haven’t you heard? The past is gone and the new is here (2 Corinthians 5:17) !
I dunno. I guess I could incorporate it. Hmmm...
66. Learn not to hate them before the year is over.
I am excited and I hope you all are as well.
Better one coming next month!
04. Unspoken
--forty and four,
interests (what American historian Gabriel Jackson termed ‘The Black
****happy monday!***
No time for thinking. (Besides, you have nothing to think about, you have already answered at all.)
Article Source: Mpumalanga
When all the breathers of this world are dead,
Santorum: the little fetuses had to
Onward is not just a book about coffee (although Schultz loves coffee), it is about love for a company and a leader who wanted to stay true to what that company was all about.
Today was the day, 31yrs ago, that I gave birth to our son David.......he was a wonderfully quiet, sweet little boy who weighed in at 9lbs. even. His birth was a bit traumatic, ending in a C-section, but I was oh so glad to have him in my arms. He was cuddly and had a sweet sweet temperament. One day while holding him I had a thought enter in my mind....unbidden, unwanted and frankly scared the hell out of me for a brief moment. In that brief moment I thought that I wouldn't have him with us for very long and then I shook myself away....far away from that thought and carried on with what I was doing, smelling his sweet hair and holding him close to my heart.
Some seem to think that low interest rates are a cure all for everything ailing the real estate market. Certainly the Federal Reserve believes this. Japan has mastered the low interest rate world:
Be sure to stop by again tomorrow for a project featuring this lovely carnation!
8. The forcefulness of simplicity.
Question: Can a minister who has freed himself from the doctrines still be a minister in the Lutheran Church?
Though I am completely exhausted from non-stop house work this weekend, it is nice to look back and see all that was accomplished. I barely have enough energy to write this post so bear with me. (At least when I started it I felt that way. That’s probably why it took me 3 days.)
We were waiting until Christmas to start because it seemed a logical stopping point. Then we moved it to after Thanksgiving. My daughter, however, was begging to stop now. She was teary-eyed before school each day. Our imposing an arbitrary, later date was one more way of not trusting her lead.
We continued on making the journey to our destination. Some of us would talk to each other, and for a moment, for a brief moment, there was silence. We probably grew a little tired of talking and walked in silence, until a guy behind me farted followed by his friend’s yell, “Ewwwww!!!” The guy made the trip even more memorable. Haha!
Overall, I think the first episode was about $5, and I don’t regret it. The animation takes a minute to get used to, but the controls are fairly intuitive. The game is similar to the old point and click puzzle games like Myst and Eric the Unready (one of my favorites). There are various puzzles to solve, like how to kill all the walkers silently or how to get the key for the pharmacy, and a series of actions have to be performed in order. It’s fairly straightforward and the sense of achievement for figuring it out isn’t as high as it might be if it wasn’t so straightforward. “Oh, I see I can pick this up. I must be able to use it over here. Oh, here’s where I can use it. Look, this is inside. I bet I can use it over on that other thing I could highlight but wasn’t able to use.” Also, there are some surprises. There are two characters in the game that are in the comics and the show, and no, Rick isn’t one of them.
You'd think I like them.
-The girl's sudden psychotic break and segue into hallucinating a stuffed bear that speaks? (0:46-0:47)
Angela Merkel has said Europe needs "political courage and creativity rather than billions of euros" in a thinly disguised rejection of Francois Hollande's pledge to re-write the fiscal pact if he wins the French presidential election on Sunday.
The colors are Wild Wasabi, More Mustard and Pretty in Pink. The stamp sets are Vintage Vogue and Just Believe.
Best moment
Firstly we are going to announce the lucky winner of the £10.00 gift voucher courtesy of Joanna Sheen and as always to be fair we used random.org. We had 144 linked entries and 1 email entry and the winner is:
"If I know what really like is, it is because of you." - Hermann Hesse
Many consumer products have been redesigned recently to be BPA-free, most famously those Nalgene water bottles. Nalgene was forced to make BPA-free bottles to stem a consumer backlash.
Having been blind-sided by cancer, she titled her book Bright-Sided, after the assaults on realism with which governments and corporations work to reduce scrutiny, criticism, and the impulse to reform.
Good Christ Almighty, we aborted 80,000 babies last year and now we are being medicated over 14 babies….sheesh our priorities sure are screwed.
‘Hmmm, okay we’ll fix it.’
“Self, a dresser just like that is exactly what I’m looking for in the Bub’s room.”
Part twenty two
Airbourne Unicorn with a smile.
There are times you have to make decisions you would rather not have to make, and this morning was a prime example of that. But this time, at least, there was a silver lining in an otherwise dark cloud.
by Sammie L. Carter copyright 4/01/2012 07:15 am
Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee (Genesis 17:5).
She shifted on the bed beside him. Having held in the urge to squirm all she could, Elannara curled into a ball and giggled. "Alright! Alright, I'm up already!" She turned to face him with a mischevious grin.
The Llandudno Cable Car
Comments: A story about the mutability of language, custom, and belief, and the “logical” conclusions we draw as a result of artifacts and the material conditions of the present. Possibly an example of “present as future past.” Available in Great Tales of Science Fiction (Silverberg and Greenberg).
Today that will never happen.
Christmas morning I was startled awake by James who was informing me that he was awake and that Santa did in fact came to our house and that he would be really quiet and won't wake anyone up while he opens his presents.
director of record for the new Girl Crazy, while the deposed Berkeley would
A perfect example of that is this article from 1911. The mermaid in this story sat on a stone and sang all night disturbing a baby.
I received the first lovely quilt shown here from Kaite Matilda in NSW. It is a lovely bright and fun quilt and will be going to a child who attends a camp at the end of the year, for neglected/abused children.
J.D: Hey, Mr. Coleman, how are you feeling?
A place then, in the sense in which we wish to use the word, should be an enclosed space. The sense of enclosure is essential to the idea ; not the complete enclosure of a continuous ring of buildings, like a quadrangle, for example; but a general sense of enclosure resulting from a fairly continuous frame of buildings, the breaks in which are small in relative extent and not too obvious.
Today was a great ride. Same arena, but the middle of the day instead of dusk with all the horse eating shadows. I set up a grid, barrels, one stride to a vertical, one stride to a second vertical, 2 strides to barrels. I'd say the verticals were about 2'3, a little higher than the barrels. The first time we fleeeeeewwww through it and did the 2 strides in one. I second guessed myself... was that really a long one stride? I thought I measured 30'. So we did it backwards and lo and behold, it was two. I discovered something really important today. Jasper responds to half halts between jumps. I never even tried before because I totally assumed he'd be oblivious to them. We jumped the grid both ways, first from a trot and then from an easy canter. Our last time through we landed over the last vertical, I gave a half halt and a "whoa!" and got a nice 2 tot he barrels. He was balanced enough after barrels that he was able to stop easily and smoothly and I jumped off and gave him lots of praise. Good 'nuff...!
Of course, if one were prepared to engage in illegal activities, it would not be hard to think of ways to use Antifa’s laxness in this regard to punish it and rot away at it from the inside. Doing so without crossing the line into illegality, however, would require detailed case-by-case knowledge of what sort of information could be gathered on individual Antifa members to convince the police to prosecute them, public authorities to withdraw their financial support, or employers to fire them. Whether or not any theoretical efforts made in this regard might not be made with greater effect in lobbying to reform the relevant parts of the welfare state or persuade the police and courts to more assiduously prosecute Antifa in the first place is, admittedly, an open question.
I got myself depressed being alone, crying and screaming in pillows.
K-Drama side note: Rooftop prince is getting more and more awesome! Can I have 20 ep’s instead of 16 please?!?!? KKTHX
Please note if you ARE German, this is all in good fun. It's just comedy. I laugh at English stereotypes.
Jose Mendez - Almendares Blues
Roll thawed rolls in sugar mixture and place evenly in pan.
I love his sense of humour
Sleep with someone else. Preferably someone hotter and more interesting. Honestly, interesting can really be taken out of the equation. As long as you have hotter, you're probably fine.
Picking apart those
Step#3 – When you register you will be working for the company as an independent contractor. That means thanks to Uncle Sam and for tax purposes your Social Security Number will be requested. If you aren’t comfortable giving this information out, this may not be for you.
Serendipity 7 is my venture with my soul friend, Marcie. It is all things vintage, up cycled and good. I love it....we are getting ready for our first vintage sale on April 21st....this is working for me. I am loving everything about it! Time with my soul friend, a new challenge, creating awesomeness.
3 less
1. take a baggie, cut it along the side and along the bottom. I feel ziplocks work best.
Well, here's to another night of no sleep.
discover textures with the tips of my fingers -
The holy abbot St. Antony was accustomed to say to the phantoms of his mind: “I see you, but I do not look at you: I see you because it does not depend upon me that my imagination places before my eyes things I would wish not to see; I do not look at you because with my will I repulse and reject you.”
By the way, I've already made my Twitter account (@stella_meimei) public, so feel free to follow me and say hi whenever you can!
DELRAY BEACH — Detectives suspect a man with a violent past is involved in the murders of two children who were found folded into black bags and tossed into a canal near the city’s south side, police said this evening.
#18 - At Least He's a Hall of Famer Now
yelling at me along the way.
Unexplained? I’ll explain it: criminal are using guns to rob people in their homes because they know that the law-abiding are not going to be armed.
At this point Dr. John Reynolds, the President of Corpus Christi College of Oxford, a leader of the Puritan side in the Church of England, and one of the greatest scholars of his day, proposed a new translation of the Bible into English. King James responded warmly to this suggestion because he despised the then popular Geneva Bible. The king was troubled by the often revolutionary margin notes of the Geneva Bible which spoke extensively against corrupt and immoral kings. King James ordered that a single translation that the whole nation could rely on "to be read in the whole church", should be produced by 50 of the nations finest language scholars and he approved rules for carefully checking the results, including no marginal notes at all to be effected, but only for the explanation of the Hebrew or Greek words, and to draw attention to parallel passages.
Titus is still rocking on all fours. He's been doing it for about 2 weeks and I just know he's going to take off at any moment. Life, as we know it will completely change.
kids’ hands make wonders tiny,
Believe it or not, this ski mask is NOT a Halloween costume. And little Ronnie’s soul is NOT being crushed by the humiliation of having to wear it in public.
Well, dearies, I trashed that steak so I'll need to research how to handle grass fed meat (I've heard they need different handling but yesterday I was just winging it). But I'm actually pretty happy that I trashed that steak because it allowed us an opportunity to see personal evolution in action.
“Why aren’t you out there fishing?” he asked.
I should also note that I have had a glass of wine.! hee hee, so if this blog post offends you in anyway, just ignore it.
I will take suggestions for 2012, but for some reason a Fast & Furious-a-thon is sounding like a potential change of pace.
While breaking up the already chipped and broken plates I discovered a few things:
At mile 24 I had another friend who was waiting for me with her big brown dog. She made a really funny sign that said something along the lines “Don’t stop running, the dog farted”. I enjoyed this laugh and better than that she gave me a beer. If I wasn’t going to get a good time I was at least going to enjoy the rest of my run. The Miller Light with the screw on caps, greatest invention ever. So I just ran with a beer in my hand. I got a few odd looks but I didn’t care at this point.
Lap record Kimi Raikkonen (Ferrari F2008) 1m21.670s (205.121km/h)
But the point of this post is not to give a detailed history or argue for one side or the other. I just want to stand back and made some broad(er) statements on the worship wars in general and how I would “mediate” both sides.
—Nazi Poster, 1921
he followed us on our holiday travels --
In a very real way to be human is to love other species and so long as that remains rational and not carried to extremes that is a very good thing.
Founded in 1979, WWN was the only supermarket tabloid that adhered to the weird and wonderful when all its cousins shifted their primary focus toward vomiting up dullwitted celebrity gossip. Now where will we go to learn of the latest exploits of Bat Boy? Who will tell us when the aliens endorse Hillary Clinton?
by Fiona Robyn
I watched Pearl Jam Twenty over the weekend. Pearl Jam is a band that was the inception of my teenage years and introduced me to some of the most amazing people I have the pleasure of knowing. These people, whether they knew it or not, lifted me up in a time (high school) when I was so lost. They introduced me to a whole new world. A world where I could have an opinion. A world where I could find friendship, love, life and everything in between.
Alcohol graphic
Hanish is my friend who was with me from fifth class until engineering. We were travelling in his new Fiero bike with the knowledge that I was deprived of a license.
Initiating sex, or just random makeout sessions, in new places is another way for you to be in charge. The grocery store may not be the sexiest place on the planet, but a carefully placed stroke or kiss can let him know that you’re the one who decides when it’s sexy time.
To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama
CIRCLING THE ELF
In the end, this is going to become another "See? Publishers can't tell what is good, so you might as well jump right to self-publication for your novel. And I can help you do so (and make a profit myself) by…" from various of the self-publishing gurusand from vanity presses masquerading as self-publishing gurus. I will put a fiver on each of the following propositions:
The ORNL report clearly notes that it does not include “inventories of government production reactor spent nuclear fuels that have been reprocessed in the manufacture of nuclear weapons for national defense…” (ORNL Data Base, 1994, p. 2); it is highly unlikely that all 239Pu produced by government reactors from 1944 to 1994 have been recycled into weapons grade plutonium without creating more than 3,919 kg of waste as listed in the DOD report.
But then I would sound just like my mum about 30 years ago.
the flow of Egyptian gas puts the last nail in the coffin of one of the only manifestations of normalization between Israel and Egypt, and is yet additional evidence of a deterioration in bilateral relations because of the regime’s capitulation to the pressure of the masses. It seems that even though 35 years have passed since the peace agreement
It’s easy to jump to the conclusion that every download is a lost sale and this will cost writers and publishers a fortune, perhaps our livelihoods. But it’s impossible to tell how many people downloading pirate e-copies would otherwise buy a paper book, and that’s the figure that really represents lost sales. Many would never read the book if they could only get it by paying for it. It’s not clear yet whether piracy will cost more sales than borrowing books from friends or libraries, or looking through them in bookshops. Not everyone wants to read a novel on screen and in some cases Scribd may even boost sales, if the reader gives up and orders the book from Amazon instead. But as people become more willing to read books on screen (computer, phone, whatever), the licit and illicit will come closer together. The longer publishers resist producing their own e-books, the more likely a book is to be pirated; not wanting to ‘do’ e-books may not be an option. The transition period, as a new model of reading, paying for and distributing books emerges, is likely to be a rocky ride for publishers and writers.
Monday saw us get together with my family for lasagna. Not your usual Thanksgiving dinner, but none of us care what we eat... we just like to hang out together! My two great nieces were very wound up (they are 8 and 5) and kept us very entertained. The 5 year old handed out fake $100 bills, which she then proceeded to collect from us for some very pricey "popcorn" she was making using yellow game pieces. She's going to be a shyster when she grows up! The 8 year old spent a lot of effort trying to convince her mother why she shouldn't have to eat any more veggies but should get an extra piece of cheesecake. We all agreed she's going to be a solicitor.
Fashion designer, Stella McCartney has revealed the Olympic and Paralympic attire for team GB, taking a twist on the Union Jack flag as a point of inspiration for each outfit.
"I'm a tree in a story about a forest fire." Pastor Driscoll enjoys talking about sinners burning in the pits of hell.
Easter is the celebration of the miraculous. You might say, so is Christmas; and you would be right. Easter, however, differs from Christmas in several significant ways, for example, with Easter we celebrate God’s victory over death. The virgin birth has a very important place in the life of Jesus Christ but it would have little or no meaning if Jesus had not risen from the dead.
“Don’t be silly.” Cora paused for a moment. “Why are you so fussed up about this, anyway?”
18. Dance With Me
My Horse Likes You by Bonapart
I went to my local T-Mobile store to check it out and jesus – it’s huge!
10 High Knee, 10 Mountain Climber (equals 1!): 2/3/3
Many of you have already noticed (and commented, thank you!) my new blog design. I absolutely LOVE it! I have to thank Cassie at Primitive & Proper for introducing me to Thais at House09. There are many blog designers out there, but Thais runs a full-service design studio specializing in websites, blogs, stationary and logos. She is incredibly talented...and better yet...insanely patient!!! She worked with me until everything was exactly how I wanted it (even when I didn't know what I wanted!), never once losing her cool (she is in Washington, however, so who knows what she was doing every time she received one of my heavily numbered emails!!)
■Farmer’s Neighbor #1
All right, it’s almost morning. Great stuff, Barack, and Merry Christmas to Michelle and the kids! Ho ho ho!
Happy Pig Day! by Mo Willems – Gerald and Piggie are so funny together! Piggie wants Gerald to help celebrate Pig Day, but when Gerald realizes he doesn’t share Piggie’s traits (a curly tail, a snout, the ability to oink) he feels left out. However, the day is saved – Piggie always knows how to include his best friend though. The adventures of Gerald and Piggie (complete with subtle lessons and beginning reader vocabulary) continue in other Elephant and Pig books by Willems. Recommended by Gretchen M.
all the way going back, i've been thinking,
Who Is Taking Care of Your Kids?
Meet Hairy. Eric brought him home on Friday with a short butch haircut. Now look at him! While putting a paper in Eric's homework folder today I noticed dirt and grass in there. When I told him we needed to clean it Eric told me, "I want to remember Hairy's first haircut". So we put the grass in a plastic bag and I cleaned the folder.
'How these curiosities would be quite forgot, did not such idle fellowes as I put them down.'
a few responses…
The birds are outside my window again, screeching their wake up call. One cat sleeps beside me, his furry head resting on my arm while the rest of his body purrs under the covers. The other cat is curled up on my side.
A3. Smash The Strategic Hamlets (5:26)
If you're low on cash, you could also help her by liking the Zeta Facebook page. They are trying to promote their own philanthropy of breast cancer awareness and education. Kevin Bacon is even officiating the Do Good Challenge! As one who teaches English, this was tough to do because the University's project is called the, "Do Good Challenge." Really Terps? You're college kids and should do WELL!
Have a great weekend,
Any Muslim who takes the word of Allah seriously desires to overcome the non-believing West and usher in the divine rule of the worldwide Caliphate. This is what his faith commands, and this is what pious Muslims — both terrorists and those who use other forms of jihad — intend to do.
2. Saute onion, celery, garlic, and broccoli until the onion is clear (broccoli may still be firm).
Ok, enough comparisons to the book (for now, I’ve still got one more big one for later), let’s just talk about the movie on its own for a minute.
I’m not sure which I prefer. A little bit of both would be nice. Ultimately, I hope to work full-time for myself.
Little FuFu and his Mexican Friends
Like in a game, I’ve hit the pause button, but it will be un-hit and re-started shortly. 4-1 in my list will have to wait until this next thing is done.
Corner Puncher - Marvy Uchida
So it goes with the fairy tale. I can only pray that nothing will happen on April 28, or any time in the future, because Malaysians are a peace-loving people. But, if something does happen the way I am reading it, know this is a plot by some masterminds working behind the scene. It has been foretold.
The patch box was part of a girl’s marriage trousseau for a very long time. It was among the jewellery that was distributed at court in certain circumstances. The description of the toiletry set given by Louis XV to the Dauphine in 1680, mentioned three patch boxes in vermilion.
John J. Macreedy: What've you got?
"I don't want to think about it and you can't make me!" Kimber An bounces away on her pogo stick.
Your personal happiness will be a help to others too. Because your confidence and approach to life will be a positive influence on others. You will react to others from a state of happiness and people will enjoy having your company because of your good humor and cheerful heart. Your happiness will be a gift to everyone you encounter in your life. God always out shine the dark, and so you will be the light to those who sit in the dark. Those who walk in Christ you will be a brighter light infused with their light.
Now that we have determined the overall cycle in the history of the planet, we realize that all things must pass. Of course, we’ve known this since 1970 when George Harrison released his song after the Beatles breakup. But now that we’ve humbled ourselves to the notion that even humans must relent their grasp on the rock we call earth, we can move on and assume a few more general outcomes which might befall it.
M.
Contrary to what it says on the cover at top, Hackett actually plays cornet, not trumpet on these sides, although he did switch to trumpet many years later.
or more
So, as you see, we are only “mortal men” for a very short season in presence in this world. Moreover, from the testimony of scripture we are in the world but not of it — and as saints born from Heaven above we are not to think of ourselves as mere mortal men as if we were of this earth.
In terms of aviation, when almost all transport is presently airborne – people, freight, goods and services – it is understandable that Eyjafjallajökull’s blasting through its surface glacier and spewing dust and ash into the airlanes should cause concern. Health and safety have become buzzwords in industry: the natural reaction for air traffic regulators was to close everything down. So soon after Easter, when many were starting to enjoy the prospect of spring following a very hard winter, holiday travel numbers were high and planes fully booked.
and sing without ceasing
Atelier Iris also deserves credit in terms of throwing out alchemy as a new addictive source of obsessive compulsive gameplay and starting and few series that have made it big here in America, such as itself and Ar Tonelico. While I still believe the best of the AI series is the second, the first deserves credit just for these reasons alone.
Both these days are infinitely more enjoyable if you remove all expectations from each day and simply enjoy whatever happens. I would go so far as to say limit your expectations for most of your personal choices for entertainment, vacations, etc. An unmanaged expectation can ruin a trip, and the resulting stress of the letdown can make you miss an even better experience.
Are losing theirs because of immigration,
After he left, I was thinking. I have a list, too. I want the leaky roof fixed. I want the rotting floor fixed. I want the termite situation fixed. I want the dripping bathtub faucet fixed. I want the stinking septic system fixed. I want the well situation fixed. But I guess those things really aren’t important.
Now the Authors Guild has weighed in with concerns similar to the AAR's, particularly about publishers' contractual right to enroll titles in the Library. The AG's full statement, which includes suggestions about what to do if your book is included without your approval, appears below.
Over the past year, Americans’ views of Egypt have deteriorated significantly. A Gallup poll a year ago found favorable ratings had dropped from 58 percent in 2010 to 40 percent a year later, with more Americans having a negative than a positive view of Egypt for the first time since Gallup began polling the issue in 1991.
such glory as yours for such humble estate!’
An annuity is an investment option that offers an insurance component to individual investors. Annuity investments get their name because the investor has the ability to convert their investment into a set of periodic income payments (an annuity) either over the investor’s life or over a set number of years.
Amanda said, "We aren't all reading. Kyle's playing computer."
It was my friend’s birthday yesterday. We had a sleepover (a tradition since high-school), it was loads of fun! No alcohol, no recreational drugs, no boys. Just plain simple G-rated fun! We had a ton of deep fried yumminess and the most amazing chocolate cake in the WORLD. I felt like I’d died and gone to heaven, and come back and died again (I’m sugar intolerant so that is actually very likely). It was called Death by Chocolate, so no wonder. We spent the rest of the night playing truth or dare, and dancing to Chris Brown’s I Can Transform Ya on repeat till 6 am.
Me: "Whatever kid! You can't cook!"
Today’s article is the sixth in a series of articles (1st Steve Jobs, 2nd Michael Dell, 3rd Warren Buffet, 4th Bill Gates, 5th Larry Ellison), analysing current and past leaders to ascertain how Chief Information Officer’s (CIOs) can learn better management by applying the management practices of leadership, practiced by these leaders.
David Camp, chief executive of Stanhope, said: “Just 15 minutes from central London by train, Ruskin Square offers modern workspace and residential accommodation in a new place just 2 minutes from an improved transport hub with competitive property prices and easy access to town centre retail and cultural amenities.”
In March of 2011, she is ten, lucky in the calm regularity of her life, lucky to end each day of school and friends and light and play in her own warm bed, under the cheerful pink and green smiling owl coverlet we chose for her last August, her arm around her stuffed dog; a lamp in the hall glows in steadfast reassurance, keeping the monsters and the darkness away.
Wynkoop Brewing Company Patty's Chile Beer
All they who serve are telling me
between stale coffee and cheap talk
The Daily News goes on to say Hewitt idolized A-Rod as a kid...(you're all so quick on this, there's no point to add)
The others.... I know Marsha Warfield is a funny woman but here she is stuck playing the serious black woman role without much of a chance to shine in a comedic sense. Bil Maher would become best-used as a political commentator and judging from his soft-spoken deliveries here, it was probably for the best. The lines he gives about being a cab driver and Judas picking up the check for The Last Supper are good for a smile, but a Slob Comedy needs constant belly laughs. And Max Gail, looking nothing like "Barney Miller"'s Wojciehowicz, is in the proceedings far too little to make much of an impression other than when he lights up his flamethrower to start up his fireplace. DeWayne Jessie... he was Otis Day in Animal House too, so maybe this was a token gesture thing, since he doesn't really do much else but show up in his Rastafarian dreads, knitted cap, little vest and tie dyes?
If you want any further clarification feel free to contact us
How can children who have been placed at such a disadvantage, grow to enjoy America, as truly a land of equal opportunity?
Martha Henson and Danny Birchall
The Liebster Blog Award promotes blogs with less than 200 followers, as a way to get their names out there. Liebster means, 'beloved or dearest', but it can also mean 'favorite'.
Of course, this building has since been converted to a counseling center and yoga studio. I might have to try a yoga class after all. But with such a gorgeous backdrop, I'm afraid I would make for one distracted student.
Fold the binding at a 45 degree angle and begin sewing on the diagonal fold.
So today and yesterday, I "processed flannel". I think that term sums it up. Favorite pieces that were big enough to make pants with were cut and sewn into newborn Big Butt Baby Pants. Four still need the casings and hems. That's them on the lower right.
I’ve probably said this before, too, but Hubbard is one of the very few musicians of his generation who has actually gotten better with age. He’s now 65 or thereabouts, and I can’t wait to hear what he sounds like when he’s 70. Truthfully, this album, plus A. Enlightenment, Snake Farm (2006), and Growl (2003) make up a body of work that, for my money, is unrivaled by any other singer/songwriter I can think of.
The use of Kegels to improve urinary incontinence in men has not been extensively studied, although many clinicians report improvement. One study found that after the removal of a cancerous prostate, men who performed Kegels twice a day regained bladder control faster than those who did not do the exercises.
#1 Son spent 6 hours in the kitchen
and then i glance across the room at my new closest companion
TheVendy only asked a few selected members on what their opinion is on lowering the voting age to 16. Ruth respectively said that discussion on lowering the voting age should be done away from the heat and the light of the Independence Referendum. She was the only one who said that people who voted in the Scottish elections should be the ones voting in the Independence Referendum; something that went down well with TheVendy’s journalists.
Top: Dorothy Perkins; Skirt: Thakoon Addition; Shoes: Tory Burch; Bag: Chloe; Necklace: House of Harlow; Bracelets: Asos
Life is What You Make It by Ginger Simpson
She wasn't a mum I saw regularly.
Yes. They do deserve it sometimes, but God has something totally different to say about it. He says to love our enemies and pray for those who do us wrong.
Here is what the law should be: If your job is to take a bullet for another man, you have the right to go whoring the night before you might get shot — as long as you get a good night’s sleep and a shower afterward. (After all, we don’t want you all sleepy and sticky when you’re supposed to be protecting The Eagle). I don’t even mind if you use my taxpayer dollars for it. I’d even pay more taxes if it went into a “whores for the troops” fund. If you are in the military or the secret service, and you are not on duty at that moment, what’s the big fucking deal?
conduct and should have reported it to the Corrupt Practices
Mallin, meanwhile, urged the court not to intervene, saying he believes that it lacks jurisdiction to stop Salvant’s order.
The tax collector who GAVE AWAY $1.7 Million of our tax dollars to his friends did not collect $52 million in taxes and is still on our payroll.
Dies: Wplus9 Heart Die, PTI Limitless Layers
Here, as elsewhere in these parts, the road was perfectly alive with pigs of all ages; lying about in every direction, fast asleep.; or grunting along in quest of hidden dainties. I had always a sneaking kindness for these odd animals, and found a constant source of amusement, when all others failed, in watching their proceedings. As we were riding along this morning, I observed a little incident between two youthful pigs, which was so very human as to be inexpressibly comical and grotesque at the time, though I dare say, in telling, it is tame enough.
But then when you look at a metric like the S & P 500 it's at levels not seen since the financial crisis hit.
The typewriter section contains much intriguing information, including the most thorough pictorial guide to typewriter ribbon spools of all shapes and sizes that I have ever seen.
Desensitization surrounding rape and sexual abuse seems to continuously invade our lives – it’s in the TV shows and movies we watch, in the songs we listen to and it’s even woven into every day speech as if it weren’t a horrifying crime that affects millions of women and men in the U.S. alone. While some may think that a rape joke is harmless or a TV show graphically depicting a sexual assault is just interesting television, the prevalence and normalization of sexual violence in our daily lives has very serious consequences. Namely, it furthers the perpetuation of a culture of violence and rape in which the sexual objectification and dominance of women is just the norm.
But anyway, today I'm actually not sharing a St Patrick's Day recipe. Instead, we're going with a Mexican theme. Shane and I are both big fans of Mexican food but I don't know that we've ever had authentic taquitos. When I saw this recipe on Josie's blog a few weeks ago, I bookmarked it immediately and was so excited to finally try it. I roasted a chicken earlier this week and used the leftovers for the filling in the taquitos but I think shredded pork would be equally delicious. I love that this recipe can be made in advance and frozen, and the next time I make the taquitos I'm definitely planning to prep extra and do that. There's no question there will be a next time as Shane and I both loved this recipe. It's flavorful and fun, a definite change of pace for us. Whatever you do, don't skip the salt sprinkled on the taquitos before they're baked. Those bites were the very best!
So the Chinese are dealing out pills that contain baby powder ....... no not Johnson and Johnson baby talc its real chopped up human flesh dried powdered babies.
(spoken language is French with english subtitles available)
Jintan: You’re always trying to care about other people too much!
Card Stock: PTI Kraft, Rustic Cream
She is hotly pursued by a slightly portly man in a tan, different uniform and a nervous-looking woman. They don't seem to be the main officers that the zombies have so far inhabited. Martha peeks out and they start talking to her, trying to lure her out. What convinces her is that the portly man is trying to catch his breath. Martha timidly steps out and we find the woman to be just an average, secondary support level person- like a minor operations lady. The man however is wearing a uniform because he is a local cub-scout leader. Woo Hoo for the 24th century! The Cub Scouts survive. Way to go! Anyways, they thought that Martha was a zombie and they were trying to kill her. Now that we find that all 3 are not zombies you can tell that we've reached a turning point of the movie.
Through the years there's been some lineup changes and label shifts, but Jackyl released an album in 2002 with many tracks co written by Brian Johnson, vocalist for AC/DC. Then last year they released a new studio album which caused another round of controversy but I'll save that one for another time. Currently, Jackyl holds two Guinness world records, one for playing 100 concerts in 50 days and another for performing 21 concerts in a 24-hour period. As I was writing this I was going to post the classic Lumberjack and another song as to avoid controversy. Seems like I have a couple of sensitive readers who agree with censorship. Since I am against censorship I have decided to include the She Loves My .... song, explicit lyrics and all. While decidedly not the most tasteful of tunes it is quite catchy and if Mrs homercat likes it then it can't be that bad. Have a good weekend all
At Optima Health, health coach is their title, but their job descriptions reflect the title, case managers. Both are synonymous. Their role is to help members avoid expensive hospital stays and to help control and/or prevent them from developing diseases such as diabetes, asthma and chronic heart failure.
I love to look back at these pages.
To collect damages the farmers legal team used an obscure attachment to the 14th amendment which most people are not aware of. After the civil war the government allowed citizens to claim a payment on anyone who suffered damages as a result of the Federal Government failing to protect its citizens from harm or damages by a foreign government. President Grant had this attachment sealed from public eyes but somehow, someone the farmer’s legal team got a hold of it.
Well! Today they're giving one lucky reader a year's worth of manicures! That's 52 manicures total. The manicures can be redeemed in NYC, LA, San Francisco or Chicago. Anyone living outside of the four cities will win the cash value ($520).
year 17. friday. 2012.
before the sun and the light and the moon and the stars are darkened and the clouds return after the rain,
1/8 lb. Roasted Barley
This orange one caught my eye. Love it, but didn't love the price ~ $129, seriously!
Little Man’s still watching. Like he’s thinking what to do. He looks real pale in the sunlight.
I'm pretty sure I won the coolest aunt and mom award today because I played Mario Cart with the kids. I whooped hiney at it too! We were literally rolling on the floor laughing and hollering. There were some intense, close races.
FEINGOLD: HOPE CONFLICT AVERTED, BUT UNDERSTAND CONCERNS
Nothing to buy as of yet, just content yourself with listening below
Telling is a form of writing itself...
6 lbs. Amber DME
That highlights a significant difference between what was envisioned back then and the ideas in circulation now. It’s not progress which interests people, it’s money; and one little one-kilometre metallic asteroid contains enough valuable metals (the nickel content especially) to pay for the combined, post-financial-crisis national debts of the EU and the USA.
Saturday was leisurely as well. A little "antique" store and fabric store perusing before we headed to the museum district. After a tour of the museums last year shortly after moving here, I've been holding off on revisiting so as to have a visitor-friendly destination just in case. We only managed to get to the Menil main building and the Cy Twombly annex (I'm not a fan) before rain sent us scurrying. We ate a nice Thai dinner and then returned to my place for whatever we're calling disco naps now. I guess we were all exhausted because the disco naps turned into sleeping all night.
“Repent ye therefore, and be converted. . .And he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you.”
* Wear comfortable shoes incase you have to park in the middle of no where and have to make 8-10 trips to unload and reload (this is where the dolly or cart would be useful)
Full of mystery, suspense, and romance, The Book of Lost Fragrances is sure to leave you longing for that favourite smell of your past, and wonder if you can find the smell to unlock hidden memories.
I'll start with the veggie garden, because right now, I'm waiting for the last of my pepper plants to get bigger, and then I'm DONE planting in it for now.
Owl hits.
For my Dt project this time, I've chosen the adorable image "Out There" for my project.
Please stop over at CEiMB and check the other participants and what they have done.
1. This Year's Model -Elvis Costello
For millionaire Ross Sterling, one of the founders of Humble Oil (now known as Exxon), the move into the Governor’s Mansion was something of a let-down, as he owned a 34-room, 21,000 square foot home in Morgan’s Point, that was at the time of its construction the largest house in Texas. The story goes he wanted his mansion to look like the White House, so he handed his architect, Alfred C. Finn (who later designed the San Jacinto Monument) a $20 bill, flipped it over, and pointing to the picture on the back, said, “Build me that!”
Yogi's First Christmas ... Boomerang ... 8 AM
Here's a map of the local area, with the photo span marked in red.
So what does this OECD survey tell us about the French? That they have a great work-life balance? That insead of scoffing a sandwich at their desk they value the importance of sitting down, making conversation and breaking bread? That they place enormous emphasis on the art of eating, the quality of foodstuffs they ingest and time spent recharging their Gallic batteries? Or does this OECD report simply highglight the fact that the French are a bunch of food-obsessed, narcoleptic work-phobes?
And I've been in my own prison of sorts - paralyzed by dread and anxiety as I awaited the verdict at every convoluted step. I think that the French have a certain affinity towards torture-through-bureaucracy, as if all my waiting and document gathering and xerox copying and line standing and number taking and stamp buying and phone calling (to phones that are never answered) builds character. If that's the case, then I could start a shop and make a fortune selling all my extra character. I might as well sell it, since I've become a twitching, drooling mess and couldn't use all that character if I tried.
The three Brisbane Annies - Chloe Thiel, Anita Munro and Xanthe Dunning. Picture: Liam Kidston Source: The Courier-Mail
Have a lovely day and keep warm, especially my friends up in Scotland, where you have lots of snow and ice!
I really shouldn't have stressed. We already had things boxed up and ready from our last sale. All I did this time was clean out a closet of old shoes, boots and winter clothes. Basically, John loaded the vehicle this morning, I gathered the money for making change and a few copied images of larger furniture we weren't able to bring but hoped to sell, and we headed off for the grand event at quarter to seven this morning. By 12:30 we were done and home with $135 in profits (and a piece of furniture pending for another $15).
Like they say,:When the going gets tough, only the tough can get going.
Shape the meat into a loaf that is about 5 inches wide, and 2 inches thick.
To travel through the countryside
I don’t open up much about my past. I’ve kept that fairly private on ye’ ole’ internets, but to understand why I am a cynic or why I’m such a bad ass, you must understand who I was as an adolescent.
home. Every week to Sunday School, an award. Netball training Wednesday nights
The day after I entered, I received an email confirming that I’m one of the winners of the giveaway. I have to print out the email and show it to SKINFOOD SM Baguio branch. The manager, Sir Angel is so generous, instead of giving me a pair of each, he gave me extras aside from the gift set! ;P Thanks Sir Angel!
Description: Santa is taking the break from his winter wonderful land and soaking up the warm rays at the beach with a little surfing. I do think that Santa is a giving himself away with his holly covered board-shorts and his monogrammed initials on his tank top.
All others are hyperlinked through out
'Blessed be Abram by G-d most High, Creator of the heavens and the earth. And blessed be God Most High, who has delivered your enemies into your hand.'
Facebook is like the telephone. It's great for chatting, but not terribly good for selling.
*Transportation fees may apply (depending on the location of the event)
Regarding the "Top Ten" Rocket Dockets, the breakdown is as follows, along with the median time-to-trial (in years):
This author really did write a book that understood teen perfectly. She wrote a fun book that deals with the fears and insecurities of Christian teen girls. Will that push this book onto my favorite list? Probably not. It did make it onto my keeper list though. It also made me look forward to her next book, Starring Me, with Kara as the main character.
The Saylorsburg property consists of a massive chalet surrounded by numerous out buildings, including recreational centers, dormitories, a helicopter pad, and firing ranges.
She proved to us that even from the smallest of places can come the greatest of strengths.
On the positive side - computer, camera, and dock are all fine and functioning happily together again (software hiccups can be forgiven, I think, as long as they don't happen too often), the little furball is playing merrily in the crate, wrestling with the towel I put down for bedding - she's eaten dry cat food and drunk fresh water and seems no worse for the wear, and good grief, how dang cute can a critter be??
But first, a disclaimer: Correct contact is still a mystical concept that I am beginning to understand, but I may talk out of my arse until I fully do. This means possible incorrect terminology, etc. You've been warned.
Isn't religion - the freedom from and the freedom of - one of the bedrock Five Freedoms? How can we seriously be considering depictions of religious life in fiction as objectionable? Thus, when I ran across a piece decrying The Mysterious Disappearance of Religion in YA Fiction, my ears perked up.
Time of Ja’s Life: Don’t remember. Maybe 7th birthday party
After I told her that her father had been killed, Leah went into a bit of a catatonic state. I knew the feeling, my own father had been murdered, but fortunately she was spared the sight of it unlike myself. We left Freeport and traveled north a ways before turning west towards Lourghn. I made sure our tracks were covered, but if the assassins had magic at their hands they might be able to find us anyways. If they have magic they’d have hunted us down already and you’d be fighting them every night all night. True.
34. Pound Puppies
I am ashamed to say I have not picked up a paint brush in at least 8 months and I have done nothing creative in that same time period except maybe figuring out what to make for dinner!
Goodbye, used nose plugs.
Here is a very yummy delicious Carmel Popcorn recipe for you to make. Put it in a Halloween cellophane bag (we got from the dollar store- 25 in a pack) and dress it up with some cute tulle and this darling printable and you are set for an easy Halloween treat for your friends!
Yea Work! Yea decent Income! Yea back to normal! Nay I don't want to be home alone without him! Nay, I don't want to be here all summer without him! Nay, I don't want to deal with the crisis without him here! Nay, I don't want to do this anymore! Yea, I feel sorry for myself!
One thing our leftist friends never consider is how their desire to pick business winners (as evidenced by the Solyndra debacle in the US) effects the things they profess to care about so much. For example when a socialist government subsidies a Solar power company that is not able to compete with a Natural Gas power company it costs jobs and living standards in the country. How? As the article points out, the more productive company must then divert resources it would use expanding it’s business (a process that always begins with hiring additional staff) defending it’s business against the less able competitor that the market would otherwise have rendered obsolete (which is not to mention that these subsidies are funded through job killing taxes or interest rate rising debt). Less money and jobs in an economy will always harm the poorest citizens in a country disproportionally.
I'm looking forward to seeing my brother and his family and enjoying the history, culture, WINE, espresso, GELATO, and Pasta a'more!
Mbeki, who was the official Southern African Development Community (SADC) mediator in Zimbabwe’s political crisis between 2007 and 2009, never questioned ZEC’s delay in announcing the first round poll results and the subsequent violence that accompanied the run-off. In May 2008, South Africa ganged up with Russia and China to block an American and British-backed proposal to impose sanctions against Zimbabwe over deadly electoral violence.
Which makes me think advertising is an industry where about a hundred deeply uncreative people sit in an airless meeting room insisting that they know what should be in their ad (which after all, they're paying for right?), overwhelm the account handlers with a combination of weight of numbers and sheer obdurate bloody-mindedness so that Jeremy Craigen has to wave through a lame headline ad with a look of mingled regret and resignation that seems to speak volumes about the state of our industry as a whole, but might just as well be his hangover.
Properly fitted and proportioned clothing has a dramatic impact on how you are perceived. Often, the first thing that people will notice is your appearance. People tend to form an initial impression about you rather quickly, in fact within the first 30 seconds or less. It is within this time that a person decides to pursue any type of relationship with you. Studies have shown this first impression matters greatly when you want to build lasting trust. If your first impression starts on the wrong foot, gaining that trust is an uphill battle at best.
How are you affected by holding in your desires?
Not sure which challenges yet, will have to update when I have finished my latest colouring order. Have a great Sunday :-)
May be it is a sign of my underestimating the power of the dark side, but I feel that the big picture is something we have to pay attention to. Quants in Singapore seem to do what they are asked to do. They do it well, but they do it without questioning. We should be more aware of the implications of our work. If we recommend Monte Carlo as the pricing model for a certain option, will the risk oversight manager be in a pickle because his VaR report takes too long to run? If we suggest capping methods to renormalize divergent sensitivities of certain products due to discontinuities in their payoff functions, how will we affect the regulatory capital charges? Will our financial institute stay compliant? Quants may not be expected to know all these interconnected issues. But an awareness of such connections may add value (gasp, another managerial phrase!) to our office in the organization.
"Cold out the day, eh Jim"?
I took the harp home, put it in the living room, and let it glory in its moment in the spotlight. Then I cleaned out my music bag, reorganized my Christmas music and put it all back on the shelf until next year's lights and action.
John:
This was a spontaneous buy. It's witty, it's purple...it's about cats. How could I resist?
I'm only going on what James Watt and the BrewDog spin machine are saying but if it is correct, then it seems a very poor show by Camra.
I have removed all 765 posts and please dont worry that I might infect you---I have disinfected my keyboard and I am wearing rubber gloves to type
General Information:
Four of the soldiers were in "a real bad state" with serious swelling on their faces and hands, police said.
Dylan moved toward her as a diaphanous veil of color enveloped that insinuated through and around her like an ocean current. “Are you okay?”
And old love - Schumann Dresden. Did you know that there are several lines in the Dresden line? The older version does not have the scalloped rim, rather it's straight. And then there is one with a reticulated edge, one with swags and one with wreaths. They all mix well. They all make me smile. Below is a history of the Schumann Porzellan Fabrik, taken from HERE.
When I eventually got the patch looking like a patch of earth and not a wasteland. It was time to get planting. I said earlier that I binned a whole load of strawberry plants that were covering large proportions of the allotment and this might seem wasteful, but I wanted to start with new virus free stock in order to manage our fruit properly. We may as well start as we wish to go on..
I love, love, LOVE this album cover! That is really the main reason I bought this album. I want a cowgirl outfit like the girl on the cover! I'm planning a dude ranch vacation this year and I think an outfit like that would make me very popular - maybe even catch me a rugged cowboy! I didn't really expect much from the album itself - figured it was just one of those low-budget so-so records. But I really enjoyed it and found myself singing along with the songs I knew. Unfortunately, the song I was really looking forward to hearing has some skips ("Pistol Packin' Mama"), but "A Cowboy Has to Sing" and "El Rancho Grande" make up for it. After listening to "A Cowboy Has to Sing", I just want to yodel. (Anyone have some good yodeling records to share?) And since I speak Spanish fluently and know the words to "El Rancho Grande", listening to this version just cracks me up. Oh, I couldn't find a release date on this, but I'm figuring late 1950s or early 1960s. Gosh, I just can't get enough of that cover! It is definitely going up on my wall - LOVE it! So, I hope you get as much enjoyment from this as I did! (BTW, if anyone can give me some recommendations of some good dude ranches, I'd appreciate it!)
35. HP and the Goblet of Fire - Rowling (2000)
Last week I was working on my hexagons and now I am wondering it if it worth it, to make a full sized quilt and if I have enough of the gold to finish it. So, I laid it out, as it is now to show you how it looks as a quilt. I planned on filling in the outer sections with the gold, then going around with the red and greens in a border, than one more border in gold. It just doesn't look right to me, what do you think?
“The Troubles have kept every tie between us and the other families so stretched that many have snapped of their own accord. Why not try a new way? The old way has brought nothing but distrust and destruction.”
Tiana: The most notable character trait for Tiana is her determination. She’s a hard way and doesn’t let anything. Now sometimes this actually becomes her biggest flaw, but in the end she finds balance and with it a happily ever after.
I always try to take the high road, I may not ALWAYS succeed, but the majority of the time I do. People look at me as weak when I take the high road. I've gotten asked "doesn't that piss you off?!" Well of course it does, but going off on someone rarely fixes the problem, usually makes it worse. I'd much rather be patient and allow things to fall into place then get all worked up about it and potentially say or do something stupid.
PS; Hopefully I wasn't too painfully awkward to watch in vlog form. I'd like to do more in the future, but I gotta get over my weird video-phobia! ;) Let me know if you'd like to see any specific videos! (also, I have really bad posture.)
Now it seems like we are coming back around to this at oddsness, but in an entirely new way. I hate the term postfeminist and think it’s used largely to negate the changing reality of feminism, the way we can create and recreate and play with and live this word that is so often divisive and abstract. Postfeminism seems to me to say that feminism is what happened in the (60s/70s/80s), that it’s irrelevant to women’s lives today. But if it’s not, it’s largely used to say that, once again, we used to teach girls they could be President, now we teach them they can be strippers.
And of course, we cannot forget that Mr. Rickman starred in all 8 of the Harry Potter films as Professor Severus Snape. If you haven't yet seen the 8th HP film, then GO WATCH IT RIGHT NOW. Just go to the nearest movie theater and buy yourself a ticket and watch it. Or when it's out of the theaters, then go rent/buy it and watch it. Mr Rickman's role in this film is, in my opinion, the role of his career. It practically sums up every type of role he's ever done, and may I say, it was one of his most brilliant acting jobs ever.
Aki: No. You know mommy.
“The Anabaptists spoke of corporate discipleship, but they emphasized Christ. Christ was the centerpiece. The Anabaptists were loyal only to Christ, and out of that naturally grew corporate discipleship and loyalty to one another. The Anabaptists did not write about loyalty to the church, loyalty to the brotherhood, or loyalty to God-ordained leaders. They did not make two commitments, one to the head and one to the body. Their unconditional commitment to Christ made all other commitments conditional.”*
(eyeshadow) Mix and Match: cheLLe
Different rules and standards cannot be applied to crimes which are particularly horrific or spurred on by particularly evil motive unless statute so provides. Unless there is evidence available which establishes guilt beyond reasonable doubt there can be no conviction (emphasis added, para, 43.45).
as well. Please, could we
Mr Mumbles is scary but not bloody and gory. In the blood and gore stakes, do you think less is more, that suggesting horror can be more frightening than going into intricate detail?
Like the pilgrims, most of us have fought the storms, banished the threats, overcome the fears and made covenants of friendship with God and each other. We are all pilgrims walking an earthly path on the way to a heavenly land where we will be giving thanks for all eternity.
1 cup milk or buttermilk
Okay, so, I was serious when I said I had to take this blog private. I always HATE IT when blogs go private. However, our family is out there, A LOT. Meaning, I am constantly promoting the store, we have news articles, I have facebook friends that are really just more "associates" because of our new business, and so, comes the death of the public blog. :( It is one of the reasons I've been kinda quiet over here. I mean, I put up a blog post, and I have made it so it automatically tweets to my facebook page. Yeah, I don't know how to make it stop. :( But regardless, a quick google search would bring up my friendly little blog, and far too many people have access to our name, and we live in a CRAZY WORLD YA'LL!
Not gonna lie, the effect was pretty cool. Except for the edges. Sweet Jesus, the edges. I'm usually pretty messy with my creamy bases; I don't bother blending them out as I don't get any weird lines between the amped-up powder shadow on the lid and the shadow in my crease. But with the glue-like effect I had going on on the lid that day, you can probably imagine how bad the transition between my lid and crease looked. I couldn't blend it out to save my life, so I just went out like that and was thankful that I was only running a few errands that day. You can see an example of said patchiness + chunkiness in another look above. :(
The water was cold and fast-flowing. It couldn’t have been very clean, but there wasn’t anything floating in it, it smelled ok, and I could see the first three steps quite clearly so I figured it was ok, switched off the torch and went skinny-dipping. I could feel the weariness getting washed away as I just sat there in the dark. Moments from the day flashed past my shut eyes and made me smile. I’d come a long way, I was amongst strangers, far away from anyone or anything I knew, day
30 x 30”
I’d like to think that people have it in them to always be their best…but I know not to be so naïve as to think every corporation will act in a responsible manner. And if you take away the personhood that makes each corporation obliged to follow the law you make every corporation a mafia, a law unto itself who acts under omerta like silence so that no individual within the corporation can be prosecuted. You think a corporation can behave badly now? Wait until you remove their personhood.
As the name implies, French Roast is the rich dark color of morning coffee. Although sunny yellow-green Bright Chartreuse is more reminiscent of spring and summer, it provides the perfect transition to the chill of autumn. The blazing orange of Tangerine Tango and sizzling pink of Pink Flambé bring heat to the palette. Olympian Blue is a bold medium blue that pairs well with the cool gray of Titanium. A mellow, brownish yellow, Honey Gold suggests the soft muted rays of sunlight on a crisp autumn day. Ultramarine Green is a cool deep blue-green ocean hue. The serene muted purple of Rhapsody brings calm to the bold colors of this palette. Pale lilac with soft pink undertones makes Rose Smoke a perfect contrast for Titanium or Rhapsody.
It was such a shock and I am still fighting the fact that I left him there and he died. The vet said that he had an unusually large tonsil and when they lay him on his side he suffocated because the needle made it so he had no control and everything relaxed. I pray that he didn't suffer. I feel so bad still. Now there is just Elvis and Isobell. Elvis watched us bury him but Isobell still wonders where he is.
Despite having bailed on our chosen ingredient, the husband and I are looking forward to seeing what fellow bloggers have done with the vegetable/fruit. If you're looking for some refreshing cocktail ideas to serve at your next summer soiree, please visit The Diva on a Diet at Beach Eats for an upcoming roundup of all entries to this month's Thirsty Thursday Challenge!
I return to the landscape teasing me. I tire not from gazing out. I tire not from the unchanging terrain. In the seeming monotony of the landscape I merely see the beauty of the vastness that time repeats as a function of distance. I could keep looking on for ever, and ever.
Arthur Cradock, a 48-year-old orchard worker from Motueka on South Island, rang police on February 11 to say he was being raped by the slow moving Australian marsupial at his home, The Nelson Mail reported.
I have to believe that Michael's "China mom" loved him... how could you carry a child for 9 months and not love them?
The Guardian Scholars Program provides comprehensive support to foster youth completing a GED, achieving an Associate’s Degree or certificate program, or transferring to a four-year institution. McPartlin says a number of students have already visited his office with concerns about how they will now pay for school.
If the AWL think that the workers are treated badly at the Co-op or John Lewis, and argue,
07 Never Rain 21:10
Of the 223 state employees with criminal records, the majority - 166, or 74 percent - were employed in national departments, while 57 (26 percent) worked for provincial departments.
Thursday, 12:00 noon- 6:00 p.m.
I've also linked this up to the Verve Blog Hop that's going on at the moment. The DSP is all from some the same set that I've had for AGES but am hesitant to use cos it's sooo pretty! I matted each layer onto Crumb Cake cardstock and inked the edges for a distressed look. I added some soft grey satin ribbon and some pearls to finish.
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Secret Sunday was the first project and the links to all the secrets can be found on the sidebar of my blog. The Book Guild is the second project and Chapter 10 starts right now!
Also, nearly finished the quilt top using the Boutique fabric I shared in the last post, I'm hoping it's not to rainy tomorrow so I can take it outside to photograph the progress so far.
The hairy diadems which on you do grow.
1 teaspoon of “what’s that smell in my hair”
Why, “Inner child”? Why should my emotional being not be adult, and be seen to be adult?
I have been through the introductory class of all of my courses now, and one common thread exists: There is some level of disingenuous nanny-ism on the part of my professors towards their students. For the most part, my professors have been extremely specific in their expectations. After all, the syllabus is sort of a "contract" between the student and the professor. "This is what I expect of you, and this is what you should expect of me," is the general message.
Only Brian Lara (400*), Mahela Jayawardene (375), Mark Taylor (334*) and Graham Gooch (333) have scored more runs than Clarke as a captain. Jayawardene and Gooch are the only other two to have done so in a winning team. That adds significant weight to Clarke’s effort.
Waiting uses up such a big chunk of time that if waiting is nothing more than empty space in between doing something meaningful, it uses up way too much of what is, by any measurements of even the most long-lived, a very short life.
Green roofs have many benefits, which are explained in the video by project leaders Loralyn Fabian and Katherine Camp:
And I like Dead. I like it a lot. A lot a lot.
But as Chopra wrote in the foreword: “. . . to limit spirit to inner peace—or even the inner world—was misleading.” Cohen agrees. The big bang set in motion an outer world of choice and relationships and in every moment, every now, we have the power to choose what comes from nothing for the next moment. “. . . when people ask me what the self is, I say that the self is the one who is making the choices,” he writes.
Hairstyling legend Vidal Sassoon, who freed women from (bad hairstyles)..
After eating, waiting until everyone else finished eating, and then helping to clear the table, Rachel returned to her bedroom.
I have NO idea how this will do on the night, Austria have a poor record for qualifying, but this is a bit of a wildcard entry. Juries will probably hate them, but what about the public? I can’t call it.
“I remember each evening when a screenplay was about to play, people from my hometown would crowd in front of the TV set–the only one owned by the town, to get one moment of relief from the heavy daytime labour, or to kill the monotonous unfeeling night. I was determined then to become a TV journalist one day.”
Hopefully your boiling rage at my desertion will subside someday. I would rather enjoy sharing old tales over a mug of ale like we used to. Again, I appreciate the opportunities I have been given here, and wish you much success in the future.
We got Jack
What about you? is this something that might help you grow on your path to Heaven?
maybe 6/7 hours left to go but happy with
Most Americans do not give much thought to Haiti. They may know it is a black, French-speaking country, which shares the Caribbean island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic. From what they see on television they realize it is a poor, violent nation ruled by a succession of dictators, each seemingly worse than the last. They may also associate Haiti with AIDS, crime, drug gangs, boat people and environmental disasters. These are all correct associations but the history of Haiti puts all this in a broader context. It offers one of the most sobering lessons about race in the New World. It is a story that is rarely told, but the grim realities of the aitian revolution and its aftermath are just as worthy of our attention today as they were 200 years ago. None other than Lothrop Stoddard (see AR, Jan. 2000), who wrote his Ph.D. thesis on Haiti and later published it as The French Revolution in San Domingo, called the black uprising “the first shock between the ideals of white supremacy and racial equality.”
Usually we see a lot of the same pups from previous walks we have done. This time we didn't, but we did finally come across another Boston Terrier. Her name was Penny. Just like Swisher's Moms name. She was a nice gal.
While these roommates may be considered the odd couple at Wildlife Safari, caretakers says it's like nothing they've ever seen.
What do we say to those whom are brave?
unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven.
My card is quite the mix up of products, but the star of the show is one of my very favorite House Mouse stamps called "Comin' Down". Whether you stamp this stamp directly to a background, or cut it out for a dimensional effect, it never let's you down.
The apostles performed many miraculous signs and wonders among the people. And all the believers used to meet together in Solomon’s Colonnade. (Acts 5:12)
*A campaign is an interconnected series of D&D adventures, usually involving a group of similar players (and characters) over time.
1. Nick Bucci (HH) 45; 2. Stephen Sterlini (HH) 49; 3. Ben Solnick (HH) 50; 4. Tom Zehner (Bea) 51; 5. Kevin Kiley (HH) 52; 6. Brian Cuzzi (HH) 54; 7. James McQuade (Bea) 56; 8. Chris Sbarra (Bea) 61; 9. Bill Flamboltz (Bea) 66; 10. Darob Sullivan (Bea) 72.
I had much the same problem in Aspen, compounded by trying to keep up with Dana and Bonny, my two fitter sisters-in-law, and the high altitude which made me huff and puff even more than usual.
Check out my list of DIY Links for some more inspiration and help with your DIY needs. Also check out my sidebar, which I need to update, for more inspiration and help.
If we are faithful to ask forgiveness, then He will be faithful to forgive.
5. Harley Quinn - Detective Comics
The borough has been approved for two grants: one for $250,000 for public improvements and one for $50,000 to help implement various revitalization programs.
P.S. PLEASE make sure we have a way to contact you. If your blogger profile doesn't contain your email address, please leave your address in the comment form so we can contact you if you're the winner!
Do you have any ideas for unusual vases for flowers?
The way they feel about you
Wow...we needed to do some shoe shopping with the kids. Everyone had outgrown their shoes or else they'd worn them to the point they looked disgusting.
For both me and my dh, it felt good to be out with friends. We haven't seen many people in the past 14 almost 15 months. It feels like the tide is slowly changing... we're ready to be out more. And perhaps it's a conscious/unconscious way for us to get ready for our next child - we'll certainly want/need the support of friends to help us as new parents to a living child, and help us raise our girl. I am so hopeful that this will be "real" - real in the sense that my baby will make it here alive and remain that way. Weird to write that. How many parents think about their pregnancy/expectant child in such a way? Too many, I know.
Before that, though, we were treated to something a little different and something many (if not most) country pub restaurants would be shocked to find on a menu. Mark had taken eight litres of James Squire Pilsner down to his sorbet/ice cream producer and returned with the most luscious, creamy but sharp pilsner sorbet you could imagine. The sorbet shone well enough as a palate cleanser on its own but then the beer just seemed to appear from nowhere as the sharpness and sweetness began to fade. Just the right level of bitterness then washed over the tongue to cleanse leaving the unmistakable memory of fine malted brew.
And we were there, too. We defy classification.
beneath the wake -
It was painful! Pointless! and down right mean!
Hidden Charms – Link Wray
Do you find non-fiction objectionable? Do you loathe and abhor self-help books? Do you find memoirs so depressing you think you may go out and beat your neighbor to make yourself feel better? Well...that's how I feel. If you feel the same, you've found the right place. In my feature IN WHICH I AM WELL INFORMED I will be reading something of a non-fiction nature and I will tell you what I've learned from said item. No worries, this is going to be fun!
Tomatoes really are the stars of the garden. Both Robin and I felt compelled to write about them. Though we covered the same topic, we both said different things and you might want to read her February post for her take on tomatoes too.
bathed in the scent of the wise,
I prepared 3 different colors of frosting and 4 different kinds of sprinkles. You don’t need much sprinkles and I recommend putting each kind of sprinkles in a bowl with a spoon since otherwise kids would put too much on their cupcakes.
All fun and games until someone loses an eye.
I was never really one to pay much attention to filmmaking and actors, only watching movies casually and not going to theaters much. But that changed. Besides creating the characters, learning about cinema had been a very rewarding consequence of writing APP.
NtH accused me earlier of being unable to follow the puck. Guilty as charged. Honestly, I'm surprised anyone can follow the puck. Compared to the size of the sticks, pads, and people, it's pretty tiny. And if I can't follow who has what where and when, then fuck that shit.
- John Green
And so Linda and I left the hospital with a completely revised schedule of appointments including a plan for three new chemo cycles stretching forward into mid summer.
Four Wheel Drive
The kids made them a lovely home in this tin bucket, where I'm sure they slowly baked to death. This is Brooklyn's pet lizard whom she named "Sally" and she kept Sally in a Pringles container (hopefully Sally got let out before we left!)
Who knows though, maybe we'll get another girl in the house and finally we can outnumber the boys!
…THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS FROM THE NERN GULF CST INTO THE CAROLINAS/SE VA…
Rhonda Sparks, the founder of UV Skinz, lost her husband at the age of 32 to melanoma. Her goal for UV Skinz is to "help families live sun safe, while never forgetting how important it is to LIVE and HAVE FUN outdoors!"
Then it was time to move outside to see what that wascally wabbit had done with our eggs. Isabel was a pro this year. She definitely knows how these things work now. She got on her shoes and off she went in her jammies and shoes to find some eggs.
*doing a silly twirly dance* Someone tagged me. ME. =) --And that someone just happens to be the AWESOME Claire Hennessy. (Thank you Claire. I adore you Claire. I'm sending cheese in mass quantities Claire. Um btw, what's your address?)
Paul tells us in II Cor. 3:18 that we are transformed into His image by beholding and reflecting the glory of the Lord as in a mirror. We do this together with one unveiled face! Notice how this verse begins. “But we all with unveiled face.” It begins plural (we all) but ends singular (face). We all behold Him with one face. When we look into the faces of our brothers and sisters and see the one face of Jesus Christ, then we are transformed into His corporate image.
Not how I want someone to feel towards me.
He named his last boy “Brandon Kent” after cigarette brands.
What a beautiful, wonderful, transporting novel.
BTW, Shrek the Third was hilarious, perhaps even better than the second Shrek. I do love me some Gingy and Puss though...
I wanted to create a randomized pattern with both solid and multicoloured squares so I crocheted 6 teal, 6 white, some with teal centres and black or white borders, some with white centres and black or white borders, and even a few black ones. Finally, I bordered every square in grey, adding an extra row one side in the hopes of making the blanket a bit larger. To bring it all together, I used a slip stitch through one of the top loops of each square then I created a border in half double crochet.
Using a powder brush sweep and circle the bronzer and blusher towards the hairline to get rid of any harsh lines to make it look like a seamless gradient of colour.
All secret societies share certain fundamental themes. Membership is restricted to those who have an abiding interest in the subject. Thus, a spiritual group will attract people seeking more knowledge of a particular teacher or type of practice. The student is aware of the subject matter in advance and will approach the group for further instruction. More rarely, an individual may be “tapped” by the group because of a perceived affinity to its purpose.
Top each cake with a fondant heart cut-out.
The second music video teaser will be unveiled on YouTube on May 2 and the jacket photo revealed on May 4.
Hope this random fact makes your day a little sweeter! See you all tomorrow with my Friday's Fancies!
"We've got a new set of creators coming in with new voices in the DC Universe," DiDio says. "We really want to bring a new energy and excitement to our books."
Roll on Autumn, I'm ready for you!
Arsehole lawyer,
"Don't you wish that you could run like that?" said the big grey rat to the little brown beetle.
Now we can begin. First pick the "cupcake" fabric. For this one I used actual cupcake fabric. I am also doing zebra print ones. I may show those in part 2.
Ok, veering off into a different direction; I had the nicest time on Saturday at Jerry's Artarama Austin. It was SXSW so the crowd in the store to participate in the scratchboard demo was at about 10+, but they were determined and appreciative. A Grandmother brought her 3 Grandbaby girls, 2 sisters and a cousin. The oldest was 6. They had a great time, and I enjoyed working with them. It was cool to see how they took to the process. One of them was hyper-critical of herself and the marks she was making. Grandma helped and I ended up getting a great photo of her with her piece. Finally a smile!
We all head across the street to a hotel, where lunch had been prepared in a large room with about 8 dishes of food prepared in the traditional chinese family style. Big tables with food piled on a lazy Susan, and everyone takes their chopsticks and eats from all the dishes. Not very sanitary but it gets the job done.
"If I was in the audience I would definitely want to take a seed. But for the museum, it is a total work, and taking a seed would affect the work. Institutions have their own policies. But I know I would want to take a seed."Then, there are the health and safety laws which have to be considered. Indeed, within a few days of the exhibition opening, the Turbine Hall was closed, preventing visitors from walking over the sunflower seeds. Eventually, it was admitted that it was feared that the ceramic dust resulting from visitors walking over the sunflower seeds gave rise to certain health and safety concerns. In a statement, the gallery said:
This entry went on for 13 more pages, describing Barbara’s “excellent birthing hips” in great detail. It was really gross and unpleasant for all. The first part of the passage, though, has forever changed the landscape of Pennsylvania history.
Till next week!
Though we often entertain these thoughts, they are completely useless...unless you have a Delorean and a flux capacitor.
This time around (I lost 125lbs in 2001 and now I'm back at my peak weight of 327), it's so different, I'm not some crazy person trying to starve/do anything just to lose weight. I'm doing it the right way...yes, eating less calories with lots of great foods and excerising. See, excercising has always been a snore-fest for me, I'm the let's kick some ass kinda girl where I enjoy Zumba, Kickboxing, Swimming Laps, Volleyball, Basketball, Rockwall and more. I didn't joined my gym not for the machines, but for everything else! Stay tuned on my facebook page for what I'm doing!
I like to be supportive of my kids. I like to encourage them to be creative. I like to teach them to be open-minded.
A woman's right - to speak more than men, and male responsibility - to do more than a woman.
Speaking not with clarity, but with provocation
it seems more real since finding out he's a boy. like there's more to lose.
A508 ASTM Specification for Quenched and Tempered Vacuum-Treated Carbon and Alloy Steel Forgings for Pressure Vessels.
Time of Ja’s life: Kinder to Grade School
I definately think I've got the dressmaking bug again. I even thought I might search about for a mannequin to help me get my sizing right then there might be a few less cock-ups.
Richard Meryon, director of the Garden Tomb, told Travelujah that the Arabic-Hebrew event has become “the most spiritually significant service here — can there be a more important signal to the World than that Palestinian and Israelis believers meet and worship together?”
So I had fruit on my mind when I was surfing around Cargoh and was instantly smitten by the coconut earrings below. They were familiar yet eye-catching and undeniably fun. Sarah of Kawaii culture wanted to create "kawaii"jewelry, i.e. jewelry that is cute or lovable. Each clay piece is crafted to be durable and retain its coloring - so don't worry about cracking those coconuts! Loveable indeed and perfect for spring and summer!
Needless to say though, there will be resistance to the idea. The first and foremost problem is the "not invented here" syndrome. Many people who profess to be interested in change, or actively pursuing it, are actually more concerned with "self" and self aggrandisement. They will not support it because they did not think of it, and it hasn't got their name on it.
Give a good, brand new Constitutionalist a Second and a Tenth with a dash of First and you've got yourself a deal, good buddy: America, rightwing style.
naisargikīyaṁ matir asya rājan
I used bias tape for the boning channels (left loose at the top 1" as per original) and the bottom edge. The top is folded over raw and the lace sewn on top (I did this as the very last step of the whole gown). The bodice is a little long for my short waist, but not too bad.
Now we have a nice, spandy-fresh cart with magnets in their proper places, salem sump tubes that aren't in packaging so old that both it and the tube have become discolored and brittle (holy crap you would not BELIEVE), and the proper number of needles, large and small, and medications, unexpired. It only took me three hours, between answering phones, helping turn patients, resetting monitors, taking delivery of a cartload of supplies, and fixing the computer that decided suddenly to regress to its roots.
And with that, Day 004 was finished.
Q029) Out of 2NE1’s activities, which is the one that left the biggest impression?
Our boot camps were out of this world. I wanted a good butt kicking, and Eva delivered. Naturally, I was nervous. Everyday was a new kind of challenge. I LOVED the surprise element and never knowing what the next exercise was. The day of the 100′s will be burned into my mind forever. I remember when she first said 100 reps, I thought she was kidding so I chuckled. Then when I realized she wasn’t kidding, I was scared but gave it my all. My favourite 100 reps was for the abs. The most challenging was the pushups.
When I was sixteen I met my husband. By eighteen we were married. When we decided to marry right out of high school I had no idea how many questions we would field from friends and family. Everyone wanted to know why. What was the driving force behind our desire to marry so young? People were fascinated and confused.
I'm feeling refreshed in lots of ways.
The award was made on the basis of the gallery's breach of its contract to store the chips securely. It is worth noting that this was an appeal from a lower court ruling which held in favour of the gallery on the basis that it could not see any loss to the artist.
HMP Wormwood Scrubs
As Rich reminded me, who knows how long this will last. It's not very often that we are home together on a weekday and inevitably, at some point in the future, it will change so we need to take advantage of it while we can.
3″ circumstances thirteen.
I found my items, I think. A couple of these were tough. So, I had to really SSSSTTTTRRREEETTTCCCHHHH a bit. Hope that's okay.
Some more Beer Karma. I was sorting out the beer selection for the Beer Dinner at The Courthouse Restaurant featuring Spring Beers and had decided on Jamieson Raspberry Ale for the dessert. It just so happened that I had a couple left in the fridge from my recent visit and I thought to myself, “well, that’s as good an excuse as any to crack one and remember what it tastes like – for research purposes, of course!”
and the paper claimed he committed suicide
Both, growing up in eras of discrimination, fought with their pens for the emancipation of their own people, which they moreover saw as inextricably linked with the emancipation of all people and nations. Both were masters of their respective languages and drew naturally and freely upon the imagery of the Bible that underlay the educated vernacular of the times. Both were controversial in their day, rejected by chauvinists and racists, but eventually lionized by the majority of the population, who perhaps valued their achievement but underestimated their radicalism. (Heine has the unusual distinction of having managed to become an icon for both the nineteenth-century liberal German middle class and Marxist East Germany.) In both cases, attempts to memorialize their careers in the public sphere proved controversial: for Rev. King, making his birthday into a national holiday; for Heine, attempts to name spaces as diverse as the Düsseldorf University and a street in Tel-Aviv in his honor.
These photo-art images above were created from shots I took on one of my walks through the local countryside. Little water-colour patchworks, snipped and smudged and coloured and painted till they formed the images that my memory was keeping..
Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.
so I also purchased a
Chris and I are anti-character (cartoon/TV/corporation variety, that is), but we are inexplicably drawn to Olivia. She would tempt us to throw a birthday party in black, white and red. It would be hard to say no if Amelie begged for a playroom decked out with this charming pig. Olivia is somehow different than the others. We love love love her.
Use the flat base of a drinking glass that has been dipped into sugar to gently flatten each dough ball on the cookie sheets. Don't worry; the sugar WILL stick to the glass after you press your first butter-laden cookie!
my nurse
No, thank you, I'll go to a shop.
Give me palmie for my throat also.
This is not to say this work has been easy. Many of these conversations are painful and difficult. At the second General Assembly (GA), a debate emerged regarding the use of the livestream at the GA. Since the initial planning meeting, Occupy NOLA had been posting photos and videos on Facebook without those in attendance's permission. Myself alongside several others from the anti-racism working group raised the concern that having the entire area videotaped led to the space not being safe or secure for a variety of folks: immigrants, trans folks, queer folks, etc. and offered the proposal that 1/3 of the space not be included in the livestream.
Wisconsin is a state with progressive urban areas and politically diverse rural areas. Progressive Majority's state-based approach to candidate recruitment and development is well-suited to adapting to unique political environments such as this.
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
“In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind.” John 1:4
Among the various alternatives were the following descriptions of an afterlife: (1) A life of peace and tranquility (POSTLF1) and (2) A life like the one here on earth, only better (POSTLF3). There was very little meaningful difference between liberals and conservatives regarding their views on the matter. With respect to the first variable, POSTLF1, eighty-five percent of liberals/extreme liberals thought it somewhat or very likely that an afterlife would be a life of peace and tranquility, while an even greater 95% of conservatives/extreme conservatives held similarly positive views of life after death. Regarding the second variable, POSTLF3, 57% of liberals/extreme liberals thought it somewhat or very likely that an afterlife would be better than life on earth, and 59% of conservatives/extreme conservatives reported it somewhat or very likely that an afterlife would be better than life on earth. Again, all percentages are rounded.
Annabelle has been suffering from a stomach bug today, but she was still so anxious to open the box despite her aching tummy. She didn't want to wait!
Love these! They were so fun and so good! Next time I'll make my icing thicker, though, because it was runny and you couldn't really see my LSU colored sugar!! Here is a pic of the ones I actually did....
Keeping with the Heart-full theme
Final story: We work on the concept of grace a lot. I think that it is huge to grasp the concept so that as her faith develops, she understands what an amazing gift grace is. Yesterday when I did her hair, I put some clips in and she didn't like them. So, I changed them to what she thought that she wanted. I went to dress Keaton and she decided that the ones I put in originally were better. Well, I wasn't playing switch the clips and told her so. Typically at this point, she would throw herself on the ground and start to throw a fit. We've been struggling with this recently. Anyway, I quickly reminded her that consequences are no fun. She gave a disgruntled grunty noise and left the room. I would later discover that she went and put the clips back where they belong. So, I took them into the bathroom to brush teeth and as she is brushing her teeth, I told her that sometimes when you make a good choice, there are GOOD consequences (not always, but sometimes). I switched her hair clips to the one she wanted and she had a huge grin on her face. She said, "Momma? Is that kinda like grace?" My heart leapt for joy.
Ever since that day,
Who do you think he is?
The Top 5 Winners are:
The creator of the Tulip Chair and Table — architect Eero Saarinen -- studied sculpture at Académie de la Grande Chaumière in Paris, prior to emigrating to the U.S. to study architecture. This background provided him with a unique sensitivity to form in his buildings and furniture designs, in which he strove for "consistency and relatedness of all parts." Makes sense that the architect behind the St. Louis Arch and JFK's TWA Terminal was also a sculptor, doesn't it?
Let me explain. Like a kid procrastinating until the very last minute to finish a school project, I frantically searched Pinterest and Google for "easy roman shade tutorials" hoping to find something that didn't require me to go shopping for more materials and wouldn't require hours of labor and understanding hard to follow instructions (I'm not very good at following instructions. Just look back to Day 1 of the challenge, where I started three days before everyone else). Since my window is frosted, privacy is not an issue. I didn't need a functioning shade. All I needed was a "faux roman".
All pro sports organizations are in the “entertainment business.” But they are also a business for profit. The investments have to make “sense” in order to make “dollars!” That’s just a plain fact of life…
What was interesting for us as we wandered around watching the goths and steampunks get asked to pose for photos on every corner, was that for once, we weren't the strangest dressed people there! Although we were actually asked to pose for a photo by one couple who notice us anyway.
Sometimes, you just gotta bake!
I have been so busy this past week with my outdoor project aka garden/back yard that I only found very little time to create and I must say I was also too drained in the evenings to sit down and try to create but I am really happy so far with how much I have gotten done and I thought I would share my success.
They tend to settle into lines if too much is applied. There is also shimmer present in most of the ones I have, but it’s definitely not over-the-top; very day time/work appropriate. The applicator is quite nice, not too big or small and doesn’t deposit too much or too little product.
8. Pour into lined baking dish. Give it a shake to even out the mixture.
My older son has more than enough to do with Robotics Team and new friends made there, Rowing team and the friends made there, and Boy Scouts with his leadership position taking up more time than he had realized it would.
Ohhh Ohh Ohh
Other - Pink Bazzil Basics cardstock and Pearls from stash.
The first book in the series, “May Day” was also recently a free download on Amazon, so I can now back up and see what I missed.
I have heard it from missionaries.
So do you remember when I talked about how Mister Man's teacher didn't do the best job correcting his math homework? I let it go because Mister Man needs to learn that people in authority aren't always right, and really... in the grand scheme of things, it isn't that big a deal. He was fine with it, and I chalked it up to a bad teacher book, though it wasn't the first time it happened.
Hello dear Friday Sketcher participants,
For one year, the soldier wrote
(So I’ve been trying to write this for the last 25 minutes but the dog and child have been rough housing and it’s very distracting like “Godzilla in your living room” distracting. I think it’s good for both of them to play, wear each other out until…until W gets “hurt” and gets as mad as a hornet's nest and chases poor Ruby Tuesday like he’s going to skin her alive but instead gives up and breaks down in tears of frustration and exhaustion. And you know what I do? I yell at both of them because blogging is hard, people! I yell loud enough for folks in Mexico to hear me and I am not proud of myself. I have to go hug both of them now.)
The culmination of everything about this series.
I love him too much not to try to change things...Now where to start??
Oddness, all of this. But I liked it!
Digital Observation
There are so many kids out there that need homes. I have a home and lots of love to give. I really think that I'd make a good mom! If I'm having trouble finding Mr. Right, why do I need to put my dream of being a mom on hold?!
36. —Money . . . in a voice that rustled. —William Gaddis, J R (1975)
What a pain. Government should have such limited power that you can't even slide any of this stuff in. But it does have power. That's what people do. Just look at any condo association if you don't think power feeds on itself and that the average Joe won't let power go to his head. Few can resist abusing even minor power. I, of course, am one of the very few who is not one to abuse power when I have it.
Sunshine makes me happy. Waking up to it instantly promises something of a better day than might be delivered in cloud or rain. I feel that instant familiar urgency of the eternal child that makes you want to pull your clothes on and race out into anywhere that is outside, terrified you will miss one minute of it.
And so for the next few hours, Moon the Mod whippet paced up and down the laminate flooring. He didn't play with his toys and he didn't even eat, there was far too much on his mind. Maybe his master wouldn't know what was going on later, after all, from a human’s point of view it just looked like a load of dogs (wearing clothes!) running around on a beach! But Stella would be there!
I was sitting in bed this morning and had the luxury of a Sunday morning lazy start to the day.
WHY WE DO IT
Remove the cakes from the frying pan and place them on paper towels to drain.
Begin by looking inside, by taking responsibility for yourself, for your own feelings, your own actions.
- R is taking the boy to his first story time at the public library this afternoon (it’s a baby “lapsit” program). I’m bummed that I can’t attend with them, as I’m at work, but I’m so stoked that they’re able to go. My mom used to be the story time lady at my elementary school, so I’m extremely partial to this practice.
A female oyster over the course of her lifetime may produce as many as 100 million young.
"Of course not, sir," Riker grinned slightly, an ineffectual attempt to hide from the astute captain the touch of nervousness that now clouded his brow. Picard had been in a strange, almost mischievous, mood earlier that morning. He had asked Riker to accompany him to the transporter room to meet their guests. "I believe you will know one member of the team," he had said, smiling enigmatically. And that was the only information the captain would provide about Riker's alleged acquaintance.
Due to the bullying I was so paranoid that I would constantly think that she was talking about me or something. The fact she admitted that most people ask her why she hangs out with me didn’t help. Eventually she said, If you don’t believe me than why are we friends. So I stopped being her friend. But after that things with my other peers got better some how. Kids stopped at least letting me hear them talk about me. the kid who sat next to me got nicer after realizing we listen to the same music.
But my boss and co-workers did not.
I carry my list, written in a spiral bound notebook, around with me in my rather large handbag. It's written in my swirly, slightly messy script and I can refer to it whenever I need reminding of what is important to the four people that live in our little house. I realize that I can't completely eliminate the stressors or the "have-tos" of the season, but I can check my list when I'm feeling overwhelmed, harried, or irritated. I can choose to come back to those experiences that remind me of the spirit of Christmas and why I do love it so.
telling me to push again
If he claims to be one of us, he is lying.
Nights are noticeably long - endless dark hours seem darker when your evenings are lit by lamplight. If you wander out in the field after dark, the crisp moon nights are clear and cold and lit just enough to see where to put your feet. The grass is wet and there are sounds of roosting birds rearranging themselves in the hedgerow, a knotted layer of blackness in the black. When the moon is up behind the bare night tree bones all you can see of our house are a few orange lantern spots in the distance.
This is going to sting a little to write. In March, I set a deadline to have a query letter sent out by the end of April. Unfortunately, some unforeseen circumstances have prevented that from happening. The critique I won in the Writer’s Platform Building Campaign allowed me to send my query for an assessment as well. I haven’t received all the feedback yet, so I’m hesitant to do anything until I receive a full critique. Based on what I’ve received so far, I believe it will be incredibly helpful and will give me a much stronger chance of landing an agent.
Good luck Danny, we are very proud of you!
In case you haven't seen this film today, you need to take 10 minutes and watch it. If it doesn't make you happy, you have a stone cold heart.
Value-bashing started in earnest only very recently in Chinese political discourse. Exhibit A was the furious response from party conservatives to a 2007 address by Prime Minister Wen Jiabao (widely regarded as more of a progressive than the rest of the CCP) who stated that “science, democracy, rule of law, freedom and human rights are not unique to capitalism, but are values commonly pursued by mankind over a long period.” While Wen was never targeted personally, progressives within China have been fighting off thinly-veiled attacks in the state media on their apparent support for Western “democracy” ever since. Exhibit B came, ironically enough, as a response to a pro-government piece in Guangdong’s Southern Weekend that praised the party’s actions after the 2008 Sichuan earthquake. The newspaper said the party’s relief efforts had “honoured its commitments to its own people and to the whole world with respect to universal values.” This irked hard-liners, and over the next year the term “universal values” increasingly found itself being thrown around in editorials, op-eds and the infamous netizen message boards by the party’s wumao lackeys as a term associated with a Western plot to undermine the party’s power.
As stories will be from ink marks.
Will – Associate Staff Writer
‘When that lawn mower cuts off your toes, don’t come running to me.’
They sit down in their bullet proof cars, and staggering mansions, while the people who elected them are being slaughtered into limbs and heads on the streets. We have become puns in the hands of these animals masquerading as leaders.
Minister: Right, do that then. Anything else? Could we extend execution to other serious crimes?
Maybe you’ll marry, maybe you won’t. Maybe you’ll have children, maybe you won’t. Maybe you’ll divorce at 40, maybe you’ll dance the ‘funky chicken’ on your 75th wedding anniversary. Whatever you do, don’t congratulate yourself too much, or berate yourself either. Your choices are half chance. So are everybody else’s.
Because people they think must somehow know more than them have elevated it.
The Wilton Chocolate Melter. It is awesome! (No - they aren't paying me - wish they were :)) It melts my chocolate without burning it and it stays warm. Staying warm is a huge plus for me because I am really, really slow and usually my chocolate gets cold. So I enjoyed making these cake balls much more than I thought I would. One of my favorite blogs, Mrs. Fox's Sweets, just made very similar cake balls. Of course hers look fantastic!! You should check out her post. Her cake balls look gorgeous and next time I am going to do better. I think mine were a little lopsided and I love the candy liner idea.
Not to worry though- time heals all wounds. And amazingly enough, I actually ended up signing a contract with HGTV.com earlier this year.
That “next generation”— of which Stockwell is certainly a part— picked up Scruggs’ mantle and carried it forward. Indeed, it was Stockwell who taught Scruggs style banjo to the other half of Hot Mustard’s banjo team, Bill Jubett. That’s why it’s fair to say that, as Stockwell and Jubett lock into that boogie-woogie riff near the end of “Hold Whatcha Got,” we are hearing the literal manifestation of Scruggs’ legacy being preserved and passed on.
The grav-tanks are then waiting for the end of the game, so they can contest objectives, or block off parts of the table with a skimmer wall to protect my jetbikes depending on the mission. Of course while they are getting ready for this run, my jetbikes and vypers must have demeched my opponent.
I hate this store, I hate the fact that they don't check their DVD merchandise, I hate the fact that I don't have a copy of Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World, I hate that I'm sitting here ranting about it right now and I hate the fact, most of all, that I'm going to have to pass by this store on my way to work every day for the rest of my life, wailing and gnashing my teeth because of all this!
Obsessive is a bit of a recurring theme in my life. Beer. Pies. Music. In particular the sort of stuff the NME liked in my formative years. (Meat and potato, that's what the NME recommended. None of that revisionist beef and onion crap.)
I braked like crazy but it wasn't enough cos then there was an almighty bang and the front of my car was crumpled, like it was made of paper. I sat stunned for all of 10 seconds, then asked Derek if he was all right and got out of the car.
From this that He gave them, nothing more than bread and fish, and that He set this equally before all, He taught them moderation, frugality, and that charity by which they should have all things in common. This He also taught them in the place, in making them sit down upon the grass; for He sought not to feed the body only, but to instruct the mind.
Oh my gosh...I'm so sorry.
Of human misery; we
Me: May 8, 2012 3:19 PM – Or what?
4) Wear red lipstick. Ok, I know this sounds silly, but it gets at my desire to become a little bit braver this year. Growing up, lipstick always symbolized glamour and adultness to me, and until now, every time I've put it on I have felt like a little girl playing with her mother's makeup. Now I'm the mother, and have realized that wearing something so bold is much more a matter of attitude than anything objective. I might bust out the cowboy boots, too.
Consider what happens if a marriage dissolves in which labor was divided along traditional lines: The man ventured forth into the world and earned money, and his wife tended to the home and children. There are only two real possibilities on dissolution: The man keeps everything (under the theory that he earned it) and the wife is left destitute, or half of everything he earned is turned over to his wife (under the theory of community property).
There are -- I've read -- approximately 8 billion people on the planet. If that data is correct -- and I got it on the internet, so you know it is -- then, using my mathamaticotious calculations as a proficient songwriter, I see that approximately 7,999,999,300 people still haven't purchased my CD. Now I know -- from my other readings on the internet (and in magazines when I am in the doctor's office and I'm trying to find something to do besides play games on my phone in front of people) -- that at least a billion or two of those people don't have CD players or (I'm not kidding about this) even iPods. So those people have an excuse. Someday, when all is made right with the world, this travesty will be corrected and shoeless children everywhere will have access to Kanye, Ne-Yo, and Taylor Swift. Until then, let's assume that I have maybe 5 billion potential buyers on the planet.
The second substantive question faced by the Board was whether the evidence was sufficient to establish that FERN MICHAELS functions as a mark. There was no doubt that FERN MICHAELS has been used as the author's name for a series of books, and so the question became whether Applicant could meet either the Polar Music or the Scholastic test.
So ... that's where we are with things at the moment. Hopefully I will have some more news to post tomorrow. :0)
“Then they that gladly received his word were baptised; and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.”
For the past few days I had been sinking into the longest and deepest writing slump of my life. At the start of October, I had decided to do NaNo. It would have been my first NaNo and I was tremendously excited. I decided to plan a rough outline of the MG novel I would be re-writing as well as outlining books 2 and 3.
Complicated and complex
This Sale-a-bration set didn't get used anywhere near enough so it's not going to get put too far back yet. I colored it with markers and used my favorite Square Lattice Embossing Folder and a craft frame to emboss a frame around it.
"I'm delighted that I've been rewarded for my efforts by the fans and my fellow professionals."
Apollo and his many steeds
"The only measure by which we will be judged by the people who come after is the health of the land base, because that is what is going to support them. They are not going to give a shit whether or not we were pacifists; they are not going to give a shit if we supported Israel or we didn't support Israel; whether we voted green or democrat or republican or not at all. What they are going to care about is whether they can drink the water, whether they can breathe the air, whether the land can support them. One of the important questions is to ask what does the land need from you." Derrick Jensen
2. Your first kiss: Fairytale or tragedy?
A garage rock band that originated in Warsaw, Poland but now living in London. They've got a lo-fi punk sound that conjures recollections of the Stooges. Damned near the whole cassette is fuzzed out and driven by rhythmically pounding drums; something I'll never tire of. Perhaps one of the most compelling tracks is a cover of "I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend" by the Ramones. It's got some lovely guitar between more excited and frenzies that reminds me of the Velvet Underground. Not to suggest their own songs aren't pretty righteous garage punk, for they're terribly catchy and brief affairs. Some of the tracks are for free, but the EP on a whole is $5 and I hear there's to a cassette release sometime. Additionally there's a couple of really lo-fi tracks for free on the Self-Hating Jew mini EP. And if you're wondering where you might've seen these guys before Comrade Ongakubaka already posted about them.
hello~
Everyone there drank several pints of our cherry-wood smoked wheat
Clarification:
(Art by Antony Micallef)
Think about what happens whenever any of us argue with reality, when we resist what is. We might dwell on how much we hate the fact that the new neighbor has moved in down the street, or that the liberals or the conservatives are in charge of Congress (as the case may be). The problem is that the neighbor has moved down the street, and the liberals or conservatives are in charge, just as William's son has decided not to attend college. In any of these cases, it's eye-opening to ask the question: how is resisting concrete reality going to help? Or put it even more bluntly, is there any chance whatsoever that fighting reality is going to make you feel better? The answer is- and will always be- No.
Zip Fizz
“She doesn’t need encouragement! If you say anything you’ll just embarrass her and make the whole situation worse.”
I want to take this moment to apologize for no post the previous weeks. I enjoy posting my progress and just as much, enjoy reading wonderful comments from everyone who reads!
Beltane, I fell asleep on the couch and first dreamed of him. That first one was very simple, just him on the swing. Every dream since then has added more of the scenery or new characters, and feelings. Lots of feelings. Mostly just happiness, but any of the emotions I feel are amplified somehow.
“Howard?” She shook the pendent as though that would wake him up. “Howard, are you there?”
This episode brings us to the end of the introduction of new characters and the episode finishes on a cliffhanger (kinda).
Now I graduate to an 800-square-foot former art room in a neighborhood school. That's a long way from a desk in a corner.
It should be said that the CBI has adjusted the Rest of World deposit figures for All Irish banks and the following increases to the figures have been identified – January 2012 (+716m), December 2011 (+727m), November 2011 (+701m), October 2011 (+675m), September 2011 (+693m), August 2011 (+576m), July 2011 (+192m). The CBI was asked a month ago about these adjustments but there was no response. Perhaps the next time someone has an opportunity to speak with Governor Honohan, they might ask why his Bank is altering past figures and do they think people won’t notice.
Eventually we started belting out songs from the eighties. Stephanie knew all the words, while I just sang the words I thought I heard, since I have a terrible memory for details like song lyrics.
Honestly, if I were in Mayawati’s shoes (I get reminded of Julian Assange!) , I would have readily seized the immense opportunities – political power – bestowed upon me by my people and I would have ensured that “I did” enough to ensure that I were not required to erect my own statues myself; instead, my people would have happily and respectfully felt the need to remember me – after I was done and gone, of course! – by installing my statues…
Milk was not on the agenda and was sprung on us by a well meaning parent (do-gooder) concerned that those children whose parents receive benefits and therefore get free school milk can only get plain milk not 1 of the 3 flavoured milks that are an option and so are they not then being labelled as 'poor'. The discussion went round and around, maybe we could take it in turns to pay the extra, maybe they should all have plain milk, maybe the milk cartons were too big anyway and they should have smaller cartons...we just sat there mute, rolling our eyes at each other, desperate to leave.
Jon Stewart has been doing this for years. Since the Daily Show came on air in 1999, it has been poking jabs at everyone from Newt Gingrich of 1999, to Newt Gingrich of 2012. Not to mention the three Presidents, several Secretaries of State, and countless others in between.
And now grown rich with plunder’d store,
Today my cousin stopped over on her way through town and although we don't see each other more than a few times a year, I just loved it when she exclaimed "holy cow you guys get really into holidays and parades don't you?" She had seen a few of my photos on Facebook...the ones in which green puked all over my entire family.
3) Considering we are the next generations of coaches, what is some of the advice you would give to interns and those interested in wanting to pursue a career in the field?
Tests- 72, Wickets- 330, Avg- 22.25, 5W- 20, Best- 8/71
So I scrubbed them with TSP, then primed them with Rustoleum Spray Primer (lazy 'eh? lol) THEN I decided to strip and sand the top of ONE of the tables, just to see whether the woodgrain was "pretty enough."
-he loves to be outside and will go over to the glass door and point that he wants out
On Opening Day of this season, the Ravens handed the Steelers one of the only real lopsided losses the Steelers have had in a very, very long time. I considered it a very flukey thing, one that the Steelers would probably not suffer again. And they didn't. In fact, moving forward, the Ravens are the ones that looked suspect, losing games to some really BAD teams while the Steelers looked like the Steelers ALWAYS do.
Hello everyone! I know you have all been waiting for a new mulberry paper pattern. I'm very excited to finally start getting back on track here. We've had so much going on the past few weeks that it's been overwhelming... although the journey has been exciting.
The very nature of surveillance technologies used by national security and law enforcement agencies is privacy intrusive. However, cautionary voices have been raised in an attempt to slow down what is perceived as unrestricted and unnecessary violations of civil liberties and privacy rights in the name of enhanced national security. But how much is too much? Before taking this class on Insecurity and Counter-law, I have never questioned this. This class has really taught me to think outside the box in a way and not to be quite so naive. As citizens we trust and empower the government to make important decisions on our behalf for our welfare. Many people do not consider their rights and other liberties as being infringed when it’s by the government. I used to be one of them and thought that the government has the right over us, to question us, as long as it is for the welfare of the nation. But now that I think more deeply about it on a personal level, they should not have the right to violate my civil liberties without legitimate reasons. Privacy is a fundamental human right and must be protected as such.
For several months now, the message from my soul kept resounding, "Let go." And yet that part of me--the part that has no fear, has not been running the show. And although I was often aware of this peaceful presence inside of me in the background, I let my mind and emotions dictate my actions and responses because they told me that I needed to resist the doubts within and hang on tightly with all my strength to what I am "supposed" to know. I had been taught that this is what faith is. I am now learning by finally heeding to the voice within to "let go", what faith really means.
An area of architectural photography that I fell has yet to be fully explored in the commerical sense is . This lack of exploration I think is due in part to the fact that a detail shot is one out of 12 or so different shots that would be used to document a building it’s design elements and function. By abstracting architecture the function is in part if not fully removed. Additionally I don’t think architects like their buildings to not look like there buildings it no longer becomes about the sturture and the architects vision but about the vison of the photographer and how they experienced the space.
'Which one?'
The best comes last with a visual interpretation of a lecture delivered at Stanford University in Palo Alto California in early 1992, seven months before Cage’s death. It is entitled Overpopulation and Art and is accompanied by music he composed.
FUCK THA HAJIS, FUCK THA HAJIS , FUCK THA HAJIS
Often times you were Little Miss Perfect,
to the real state of affairs: that we live in the bizarre world of
Opera and musicals are contrived forms of music. There's no doubt that there is little less musically organic than an opera or musical about a time period, mainly because (a) the music is almost always written after the time period of the play is over, and thus is constructed retrospection with a good deal of tacky retrojection, and (b) because it is very hard to organically write music when you are trying to follow a story line. The story line is like form in poetry. It can help with delivery and meaning, but there are very few people who naturally write in iambic tetrameter. It is even harder to adapt rock music, which thrives on organic expression, to the opera format, which depends on hyperbole and constant story telling.
He let out an exaggerated sigh. “Lynsey, I don’t have time to get into this with you right now. What do you want me to say in the five minutes I have before I leave for work?”
Key Players: Brian Conklin (13.9 ppg), Kwamain Mitchell (12.1 ppg), Cody Ellis (10.5 ppg), Dwayne Evans (8 ppg, 7.3 rpg)
This card was my first play with some yummy new in-colours - pool party, island indigo, calypso coral & lucky limeade...& I reeeeally like them!
If a credit repair company guarantees a better credit score, run away screaming. Many companies put out marketing materials that make broad claims about what they can do for you. This is not factual because the afflictions of your credit do not necessarily resemble the credit issues of others. The only credit repair agencies that guarantee success are fraudulent ones.
"If I come back in there and my bra is in your mouth, things are going to get ugly."
“Exactly! And they can make all kinds of toast. What else can they make?”
Cheers! ~ Billy, Tony, Pat and Eric
Dissecting one of each sample to check payload, I was a little surprised to find both the Rio shells and the S&B standard buck loads carrying exactly the same number and size of pellets. For some reason I had it wedged into my brain that 'reduced recoil' meant lighter payload. In this, it does not. Both shells have nine OO pellets above the wad, although there is significant difference in the wad structure itself.
It makes me realise the delicious pleasure of the moon
a time to be born and a time to die,
This will be followed by an anniversary function in Cultúrlann Uí Chanáin, Great James’ Street, immediately after the 7.30pm organised by the Starrs family.
The trash that lines the sides of the make-shift roads along with what can only be described as scattered human debris is almost unnoticeable when you’re caught up with the concentrated panning of your vision, left to right and back again. You search desperately for some sort of landmark, sign, or, in a perfect world, a person with a loudspeaker commanding you to enthusiastically “turn here”.
But, in an echo of President Obama’s 2008 election slogan, he promised Labour would deliver “change you can believe in”, by making modest plans and not “grandiose” election pledges which are broken later.
The Sentiment is from Close to My Heart, a RAK from B.....
Many studies have been conducted on the effects of fluoride on the human body and some notable adverse effects have been noted: it changes bone structure and strength, impairs the immune system and it was linked to some cancers. Another alarming consequence of fluoridation is its effects on brain functions:
I’ve been looking forward to doing this post for the last month. I’m excited to see where I stand in the face of my goals. Plus it’s a great reminder of the goals I set out to achieve.
It really was an incredible thing to hoot and holler for all the people finishing the race. The look on these people's faces was pretty cool to see, and with all the cheering I hope some of them felt like superstars. I figure you get back what you give, so if you throw out a little support to the world, it'll come back to you manifold.
I’m an author with two books for adults published so far – Charity’s Child and Low Tide, Lunan Bay.
Oh - and are you ready for my live Leadership coverage? Just two weeks till it starts! Be sure and stay tuned!
assalamualaikum!
Rich people should pay more taxes
Thirdly, watching Casablanca really gave me a sense of how much Harrison Ford’s characters like Han Solo and Indiana Jones really owes to Humphrey Bogart. I am obviously not the only one who thinks so since they cast Harrison Ford to play Bogart’s part in the remake of Sabrina. But there is so much about Casablanca that seems to be echoed in Star Wars and Indiana Jones. And I would like to state for the record that Rick, much like Han, shot first.
The shadow of you,
Me: Have fun in school. (I’m going back to bed).
I am also beginning to accept that Bok Choy is one of those tasteless food items which will take the flavor of whatever you cook with it and the recipe with balsamic vinegar and lemon was quite good. It finally dawned on me that very small changes in the ingredients make a huge difference in flavor and you can still avoid excess salt. With this in mind, it was time for me to revisit the Smoked Turkey and Bok Choy that was just OK.
LIVE MUSIC (details to come)
Thought Leaders include:
Texas HB 1451 Rep. Thompson's Anti-Breeder Bill Filed Today!
Seeing as how I love to talk and interact with people, it doesn’t surprise me that it is sometimes the area that I struggle in the most. As much as I like to talk to people, sometimes people don’t like talking to me which results in a large amount of acquaintances and a low number of friends. “abrasive”, “overwhelming”, “loud”, “annoying” are just a few words that have been used. It doesn’t take most that long to figure that out.
I am pretty sure the recipient will really enjoy receiving this card - she lives in one of the sunny states of the US, so the light feel of this card should fit right in on her windowsill !
Every center of force adopts a perspective toward the entire remainder, i.e., its own particular valuation, mode of action, and mode of resistance. The "apparent world," therefore, is reduced to a specific mode of action on the world, emanating from a center.
“Why not hire a band of hobbits with blow guns to shoot the bandits when you surprise them with all the fake corpses that suddenly spring to life?” asked Lanna. Hermel stared at her, trying to figure out if she was offering a serious suggestion, or making light of his planning skills. He couldn’t decide, so he thought that idea over.
And if we need to construct a concrete bridge, we can always hire a guy.
Justin Torres's tiny novel "We the Animals" - I can't get over it, keep re-reading it. Oh man. A novel in 140 pages, these bombshell tiny chapters. Reading it feels like living a whole life. A life is inside there. It feels like some kind of miracle, what he did.
but remember, tomorrow’s another day
"I won't if no-one else will"
Despite my complaints about the thread size, this really is a fun pattern to work. I think it's very clever how Marilee uses sets of half stitches to move the working thread around the core, thus enabling you to make floating rings on both sides of the chain. This way the line down the middle of the plowshare remains smooth because the core thread is not interrupted by having to make rings with it. Very smart design idea; I'll probably steal it someday!
I was like:
Sometimes the things a person appears to enjoy in life the most are exactly what may be killing them, or may eventually. Lifestyle changes or even therapy may be necessary, but the individual is the only one who can change the behavior.
“The documentary suggests that many children could have been protected from the sexual predator if Cardinal Brady had not been so invested in protecting the church,” One in Four said.
Don’t you wish everybody did?
Life with a three year old can really wear a mama down. Make sure you take time to rejuvinate yourself. If mama is all worn out, she's not going to have the patience or ability to think up ways of gently dealing with her kids. Go for a walk, around the house, if that's all you can muster. Lock yourself in the bathrooom for a few minutes of alone time. It's okay if you need time to be away from your child. This is not a sign of a bad parent, but of one who knows their limits, and is wise enough to get help when they can. Allow dad to parent for an hour or two - grandparents work as well!
The fans prepared this event to say “It has been 100 days, on the 16th since 2PM’s leader Jaebum left. We think it is time that Jaebum comes back and although this is not a formal event it was done out of the free will from fans”.
7. Wear Uniform
He said the investigations by the Royal Commission were necessary to ensure there was no repeat of such incidents and the steps being taken mirrored the Government’s commitment to finding out the cause of death so that Teoh’s family and the public can know what really happened.
I know it is Tuesday. I had a weekend and I worked yesterday. It was game night on top of everything. So I know it was a Monday last night. That means Tuesday is today. Unless someone forgot to tell me the calendar was changed.
Anchor Our Special Ale (California), a spiced winter warmer with a spruce aroma. Pair with cranberry salad.
3-Do not hit the boy after rejecting him and then crying.
I am in Boston this morning - I sent this out last night - but it is for the 12th- - personal matters took me away – Today I was drawn into thoughts about temptations – I think you will like this post called – Avoid The Temptation……
In good news, my friend Mel & my bib numbers are only 50 spots apart, so we are definitely in the same starting chute! Unfortunately Rishel and Kelsey have much larger #s, but we’ll all see eachother at the start either way.
This just in! Kris Aquino, who has visited www.president.gov.ph this morning has barred James Yap from accessing the interactive site of her brother. A defiant Yap is reportedly asking the court to grant him visitation rights.
When I heard that, something in my mind clicked. The ‘Oh My God’ moment became so clear in my mind. I have done everything that I can to make us work. Even on D-Day itself, I had blindly said the F word to my husband, the “I Forgive You” that is. From that moment until now, I have done so much, turned myself inside out especially since our reconciliation. I have cried, I have cared, I have ignored, I have bargained, I have plead, I have yelled (out loud and in my head), I have debated, I have loved as much as one can possibly love, I have forgiven, I have felt sorry for myself, I have feared for the worst. I have even gave birth to our first child. But one important thing that I haven’t done is to Surrender. Not to give up, but Surrender to what Life has planned for me. In my case, Surrender to our future together, any future; either a good one or a not so good one. I fully realized that I need to have complete faith so I can now live my life with confidence and free of fear, that maybe the worst is now over.
A) If the age groups had been 5 year groupings like they usually are, I would have had first place.
Paul Martin writes about the insidious effects of shaming, weaving together his personal story of coming to terms with his sexuality and his professional experience as a psychologist.
Bundle up laptop, phone and wallet, and proceed to ladies room.
Thank you Jesus!
Many multimedia data streams contain both audio and video, and often some metadata that permit synchronization of audio and video. Each of these three streams may be handled by different programs, processes, or hardware; but for the multimedia data streams to be useful in stored or transmitted form, they must be encapsulated together in a container format.
- Create several fundraising opportunities across Australia
Food cravings: I’m back on King Cake. Which could explain the 2 lb. weight gain.
2) If a cop is trying to catch someone, what do they tell them?- Put your hands above your head
Make sure you get the writing bits right. That means spelling, punctuation, grammar, making sure there aren’t any typos. Think of it this way, if it wins it’ll be published. The people who’ll publish it will want to publish something they think represents the best of what they do – and that will not be something that’s got errors in it. Plus, you’re a writer! Getting the writing bits right is your job!
Although there are inevitably some similarities with Horace McCoy’s depression-era classic They Shoot Horses Don’t They?, there is nothing as grimly deterministic in its social commentary here as we follow the shifting fortunes of the contestants. Though there are 16 competitors to begin with, right from the start all eyes are on the rivalry between reigning champion Captain Erskine Chadwick, who from his side bets stands to win a whopping £11,000, and the young pretender Charles Durrell. Their contest takes place in a privileged space on the internal track reserved for gentlemen, while on the outer track run all the others from the lower social classes – the most eccentric of which is the completely inexperienced Francis Mostyn whose motives for participating are a mystery. At the end of each day we are given a summary of everyone’s progress with a table of the miles and laps run. Lovesey spends quite a lot of time setting up the basic situation and all the characters so that sergeant Cribb only makes his appearance a third of the way in when Durrell dies, apparently of tetanus. He is a serious and intelligent man, not much interested in running as a sport and who proves to be a smart judge of character, changing interrogation technique depending on the person in question. Cribb’s deductions are always logical and plausible, though I’m still not entirely convinced about how fairly he solved the case (more about that below)
One of the last adorable Gussie traits to gush about is his very expressive eye brows and ears. Visualize Gromit of Wallace and Gromit. The ears I swear are on ball bearings. They can swivel so quickly and move in such odd positions, it’s uncanine at times. The eye brows can rise and arch so high, the eyes almost look like they have migrated to the top of his head. I liken his eyes to the Puss-in-Boots character in the Shrek movies. You know, when the Puss plays on the awe-what a cute-puddy-tat appeal to get his way. When it’s time for Gus to go to his own bed because it’s night time, he just about breaks my heart. His ears droop practically to his knees (and they are short ears), the brows migrate to the top of his head and the eyes become huge limpid pools of sorrow. He’ll then ooze of the bed with a kathump onto the floor and walk slowly out of our bedroom, glancing a few times at us as he walks out, head hanging resignedly down almost scraping the floor. If my dog could speak human, he’d say, “it’s alright, I don’t mind, I can move, if I have to, I guess.” Who woulda thought, my dog is related to Red Green of the Red Greed Show (eh?)
a home to those she loves.
Accessories: ribbon, rhinestones
"Always so impulsive. That's your downfall." The Baba Yaga tapped her foot. "It's gotten you into a peck of trouble and you've not learned a thing. At the very least, understand I do not need your protection." She smiled ruefully at Sam and Abby. "I'm sorry you had such a poor welcome to my home. From here on out, I hope you will be comfortable." She gestured toward the table. "Sit. Let me fix you a snack."
Though I certainly find them to be most obnoxious when they team up against me. Especially when they do it rather suddenly.
Simonstern didn't like entering the Mournland at all, not even the border. The death of flesh and construct was still thick in the air. However, he still needed to meet his adversary.
WOW I've had SUCH lovely comments from my last post, THANK YOU!! I havent yet replied to all but I will get there. :) It means so much to me to read your beautiful comments and to feel like I'm not the only one who has gone through a rough start as a first-time parent. Thank you so much for sharing your thoughts and your heart-felt words.
For those of you who don't know about this feature, UMT is short for Use My Tangle - a feature wherein i select one of the tangles that YOU created as the challenge for the week. The UMT will happen the first Monday of the month, and if you have a tangle that you'd like to submit to this, you can use the link above, or follow this link here
Oh, I believe in you
As Mother Moon works out her charms
If you are not sure, you can do the water test where you take a bowl of water and dip a fork into the sugar then into the water. If it hardens then it's good. You could also use a candy thermometer and wait until it reaches 300 degrees but I think it's too much to clean up for this recipe.
Standard Price: $2733.95
GOP Chairman Steve Robertson said having Democratic President Barack Obama at the top of the ballot this fall could provide a boost to all GOP candidates in Kentucky in the Nov. 6 general election in a state where Democrats outnumber Republicans 1.6 million to 1.1 million.
K and I try hard to be realistic about Oldest (about each of them) and we think this is a perfect fit for him, but there's a steep learning curve being in a small shop with three other people for long hours every day, six days a week, and he loves it but we know it's hard!
Then, we wait for the biggest hurdle for Cookie and the Husband to clear.
And, perhaps, time will be forever.
ABC News – Yahoo News: Michelle Bachmann has endorsed Mitt Romney with a typical Bachmannism: (Mitt Romney is) “"the last chance we have to keep America from going ... over a cliff." The only woman to run on the GOP ticket, Bachmann left the race in January after the Iowa Caucus – she is noted for her work with the Tea Party from the beginning, and was responsible for rallying Conservatives to an historical win in the 2010 general election.
Roll out dough to 1/4 inch thickness.
I was really pleased with the flavor of this cake, the buttercream is like silk but it absolutely must be at room temp when served. There is a boatload of butter in it (3 sticks!) and if it is even a little cold it hardens up.
After a decade of similar stories, you sort of get used to hearing about soldiers who have died overseas, and this one was no different, but what got to me was when the local news station I was watching ran the story, they put the kid’s picture full size on the screen and I was shocked at how young he looked. He was a soldier, he was a man, he was 23, but he looked like a big 14-year-old kid. I don’t mean that as an insult to him, he just looked so darn young and I was thinking that this guy shouldn’t be dead. He should be thinking about girls, baseball and movies instead of war, guns and death. Hopefully he’s in a better place now.
Valentines Day post-flower shop was a romantic affair. I went to a friend's house for her annual 30 person dinner party and passed out with exhaustion on the sofa a half an hour in. Micha and I went back to my house at midnight where I cleaned up the week's flower squalor and packed up a suitcase straight until 4am when a car arrived to ferry us to the airport. Middle seated and Mexico bound, I was asleep before take-off and ended up face down on the tray table not long after. You guys wore me out, and thank you for that.
There is a reason for all the different sized needles. if you're using a sewing machine, make sure you have the proper needle for your fabric, especially if your fabric is really heavy or light. If you're hand sewing, the needles are different sizes for functionality. If you buy a pack of hand needles, they usually say what the different needles are for on the back of the package.
We are gaining
AYR: Which means that Kuntzman, most likely, wouldn't have to write the Atlantic Yards puff piece. He might not even have to write the (fill-in-the-blank) development puff piece. He might write the funny essay about real estate. But it still won't be a comfortable position.
And I really, REALLY hope the icky feeling I have right now doesn't mean I'm getting it too. :x
I love vintage finds. For me they represent history. Admittedly just a fragment of it and on a day to day level. But I like to muse over a particular item, trying to guess where it was used, when, by whom - and sometimes – for what.
15 Vinyl Williams - Higher Worlds
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
(Release: Spring 2008)
How alone in the space that's still yours!
Mango
Jemima
you, man. It’s like you’re cheapening
i pray a special blessing for you on this bittersweet day.
Some days I can’t get out of my own way.
After mentioning Sarah Palin, “What’s the difference between a hockey mom and a pitbull? A pitbull is delicious … little soy sauce …”
It’s time for another edition of Cocktail Fridays! If you were like me and had a super long week, I’m sure you are all ready for a few cocktails. Courtesy of my last trip to Grand Cayman comes the Cotton-tini, appropriately from Cotton Tree, the Cayman Islands’ first boutique cottage hotel. So, Single Guides, paint the town red tonight!
(2) Everything sticks to buttercream. Once, we were serving buttercream cupcakes and somehow black sweater hair made its way onto the precious vanilla buttercream cupcakes we were serving. That was an interesting lesson in troubleshooting. Thankfully, we had lots of other treats to serve.
This little window on my world has been closed for a while now.. how did I move from "last day of 2011" to halfway through March 2012, without posting anything at all?? It would be difficult to put it all into words, but I've just been trying to plot our progress through the year thus far...
Some Elector Counts
In the City of Sylvia
omnicidal society. Right now, I just don't know what to do...
So I’m 6 for 7 consecutive attempts at Rocky. Not bad, given a “normal” 70% finish rate. So I’m still ahead of the odds. But in my mind, it just makes this year’s Rocky a 40-mile social training run. Last year’s painful debacle was different. Even though it was the most painful 100-miler that I’ve ever experienced (to date), I knew that I wasn’t doing any damage that would’ve kept me from running for very long. That’s why I persevered.
Do you like it when someone makes you feel even worse about your messy moments? How do you feel about the person who punishes you, criticizes you, rubs your face in your mistakes? How differently do you feel about person who shows compassion and understanding? The one who offers assistance and grace? Which kind of person do you want to be for your child?
Analysis: So, my prediction actually sort of doubles as a surprise. DT seems to be the popular choice, but most have Dontari Poe, or Fletcher Cox in the spot. I just happen to prefer Worthy, maybe Carolina will too. Perry is my surprise! Albeit not a stunning one, but the Panthers need pass rush help in a bad way, I think Perry helps them.
We think all the three ladies looked stunning , what about you. Pick a favourite and tell us why you liked her the best.
I made a ham and basted it with a new glaze recipe I found. For the glaze I used brown sugar, real maple syrup and Dijon mustard.
And then Moon looked further down the beach. The Rocker dogs were all assembled and in position....Moon looked over at Black Pudding who held a paw in the air..
He’s fought to make the world secure
(pb; 1961, 1979)
before heading out to dinner
I took it as a sign of bad things to come.
They needed me to have photos made to be included in the press kit they sent out for show publicity. While in Spencer I found a photography studio where I arranged to have my photos done. Donning one of the tuxedos I used for my juggling act, I went for the photo shoot. The color photo used in the header was basically a vanity shot for me to have and to give to my parents. The actual publicity shots intended for reproduction in newspapers and the like had to be in black and white. One of these publicity photos can be seen below.
Check out the Amazon link now:-
I am pleased with how my bike riding is going, my back is hanging in there,loving my new bike to bits. I haven't been doing much other exercise though, a few arm weights at the gym, so really need to start up my walks again-stopped over summer.
Drop rounded tablespoons of batter (I use a small scoop that I have) onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 11-14 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Store in an airtight container for up to 4 days. Makes about 36 cookies (I made 42)
—June 29, 2006
Me: L: Here’s another claim: Santa Claus is imaginary. I am dismissing the claim that Santa exists, because no one has presented any evidence for his existence. In a sense (but still not really), I am making a claim, but my “claim” is accurate as far as our knowledge has progressed, so saying that Santa is imaginary or not real is not making a claim, it is simply a rebuttal to a statement that has no evidence. I don’t need evidence. That which has been presented without evidence can be just as easily dismissed without evidence.
Some of these things, I end up buying; but many others sit in my lust list and are eventually forgotten in the wake of other new and exciting stuff instead. Real life is fickle.
Lets start with 1. Lack of clarity. People spend a lot of time spinning their wheels at work, looking busy, but never accomplishing much. This can happen when you aren’t clear about whats expected of you, what a successful outcome looks like, or how things will be measured along the way (if at all). I once had a job where the owner was very specific in what he wanted – unfortunately the clarity was only in his head. The rest of the staff was confused, saw him constantly changing his mind, contradicting things he previously said, and tremendous mood swings. The staff goal at this organization was to stay of his radar, look busy, and do not make any waves. Not a great way to grow.
By the way, there was a nice park close to this restaurant. Everything was made of woods and lots of kids and parents were playing. We played there also with our son and had a great time. I wish we had something like this close to our place.
I watched Law & Order, the "SUV" edition of NBC's long running multi-generational cop ensemble and they did Williamsburg tonight.
15The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,
A few days before Duncan's obnoxious review, the New York Times published a more thoughtful review of recent genre fiction by Dana Jennings. Jennings correctly identified Geoff Ryman's "Pol Pot's Beautiful Daughter" as one of the most powerful stories of the past decade. "Pol Pot's Beautiful Daughter" is a ghost story by a genre writer, but I would be surprised to learn that Glen Duncan has ever in his career written a passage as beautiful or thought-provoking.
The winner receives one of the latest stamps of the outcoming collection of Magnolia - Summer Memories! I hope that they arrive at the beginning of May, but otherwise the winner receives her stamp when I can buy this of course! I hope you like this prize!
Well, I know I’m not a Christian and I’m beginning to doubt whether I’m a gentleman,’ said Philip.”
You'd think a hair net would be about the least tempestuous thing on the planet.......
Set expectations early
My Medicare will become active again. I'm going to every kind of doctor I can in the next few months. LOL
And the upside is it doesn't take too long to get to the airport to catch a plane and when friends come to visit we get to see them that much sooner as it doesn't take too long for them to get to our place.
They won’t judge and as friend won’t quit.
17. Skullflower: Sorcerer's mix (Portugal the man)
Skip lets his negative feelings bubble to the surface again, telling the others that if he wasn't geographically close, Muffy wouldn't have bothered to invite him on the weekend getaway. Bitter much? Chaz tries to pull the zipper prank on him, but Skip just tells him to "eat it". Then he pulls out a switchblade and challenges Arch to a game of "stretch", whatever that is. Oh, and Chaz gets a chuckle when he turns the camera on Rob, whose fly IS open.
As he rode down to Camelot.
Not a big lunch (because of my public bathroom issues) but just to spend 30 minutes in a public place watching people…A Steak and Shake.
No words ever evoke such memories of childhood for me as do these two words. My parents are both from West Virginia and the same holler. My Dad moved the family out to California before I was born and later the family would relocate in South Carolina and Florida, but the one place where I always felt at home and had an amazing sense of belonging , was in that holler. Every summer we would go back and the country roads would still be there. The grand parents and Aunts and Uncles with the many cousins would all be there, seemingly as if time had stood still in my absence and now the art of real living would begin for me anew after my a long delay.
My father died some years ago and I spread his ashes on the beach he loved to walk.
Revelation 8
So, I am trying to revise my feeding methods now by giving him more liberty to do few things on his own. Yesterday, I let him peel the egg shells and the look on his face after discovering what was inside made me literally smile to ears. He has been helping me with setting the table for quite some time now but helping mom in loading the dishwasher is a recent addition to the "allowed" items, thus, a great motivation to finish the food on the plate without having the parents to struggle over.
He waved me into the room. “Come in.”
unbearable for people of various ethnic groups as a way to deter
Later, when Banderas was reading the “Bear Alert” about a New Hampshire black bear “house thief” as field bear footage ran, prankster producers inserted a censored Trampoline Bear clip into the video. (The bowdlerized footage showed only the Trampoline Bear falling onto the trampoline and bouncing high into the air: the bear’s crashing into the earth was appropriately excised.) When the Trampoline bear clip aired, Banderas exclaimed, “You guys!” as the floor crew erupted in laughter. When Banderas finished her report, she shook her head and remarked, “Hm. Tried to get that one past me. Not my fault!”
The sexual warmth is definitely there—but the rest of it has sharp edges and I’m finding it all unsettling and finding myself wanting to withdraw from it all. I have to admit that I am feeling anger at him for some reason, multi-stranded reasons. His warmth can be deceptive. Tho he speaks sweet words and can be open and trusting, there is also that coolness—and I begin to have an inkling of some things about him that could get to me.
5. Tiniest Weasel (aka Smallest Weasel)
*G-20 SEES ‘HEIGHTENED DOWNSIDE RISKS FROM SOVEREIGN STRESSES’
The “generous hand” is another feature that crops up in Beckett. In First Love the male narrator, having moved in with the prostitute Anna, settles down to a life of being taken care of:
Little Esther's Blues by Esther Phillips with The Johnny Otis Show
...like a tightrope walk between this transcendently beautiful and cerebral thing that gave you all kinds of opportunities to improve yourself — through study and self-­discipline, making your mind stronger like a muscle — and at the same time it was pure self-destruction. There’s no word for that in English, for a thing that does both of those at the same time. But it’s wonderful.
someone has not linked up properly..
There are two reasons for this. Firstly, one of the main aims of the BNP is that of preserve the indigenous culture of our native island, the Fijians are another Island race with a culture worth preserving, and both of which are cultures which, if they were lost, would result in the world being a poorer place.
See you in Austin.
08-Dennis Brown-Concentration
Well, if that's the case, I'm sure there are at least a dozen of those big glowing tree ornaments, or maybe those little fiber optic pseudo-trees or strings of lights wrapped around the door pillars, but that's as far as I'm prepared to go with this numerical succession thing because, at the end of the day, this is the house that haunts me most from all of the photos I've taken.
"Well, we'll have to do something about that!" Penny declares, "It's the fundamental right of all holograms to be individually named. I've campaigned for hologram activism for a long time. For the moment, I'll call you Joe until you decide on your name by yourself."
The cake itself is chocolate with chocolate ganache filling, covered with dark chocolate fondant. All of the angry birds, pigs, slingshot and other props are made from gumpaste and fondant.
The next step in my journey to learn about dirt was at an organic soil prep workshop. One of the first things that the Master Gardener made us understand is that grass is persistent. Unless you completely pull up ALL of the roots, you will not get rid of it and it will grow back. This is why when you compost grass, it should only be grass clippings and not roots: you don't want your compost bin or where you incorporate your compost to start sprouting grass. The areas that are going to be dug up in our yard won't be terribly deep, so we figured that unless we spend A LOT of time sifting that dirt it won't be terribly useful thanks to that persistent grass.
20: 2:05-2:10 – Heartbreak Hill
It's true. I try to avoid them at all costs, but somehow they always sneak into my books. I'm pretty sure it's because my brain knows they need to be there and it constructs a build-up to it while I'm not looking. Then I get to the scene and say, "Aww, man...they have to kiss here, don't they?"
“What do you need her for?”
I talked a lot about my pain in my last post. I must say that in the last couple of years, I don't feel it very often. Most of that is in the past. I endured it and have come out the other side. I've had enough days of being crumpled on the floor of my closet, eneveloped in tears, unable to function to last me a lifetime, and I do believe the worst is over. I deserve for the worst to be over.
Protests have been called for the 28th against an expo being put on by the Defence Industry to pimp their explosives to a series of international partners. Adelaide Indymedia has published this background info for those interested:
Not too long ago, I had the privilege of meeting an 87-year-old lady we'll call "Polly Pilly" at a hospital I work at a few hours a week. I know this name sounds REALLY made up, but, I'm telling you, it is VERY, very close to her real name. Just seeing her name on the medical chart made me want to run in and see what her face looked like. I was tripping over people's rolling IV poles in the hallway trying to get in her room as quickly as possible.
Enabling, in a negative sense, refers to actions which are intended to help a person with dysfunctional behavior, but in fact only serve to perpetuate the problem. For example, one attempts to “help” an alcoholic by buying them liquor, making excuses for them, or helping them hide their addiction.
When will the bowing to ‘Islamic sensitivities’ come to end? When we live in a sharia-based society? When we submit to an Islamic state?
Tradition in our house is that every Sunday we enjoy pasta. I make a fresh pot of red sauce, salad and good hearty bread to dip into salt & peppered olive oil. It is delicious and easy.
Never been more nervous in my life. But my interview only lasted for 30mins… Heheh. A few more rounds to go..
I just love watching Tyler and Angela together. Tyler loves to sit right in front of her and say..."Hey baby sister, Hey!" He likes to hold her hand and kiss her face. If she cries he says, "Mommy she wants you...get her."
Situated on the island of Borneo, 1000km from Malaysia’s capital Kuala Lumpur, Sarawak’s political relationship with central government had been contentious since Malaysia’s formation in 1963. The desire of Sarawak’s nascent political establishment to assert its autonomy was continually trumped by the central government, who wished to maintain tight control over Sarawak’s substantial oil reserves and quell any latent separatism in this, largely non-Muslim region. After seven years of battling, there eventually emerged a new political elite of Muslim natives whom Kuala Lumpur trusted, and to whom it granted a wide degree of latitude. This elite’s domestic power rested on a simple formula: as gate-keeper of Sarawak’s land and another of its natural bounties, tropical timber.
Things start clearing up as we near the ridgeline, and we passed another pair of hikers. The man said, "Ahh! Snow cat! Ha ha!" He sounded French.
Me-ow!
Oh and in other notes, check out my latest vid of my baby koi. Very proud of them….
You can double check the angle with a protractor if you are uncertain...
The chaffinch of the day is a chaffinch and from a time before the sun came out and the light got better.
- Theme: Cloud (It may not the main theme, but indicate dear cloud in it)
And its not you...its me.
I have featured her before as a mystery lady, and I thought that she actually deserves a mention again, specially as she qualifies as a girl with exceptionally well shaped legs. I think she can be mentioned in the same breath as Ciara, well shaped calves, and loooong legs.
but change is still CHANGE.
As a YA author, I've found the lack of diversity in publishing profoundly sad. I've been particularly disturbed by what I find in the YA sections. Bookshelves filled with cover after cover of pretty white girls.
Jacqueline's mommy. :-)
So, here's the single of another tot-friendly track, "Turtle Crazy", which is not a cover tune but an original about Olga's brother's obsession with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles which ably demonstrates The Toy Dolls' appeal to, as they themselves put it, "Babies and grand-dads and great-babies and great grand-dads!"
My intention was to present in book form the spirit of Nonduality.com. Hence there is a variety of writings from different traditions and fields of endeavor. It’s a good introduction to nondual writings and perspectives.
The strange thing is for someone so physically active I don't want to learn to dance Flamenco myself.
and love
~So you work in a job that communicates directly with the general public, and with people experiencing unique situations that are almost always highly stressful, and you're surprised by the results? Here's a hint: we are not always brainaics when we are freaked out over something. It sounds like you are not cut out for this.
- Writer's Beware (a manifestation of the misplaced aspostrophe disease which seems to afflict so many people. Think about it. Which writer does Beware belong to?)
The concept of meditation, it its original context, is a long way from self help movements and the new age philosophies. Nor is it as simple as the term, self awareness, as the Catholic Church would say ‘quid putas eius’, its not what you think.
In the email to PM Lee, Mr De Costa also expressed his disappointment at the lack of proper ‘contingency plans’ to handle such emergencies.
I haven’t posted a video or anything since a while too, but I have to say that this blog doesn’t pay my bills yet, so you guys have to understand.
Who has $ 8,000.00 dollars for a microphone? I have decided to add a Tube Mic to keep my lonley Sennheiser 416 company, a brand new Apex 460 ($ 249.00 Retail) into something that “Pimped Out” gets rave reviews all over the internet. Dozens of professional Microphone Modders/Builders use several different versions of the Apex 460, and change out the parts (additional $ 200.00 – 600.00 Retail) to more resemble the classic C12. Keep in mind that this is a TUBE Microphone, and the power supply voltages can KILL you if you do not know what you are doing when making internal changes to the power supply in addition to the Microphone.
As a result, members of the gang were allowed to continue their abuse.
Not that I am a saint or anything even close (although I’m sure Danny emphatically, lovingly, and in true preservation of self, disagrees with that!). I’m not trying to make myself sound like I am. In fact, I have a lot I could be doing better as far as Mass goes. Ever since I gave Genevieve the Bible for her baptism day, I’ve been trying to read it with her a little bit before Mass, but as far as my own personal preparation… I’m not going to lie, I get lazy. And then there’s daily Mass, a habit that I have fallen out of in the past few years. I used to go a lot when I worked at the elementary school, because the church was right next door. That was almost 4 years ago though. Through much personal laziness and also a bit of irritation at the ever-changing Mass schedules due to re-forming the parishes in Nanticoke, I haven’t been to daily Mass very frequently. I wish that St. Mary’s here in WB had a morning Mass, but their daily Mass is at 12:10. They probably made it that time so working people like me could just walk over and attend Mass on their lunch break, unfortunately I haven’t been lucky enough in my last two jobs in WB to go to lunch at that time. St. Nick’s is right down the road, but their daily Mass is 6:30… even that half-hour difference between 6:30 and 7 is incredibly disheartening to a 24 year old who just wants to SLEEP as much as possible and wouldn’t crack an eyelid until noon if she could.
So here's the fun yada yada-
Sometimes. Short stories are a great diversion while waiting at a doctor's office or other place where I know I can't finish a full length book, yet prefer to read something other than magazines.
“The very minute, Katarina. We need this.” “I know. She’s going to love them.”
So, my conclusion is something like this: Rousseau is not writing for liberal or emancipatory purposes, but for essentially authoritarian and conservative purposes – to hold together (class) society in spite of diverse and conflicting individual interests (and in spite of the contradictions, between democratic carrots and authoritarian sticks, that this involves). He is also not writing for an actively or enthusiastically capitalist sort of conservatism (one might suspect that this role belongs more to figures like Locke or Hobbes, but don’t quote me on that).
I loved looking at our shadows fall before us when Maki and I walked in the sun. I was over six feet tall and she barely reached five, and we looked like a parent and child. Years later it occurred to me that she had relied upon me to teach her English, the odd customs of the Santa Cruz hippie lifestyle, and even how to drive the VW. And once the parent/student relationship had outgrown its utility, what would come to take its place?
"There is no such thing as a bad student, only bad teacher"-Keisuke Miyagi
man ever spoke like this man.” (John 7:46)
At the same time that I am graduating, Tanya is also completing her doula training. Now perhaps you are asking, “What is a doula?” Well think of a woman in labor and think of a midwife. The midwife delivers the baby. The doula is the other person in the room providing continual labor support for the birthing mother and her partner. In the process of Tanya learning about this, I’ve gotten to learn a ton about pregnancy and childbirth. I’ve also been delighted to watch my wife grow as a person. She is more excited now than I’ve seen her in a while and I’m excited about where her journey may take her.
A concentration of authentic mom & pop restaurants serving sushi, teriyaki, ramen, udon etc. for an affordable price, next to gift & clothing shops. There's also a Pinkberry up there, I believe, for dessert!
I listen and hope
ribbon from my local store
I got my stuff out of the car and started back. When I looked up there was an old guy standing there staring at me. It kinda creeped me out and as soon a I made eye contact he started talking.
Season with pepper and garlic salt.
(9-26-10) Nothing screams Illuminati Bankster like the Federal Reserve. Controlled by the Rothschilds, and the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank is "The Crown's" way of plundering these United States for the purpose of establishing a One-World, Satanic Psychopathic, government.
I got the honor of being with Ali the first time that she had ever seen snow. We went shopping and spent too much money. We ate high calorie food and blamed it on Ali’s need to gain weight. We toured the University of Notre Dame. We spent hours on the phone and still found things to write to each other about.
But how is it that children, who detested school, who watched that clock ticking away the minutes and hours of their lives, who prayed for the weekend to come so they could get out of school...just HOW do they become adults who believe it is the best option for their own children? How is it that a person leaves school and takes years to recover, to find their own passions again, to learn the things that are actually useful for their lives, look back and see school as a crucial part of that journey? I don't believe it IS for most people.
There is statutory provision and guidance in existence for local authorities to take into account in exercising their powers in relation to allocation. Under Part VII of the Housing Act 1996, as amended by the Homelessness Act 2002, local authorities may have a duty to accommodate victims of domestic or other violence, who are eligible for assistance, because the violence they have suffered or are suffering makes it unreasonable for them to continue to occupy their current accommodation.
I’ve been thinking about eating organic a lot lately. Is it worth the price? Hubby and I do all we can to keep our budget under control. I am the main source of our income and come August, will be the only source of income. Is it worth the extra money for us to buy organic? I know that it is the best thing and I know that eating organic is the healthiest, but I also know that consuming regular produce and getting the nutrients outweighs the ingestion of pesticides. So what do we do? Especially now that I have Little Man’s health to worry about along with my own. Doesn’t he deserve to eat organic? Maybe the answer is to start by buying the dirty dozen and seeing what it does to our budget? Dirty Dozen Foods with High Pesticide Residue – Best Organic Foods to Eat – The Daily Green.
but I wasn’t surprised
We must remember that God made the earth and all that is in it. In Genesis 1:16, “God made two lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.” So we see the moon as the cause of tides on the sea. In verse 14, “let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years”
2) Network toolkit Lite - Network Toolkit LITE is a collection of tools for any network administrator. It provides the basic tools needed in a daily job: PING, TRACEROUTE, WHOIS and SUBNET CALCULATOR
And hitting hurts me, just like it would you.
That sweetness, raised to intensely rich heights from a sumptuous malt base of wonderfully aggressive potency, would surely become overwhelming to the palate if taken in too enthusiastically, and too often.
a boy just like you or me -- only he could do magic! I've never seen
Three years ago, when I met with Senator Barack Obama in his Chicago office and we contemplated his possible run for the presidency, I was enthusiastic.
Pakiam pointed out his fear that “the decision not to prosecute appears to legitimise the actions of the Al-Islam journalists”. He added he believed that the Catholic community will be “satisfied” if the journalists and publisher apologise.
where the potter sits
My mother took the phone into the other room as I cleaned my plate. It was only 10am and we weren’t scheduled to be at the diamond for another couple hours. I was always so anxious on game day. I would pace the hallway and toss the ball into my glove and imagine throwing a runner out from center field or hitting a ball to the gap for a double. Time would just crawl by it seemed.
I was kind of out of the blogging realm last week since most of my days were spent in my pajamas, caring for a sick little bug. We watched her favorite shows, cuddled, slept (she took two naps each day, yay for me!), and not a lot more than that. In fact, I don't think I left the house once between Tuesday and Friday afternoon.
-I like this name more than my hubby, but it's growing on him
Speaking through its lawyers, Werksmans Attorneys, Pamodzi said there was nothing wrong with the funding transaction.
I am really hard on myself. And that's okay.
II. The Blessing of Fame
In response to the comment from the above author on their experience with Raider:
After 1 day in full sun (9am to 6pm) the Freeloader Classic hub will be pretty much fully charged. When connected to your device it will deliver power for 30minutes to 2hours depending on the device.
What is it with me and random new fabulous friends?
Lately I haven't found clothes in stores that appealing (I know weird being in Tokyo and all..) - there was NO way I could wait until March, plus I've been stuck in a wardrobe rut recently.. or the lack of - I should say so I decided to venture once again with online shopping. Last year I didn't have too much luck with online shops - mostly shoes and bags lol - so i've decided to avoid shopping for them and focus on CLOTHES!!!
But Bill has a disability of his own: He’s a vampire with a bad reputation. He hangs with a seriously creepy crowd, all suspected of – big surprise – murder. And when one of Sookie’s coworkers is killed, she fears she’s next…
12. Call fire department to retrieve the damn cat from across the road. Apologize to neighbor who crashed into fence while swerving to avoid cat. Take last pill from foil wrap.
Peachy Keen Stamps- Cuddly Faces, Princess Faces
Happiest Moment:
Strengthening my resolve, and hardening my heart a little bit more…I reminded myself that this was just two friends…having dinner. Nothing more. Nothing less. Just…dinner.
But the undisputed fact is, under Thaksin, the gap between the rich and poor Thais, which had steadily rose over decades as a result of the Washington Consensus style of economic development, narrowed for the first time in Thailand’s history, mainly because of the Thaksin’s populous policies.
If you saw some art, and you had no knowledge of the creator, and you thought it was a work of genius... and then you found out the artist had murdered somebody then committed suicide ten years ago... would you think less of the artwork?
Tante Lucie and Ome Jan have a really nice house with a magnificent art collection. They collect primarily modern Dutch artists and Alex and I spent lots of time looking at all their pieces and deciding which were our favourites.
Earl Gray - Nursing injured starlings and badgers, "If You Look Good You Feel Good" - the history of British tailoring, Why a brand of tea was named after me.
Brewed: 03-18-2009
Huh. Imagine that! Isn’t Romney practicing his First Amendment right by tithing to his church? I mean, it’s his money and all, he should be able to spend it where he wishes right? Who is Bill Maher to judge anyone on anything really? Ironic that a man who gave $1 million dollars to a Super PAC instead of directly to the Obama campaign should criticize Mitt Romney for tithing to his church instead of donating to a variety of non-Mormon church related charities.
Don't let them decide for you. Be unafraid, be willing to challenge yourself. Be John Galt.
“We didn’t chase him off, Mr. Sanders, honestly. He got mad about something we were discussing and just got up and left.”
In the end experiment try different focal lengths, window sizes, reflector positions or no reflector at all. Try different poses, shoot head and shoulders and 3/4 or full length poses. Look at the different room in your home and see how the light falls in that room.
Now (small print) this EXCLUDES kits by Lake View Primitives. It is also
"I'll be strong, I'll try to carry on. . . so don't you worry 'bout me."
There literally a million ways to be humbled in our daily lives and the majority of which are right there waiting for you. Let’s focus on the strength, workout aspect for a moment. This is just but one example:
The Husband often talks about how the kids have inherited both the very best of us and the very worst of us. Obviously the worst being mainly from him, but I like to play along by suggesting that The Tweenager gets his stubbornness from me and, erm, perhaps The Toddler's self-centredness might be a teenie bit me too.
Ever louder come the calls to ban those who do not think in the permitted way, they cannot join the police, they should not teach, they may not worship in our churches, and, as we have seen, those who fail to recite the mantra will lose their jobs. How does this differ from what went on behind the iron curtain, or what goes on now in the darkest and dirtiest dictatorships of the third world?
This general feeling can apply to anyone but it especially seems to present itself to mothers at home and homeschool moms and moms with kids with various learning problems or disabilities or challenges. Perhaps the common denominator there is the "always on duty" and higher then typical amount of parental responsibility that comes with the aforementioned situations.
I had mentioned on my last post I was taking some time off to look for my next signpost to guide me to get to where I need to be, since then I have found many, and many have helped, and I thank you all. When all seems lost and nothing seems right it's good to know that Christ our Savior is always there to get us through, 1Peter 5:7-11, some verses I found when I really needed them most.
Do you have something you've been wanting to do and just haven't found or made the time? What is it? Maybe we can encourage and remind one another to take time for something we enjoy doing!
That’s when I would get sent to my room. I cry foul, though. I thought that was a very good question. Okay. Say a little shepherd boy is sitting against a tree, watching sheep. Up creeps a wolf. Shouldn’t the wolf attack the kid first? And this was my reasoning. Sheep have a lot of fur and if the wolf would try to eat it, there would be a lot of fur in its mouth. But, eating a boy would be easy. No fur, just right to the body. I knew that when I was young. But, then again, maybe wolves don’t think humans are tasty. I really didn’t know. Or care. I was just pulling an April Fool’s joke, dammit.
A few nights ago I dreamt of enormous boas. Several meters long and bigger than my waist. We were in a tangle and I was absolutely helpless. I was being taken by the serpents. The next day we are offered a place in an ayahuasca ceremony in a village just over the mountain. One has to go around the mountain to get to it. Very different from here, much greener, much softer.
First we have Indian Pipes, Monotropa uniflora. You can see why they get the name. Each stem looks like a little pipe. These are very common in temperate areas. They used to have their own Family, but they've now been placed in the heath family, due to genetic testing. Each stalk has one flower.
I can't say this will always be the case, but here's what I've found so far: my relationship with my "muse", that creature/spirit/part of my brain that brings me songs and melody and great performances, is the most satisfying relationship in my life. Creating art is a beautiful, magical, endlessly-gratifying experience.
Rappin' Black in A White World
*Family devotion at supper at least 3-4 nights a week. We were doing really well with this but have fallen by the wayside.
made of three large holes in the ground surrounded by
Seven Are the Horns of Satan by The Happy Kids
In a large bowl, take 1 tbsp of warm water ( luke warm ) add yeast and a tsp of sugar, leave it for sometime in a warm place, you will notice the yeast bubbling up, this way we will be sure that the yeast is still active.
During a long battle with depression, or a recurring battle, you ask yourself, ‘Why am I still going through this?”, or “Why am I going through this again?” What is it about depression that is so hard to shake? Have you ever given any thought as to whether the loneliness of depression could be related to the soul’s cry for more of God?
The sun smacks of cave-dwelling
The way to find cheap bridesmaid dresses is to shop around. There are many different wedding related websites and resources online that help brides and their maids find the perfect dress for the occasion. In fact, many of these resources offer discount codes, special offers, and tips on finding affordable bridal fashions. Also, many bridal salons will offer a discount when buying several dresses at a time, perfect for cheaper bridesmaid dresses.
Kettle hops: Warrior, Centennial, Chinook
may a flock of colours,
Then last night she tried my dessert and there was (unknown to me) egg white in it and she was ill. argh!
One of the wonderful things that Roger & I were able to learn about in our recent trip to the Turks & Caicos was about the Conch Farm in Provo.
Now’s concert crunch time. This year I’ve been remarkably calm. Perhaps the big, creative push of the fall and winter producing my video and my new recording have upped my adrenaline to a nice cruising altitude. Maybe it’s experience — having done this so many years in a row, I have things down to a science. I like to think we’ve settled into a Band nicely, and now music can just continue to flow.
Last night was the First State meeting. Shelley and I had such a good day together and we totally forgot about it. Well, until 10 pm that is. Oh well, we'll have to make the next one.
As for that McCollumm guy with the earrings and tattoos, well, that boy has smoked way too much crack, or is getting a thril on pulling everyone’s leg. But who knows, he probably has a book or film script all about it.
Sausage and Bean Dip
Julie: Penguin
And -- since Mr TR is back to work today after a stint working from home -- I have my office to myself again! I must admit, it's much better for concentrational (not a word! I know!) purposes.
I thought the head bow was a little small. I don't know how big the original is but I always though that it looks so amazing. When I received this tiny, slightly crushed bow I was kind of sad, because I had such big expectations. It looks good though, in general.
Soon followed an "unbasting" session (is that a word ?) and now it's all quilted and soft and gorgeous.
I was feeling proud of myself for having semi-green grass and having just pruned some bushes.
If I don’t face you directly There is meaning in the ways We heal each other everyday Beacon
Until the next time,take care everyone.
My family has been terrific. But they are kind of tired of waiting on me! They're kids after all!
She is like her mother in that most of her actions toward others are motivated by her own losses and gains, but she has her father’s mildness. She reminds me of Isabella in many ways.
I thought I was thine.
How can so many girls and women love books from a huge variety of genres where the main character floats along on the tide, rather than rowing her own boat? (I've "picked on" Bella Swan because she's the most recognisable, but there are so many.)
Jimmy is way too old to be afraid of the dark, at least according to his older sister. In fact, he seems to be afraid of everything, probably because he's constantly harassed and mistreated by those around him. But when his wish for a protector comes true, he gets more than he bargained for.
And wash away
Here is where I want to be honest: in the past, I thought racism was simply not a thing. That is wasn’t around anymore. That we had solved the problem many years ago. Now, the light is slowly dawning that things are not right. In fact, something is horribly wrong.
When it was cut.
Mohd Yacoob said he was unhappy with the alleged demolition of his workshop, Mega Xtreme Motor, claiming that he had a licence to operate the facility located on his own land. “The demolition should not have taken place, and prior notice should have been given,” he told reporters.
These periods of waiting, anticipation, impatience are crowded with events. Storm clouds gathering or a garden bursting into bloom, so many milestones arrive all at once, piling one on top of the next, leaving us out of breath, standing in some wild, desolate landscape of contemplation. And I stroll through the market with cooking and baking on my mind and see another wilderness, that midseason void of tightly shut stalls and barren spaces during this long, long month or so of school vacation and string of holiday weekends. And the midseason gulf in between as the produce of autumn and winter shifts to spring.
- Tony Matthews, Shadows Dancing: Japanese Espionage Against the West, 1939-1945 (NY: St. Martin’s Press, 1993), 28.
--for the olive green colour: olive green, 5767-T, 617-T
7. Minha
Never mix the lye and water in the same area where my dogs or cats (or kids, of course) are. I always mix my lye and water in the basement and wait until the fumes have completely dissipated before I bring it upstairs to use in the kitchen. It is also a good idea to keep your pets gated out of the area in which you are going to work, just in case there's a spill.
I pay post what each participant ended up with this weekend or on Monday, but what I have available for sale and trade will go on Blowout and/or eBay again, and I'll make sure everyone gets a crack at something they want.
Girl points out the lamb hearts to dad, who is as curious as girl and encourages her to buy a couple.
Infected animals experience a runny nose, gastrointestinal and respiratory symptoms, dehydration through vomitting and diarrhea and may also develop encephalitis or pneumonia as the disease lowers their immune system’s resistance to secondary infectious diseases.
Freedom of Expression
I guess thats all I can share... Will try to exert more creative juices by this weekend. In fact I have another 3 LOs in progress...well it was last year's untouched LO so I decided to finish it. MUST! hehehe
Rita Blau, 52, New York, N.Y.
Maybe If I try harder,
I did break the box on my webcam but I'm having problems finding it on my laptop so I'll just show you some highlights.
Chapman S, Freeman B. The cancer emperor’s new clothes: Australia’s historic legislation for plain tobacco packaging. BMJ 2010;340:c2436
The real story of this painting, according to Jody, is that "the guy" lives in that red house. The female figure is a dragon (the Satanic wings do indeed look dragon-like) and "the guy" is going back into his house to get away from the dragon. The thing around the guy's head (the halo) is a "weird hat." I think this is either a testament to Jody's interpretive skills, the artist's ability, or both, in that Jody was able to come so close to the painting's "meaning" without the benefit of any of the back story. Jody also described the setting (dessert) as "ancient," which he later explained means "beautiful."
In England, my appreciation for the sun is a world away from my sunny expectations when living in California. Hence, if it’s sunny in England, I go outside and enjoy it. Today was a beautiful day, so I grabbed my camera and went into my back yard/garden to see if I could find anything interesting to take photos of. I believe I did.
They have a formidable pack in the likes of Cian Healy, Richardt Strauss and Mike Ross, while their lineout options include captain Leo Cullen and World Cup winner Brad Thorn.
I bought this bike for only 5 guineas 12s 6d !
The stamps are all from the new Stacey Yacula Sweetest Day collection from Purple Onion Designs. I went with a wood-sy theme for my card and used some garden twine, a wood button and papers from My Mind's Eye.
Deliveries of the new Drop Kick beer will begin the week after the 4th of July. Shipments will be made all over town as well as to Wichita, Topeka, Lawrence, Sedalia, Warrensburg, Nebraska, Minnesota and Wisconsin.
It was a snowy and blustery night, but it was warm and cozy inside the library. There was hot cider, there were cookies to decorate, there were snowflake balloons on sticks that doubled as weapons for a crowd of little boys who had eaten too many of those cookies.
Do not be fooled, fellow chicken keepers, winter will soon be upon us.
Okie dokie, Robie was a character that had to grow on me. At first she seemed so frivolous and shallow that I thought I would dislike her, but after the plane went down and she began having to fight for her life, she changed. She grew up a whole lot during the course of the novel. In the end, she may have seemed weak to some, but you could pretty much assume that's because she was delirious. She went days without food and water. She was in the sun for hours on end. She had to witness some pretty terrible things. She was pretty much off her gourd by that time, you know? I have to say, I think she did damn well for a 15-year-old girl. I liked her a lot.
The report illustrates the relative competitive strengths and weaknesses of leading global clothing, footwear, accessories and luxury goods retailers, both compared with one another, as well as with the average performance of retailers in the channel around the world.
Would you capture it
My current obsession is my collection of personal journal/sketchbooks which I always alter...along with visual art, I love the written word - the books are 5"x8" so they travel with me whenever I go, I even broke down and purchased a purse which will accommodate the size in order to carry one with me at all times to pass the time waiting anywhere so that waiting is no longer a chore but rather a pleasure.
in a moment of weakness, i gave into my natural inclination towards cast-on-initis and started a coral and cream triangle loop (because there isn’t enough coral in my life already, i guess?):
Coffee (no sugar, the bars had enough!)
P.S. Kamree's polkadot pony party planning post will be coming soon and, of course, she is begging for live entertainment! Are pony rides legal in residential neighborhoods?! Where did that child come from, anyway?! She certainly keeps us on our toes!
Murders
I have never forgotten that moment, because it was like I had found my home at last—California.
My soul prepared in the mountains absorbs your immortal strong
had to say on this.
Fort Sanders, Laramie, a few nearby ranches. How warm and welcoming a house light looks to a lonely night-rding man! Someday with luck he would walk into such a house, strike a match, lift the chimney and touch the flame to the wick of his own lamp, sit down in his own house. He would smell the fire smells, te warm cooking smells, and he would stretch his legs under his table with a faint sigh. He would rest then…he would dream, and he would rise from time to time to add a log or to stir the coals in his own fire.
Obviously to do this, you need double the amount of nappies used in a single day (one set being used; one set being washed/dried). Initially this could be expensive to purchase that many cloth nappies, but over the course of a nappy-wearing child, (about 3 yrs?) you will save approximately $2000 compared to using disposables!! That in itself is enough incentive for me to use the cloth system. And of course, my baby will have the lovely soft feeling of bamboo on his bottom :-D
later, they primarily used acoustic instruments and placed
boy meets girl. girl is on a quest to destroy the man who destroyed her family. boy and girl go on quest. bad things happen. ROCK FALLS EVERYONE DIES.
The man was interviewed and stated that it was a "little humiliating" but he was gonna do whatever it took. Why should he be humiliated? Here is the picture of a person who really wants to work and is taking the responsibility and initiative to to get a job.
the tender flesh
I am now participating in a partnership with The Oregonian, something they call the Oregonian News Network, there is a logo and link up on the top right of the page (got some problems with black text on a black background but hopefully I can get that corrected soon). This arrangement is, in economics terms, one of complements: the relationship is mutually beneficial in that it, it is hoped, will bring more readers to both sites.
After reading this post from Donna Maria's Indie Business Blog, I felt inspired to write my own list of personal core values. Identifying your deepest values can give you a "life-direction compass"and help you determine if you're on the right path or way off. If you're spending time and energy on activities that are not in alignment with your list of core values, you'll end up feeling burned out, resentful and exhausted.
If anyone is out there, I would love to hear what your top 10 movies are in your Netflix queue. A lot of people do this with music on their blogs, and I find it a great way to discover new and exciting songs, so I'm trying it with movies.
Hi Cynthia:
Mouleff is accused of raising cash for the purposes of terrorism and charged with conspiring with others to defraud banks of large sums of money.
Ephesians chapter four is a collection of basic instructions for living a transformed life. Verse 24 speaks about ‘lying’. Let’s look at some important points we can apply to our personal journey in recovery.
I love these but think she would yank the little hat off in no time. But a whole family dressed like fruits is appealing. Ahhh this is just making me more and more indecisive as I go along...
Hold fast
The type of house I'm most attracted to personally, is a smaller home. Who doesn't love a charming little cottage? Or a studio apartment in New York City? Our house right now is only about 1200 square feet.
With News Wire Services
I really liked the way the wagon wheel looked leaning against the fence so I took that half and did this
When you have leftovers, figure out what you're going to do with them. This is key to a good relationship with your CSA box. Whether you intend on compost, preserving or chook food; you really need to figure out what to do with what you don't eat or you're going to disappoint yourself with your waste (which will gradually wane as you become familiar with CSA eating).
When you feel like you are in overdrive,
I loved Zander and Grover. By far the best supporting cast and comedic relief I’ve seen in awhile! They are geeks, outcasts, and scholarship kids at this exclusive school. They’re pretty much nobodies, too. And they are made of awesome.
Buying choice: book reviews, recommendations, or browse?
There is a lot of academic theory that explain how people interpret visual communication and is still growing today. Visual culture regards images as culturally specific and therefore understanding of semiotics is equally localised.
Be warned and be ready for your worst nightmare.
In the coming few hours POD, Self-Publishing & Independent Publishing will reach an historic and humble milestone - 100,000 unique visitors to the website. In reality, there has been many more visitors through the doors over the past three and a bit years, but I only began traffic analysis on the site in early 2008, so best to stick with the measurable figures. Back in the early months of the site, I really only ever intended this online adventure to record my own research, opinion and experience of writing and publishing. Little did I know what lay ahead.
07. Limehouse Blues (P. Braham-D. Furber) 2:41
Poor Beale and poor Buss.
Romans 8:24-25 (NLT)
Elliott turned away from her and walked out of the room. Kate bit her lip and then shook her head from the inside. His presence hung on in the air of the room afterwards, shadowing her thoughts. How was he able to pull the air from her chest just by looking at her?
Dr. Yijun Zhou, Jiangsu Academy of Agricultural Sciences, China
And one last thing about college process, visiting campuses is very important.
It seems like the whole CJ system is an administrative blip..
Last week I wrote two short stories, one about a nervous man with hands like birds. The other about a phone call where a man discloses his dark secret. They are both kind of sad. I'm writing another which is kind of about me, but a me that doesn't exist. It's one of those 'what if' stories. So, the emotional and physical geography is mine, but the incidents in the story never actually happened (but might have done), so what if it had gone the other way?
Thank you all for another wonderful session! It has been such a pleasure working with you all!
Elysian Brewing Company Night Owl Pumpkin Ale
An increasingly disheartened Carla tries to report Timmy's peeping and Fletch's groping to Sheriff Cates (Bill McLaughlin), but that goes nowhere fast, as he basically tells her that "boys will be boys" and that she should start thinking about closing her drapes at night. Meanwhile, over at Ray's bar, the gang can be seen commiserating over the fact that they all failed to make any romantic headway with Carla, even though she's, as one of them puts it, a "closet nympho."
Louvin Brothers - When I Stop Dreaming: Best Of - 1995
"Hey mom!" Hana said as she was getting ready to head off to school this morning. "I had the weirdest dream last night."
And why name it Zoft? There are lots of better names ... Double D Mint, Juicier Fruit, Bazooka Janes, Boobalicious. And of course if they ever produce a male version, they can call it diclets.
We usually prefer to go somewhere in between knee-length and capris.
Everyone's talking about Karen's forthcoming role playing Jean Shrimpton in a dramatisation of her affair with photographer David Bailey - We'll Take Manhattan airs this month on BBC4.
5 please
The lodge is classic rustic. The benches are the kind we all had to make in shop class in junior high. There's no fireplace but attached to a wall is a truly ancient pair of skiis. (Think 1x4s with leather straps.) And this lodge smells like homemade soup. Plus the cinnamon buns here? Whoa.
Incidentally, I think the Bill merits further debate in Committee, but I don't think at this stage the case is made out to legislating for a ban on cycling without protective headgear!
We mean it when we say we'll bust you out, Mickey, I swear we do,
Scrape it out into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Dust the top with some of the remaining cornstarch mixture. Cover the pan and allow the marshmallows to set for approximately 6 hours. To cut, slip an offset spatula between the marshmallow and the sides of the pan. Invert the slab onto a cutting board dusted with the cornstarch mixture. Using a lightly oiled knife, cut the marshmallows into 1 1/2 inch squares. Dust the cut edges with the cornstarch mixture and store in an airtight container or bag for up to 5 days.
down in the bathtub,
Collapse of the stout party, as they used to say. But do not weep on my behalf: the point I want to address is not the one entitled 'Managing Expectations', but 'Managing Growing Old'.
Since we were now in April and therefore open enrollment for the husband's policy, and since his GP and specialist co-pays are half mine on BCBS, and since he seems to have excellent Rx co-pays, I figured, "Hey, why not enroll as a spouse? We'll finally be on the same insurance. How easy." I even remembered to double check with the agent that the plan did, in fact, provide maternity benefits.
In the back of each of the World Book Night books, carefully selected by Don Paterson, is a Shakespeare sonnet.A Tale of Two Cities contains Sonnet 34 – a very fitting one, considering the dismal weather today (which perhaps was partly what helped me feel like Father Christmas – not only is it cold, but my raincoat is bright red).
Psychology
When I read Dubliners. I suppose I was about 19. While I’d been writing bad poems, the odd juvenile short story, and the like; it had never really occurred to me before then as an actual possibility. But, the language of that book, coupled with my enormous naiveté, made me believe it was something I could do.
Lesson 2: Trust your gut feel.
Still, it is a great game and it has dealt with some of the unfair spells from heroes 3, like town portal, dimension door and implosion. They are still there but they no longer guarantee victory as soon as you have got them. The wizard heroes are still the best though but there are a few armies that can get by with out a wizard- like Sylvan, the elven city, because they have their druids… Okay so magic still rules but that is okay really, because you play this game for the beauty of the animations. After all it is a very well done update to heroes 3.
Milestone DATE WHEEL.
Most of us tend to live in one room most of the time but, unless we go into every room every day,
I was delighted to hear that the prostitute who siphoned Hugh’s manly fluids has thrived and prospered. Stella Marie Thompson (alias Miss Divine Brown) made a small fortune from the media interest in her escapade, allowing her to move into a four-bedroom house and put her daughters through private school.
Des Moines Iowa
Which do you prefer sweet or salty? Or both at the same time? Almost always, I prefer salty. Especially cheese. With crackers. And salty fish. And nuts. This is my downfall when it comes to keeping my weight under control!!
I didn’t stop there. I went on and said, “The eagle has landed.” But no, all my clients–and readers–would be so disappointed with that. Because that’s so cliche. So I left everyone with a final thought. I said The tiger has roared. And in that simple phrase–all encrypted because I couldn’t see it–I thought about how brilliant I am because, don’t you get it??? Tigers don’t roar!!! Lions do.
The colour yellow has a lot of significance. It is the colour of royalty and is symbolic of the Bersih struggle, but yellow also signifies cowardice.
Hilda the One-Eyed Hen is one tough old bird. Last summer she was the only survivor after an attack by a predator. Her eye and a portion of her head was so swollen I didn’t think she’d make it, but she did! The swelling went down, but she lost vision in her eye as a result of the incident. I figured she wouldn’t last long, as a one-eyed chicken can’t see 50% of what might be coming for her. (Which unfortunately is why she seems to be preferred by the roosters.) But she made it through the cold winter, only to face death again.
In preparation for starting transition in a week and a half, we were given a document with an overview of what lies ahead. From the handout:
That guild, however, is not solving the problems for many people. Keeva says:
Paul Dancik
Not even a big one, but a medium sized, sassy red Fila backpack.
Since then I’ve taken numerous cemetery tours. Some of the best: in New Orleans, the tour of St. Louis Cemetery Number 1, where voodoo queen Marie Laveau’s tomb is located, and the tour of Lafayette Cemetery Number 1, across the street from Commander’s Palace, where you can see the real tomb that figures largely in Anne Rice’s fictional Mayfair Witches series. During the Lafayette Cemetery tour, I also got to witness an authentic New Orleans jazz funeral, which defies description and is something everyone should see at least once. Then there was the tour in Charleston, SC, which I took with several friends. One stop was at my favorite Charleston church, known as the Circular Church. While the guide was speaking, we heard some strange noises, and suddenly a couple of my friends shrieked that they had just seen a shadow darting across the graveyard and disappearing. The guide was intrigued, as the apparition of a lady in red has been seen in that same area, but of course I didn’t see a thing.
My people are tired, cranky, demoralized. We won't accomplish anything. Their people are eager and passionate. They are ready to tackle the system and really change things in this country. Who knows what they'll accomplish in those first two crucial years? Right. Exactly. Now go change your shorts and tell your friends to vote for me this fall.
Good morning! I combined some challenges to make my card for today; the starting point was the SCS sketch challenge.... You could either make a pocket or the lower portion could open; I opted to go for the pocket, so my fold is on the bottom. The bottom of the insert is left blank so you can write your message.
Ra Ra Riot - Oh, La
Anywho, throughout all this loveliness, we’ve been making at stab at snapping the sky in all its glory. Maybe these pictures will do the Great Cambodian Sunset even a shred justice…
Let’s apply it to another business:
Then we found out it was Mike, Bungholio and Nancyboy from previous versions of the instance group. He was going for humor, so the laugh worked, though in hindsight he said that he really should have added a “Z” to the end of his name.
Having studied Medieval history, I am of course inclined to find coins of the Middle Ages. My scope is not limited to historical artifacts, though. Ancient, Medieval, Modern, whatever it may be, I would very much like to see, hold, and inspect the elements and designs of any coin. Coins provide an insight into the perceptions and lives of those who use them. The designs, the mottos, the materials, all are indicators of the civilization to which they belong. Being able to look at such items, to study them, or just to enjoy the aesthetics of them, is a pleasure.
...btw. my flight is booked and I volunteered to hold my Refilsaum and Klosterstich (hands on) class - hopefully I will see some of you at Ffair Rhaglen (August / Insulae Draconis) and I think I will make at least one Guild banner for Rhaglen :)
*What could I have done differently?
Unfortunately their great tank was placed in such way that it was the most difficult one to photograph of them all.
I filled out an audition sheet. Sat by my friend. My stomach continued to churn - and then a girl sat by me, who I'd had Brain and Behavior with last semester. She also looked nervous. I asked her if she'd done this before. Nope. So we decided to do a monologue together - in a desperate effort to ease our nerves.
Twenty years ago or so, I was given a copy of the FASA strategy game Succession Wars. It’s basically Axis & Allies, but in the Battletech universe and with a less confusing ruleset. I think. I don’t know for sure because I have never gotten anybody to play it with me. This is not the only game I own that is in this category. I can lump in the FASA games Centurion, Leviathan, and Aerotech. I own a copy of Junta I’ve played twice and a copy of Diplomacy I’ve never actually used (the only games of Diplomacy I play occur via e-mail or online). That list isn’t even counting the RPGs I’ve bought but never actually run (including ones I wrote myself), the multiplayer video games I’ve never actually played with another human being.
If I had to choose I would prefer coffee. I'm really coffee addicted! (*__*) Can't live without it!
Avoid foods that will bring bad luck, such as chickens. Poultry scratches backwards which will cause one to dwell on the past or regret. Fowl, like good luck, could also fly away. Be careful of shrimp and lobster on this day as they too move backwards leading to setbacks.
Blazing Saddles (1974). Bart (Cleavon Little) to the KKK while pretending to have been captured: “Hey, where the white women at?”
How often have we woken up one Friday, one perfectly normal Friday (or any other day), only to have everything go a direction we never anticipated? Mentality like this is what makes it hard for some people to get out of bed in the morning, but I dare you to take it as a challenge. In order to crash – you have to be moving.
perfectly ripe tomatoes - I used 4 large tomatoes
And the knock of sailing boats on the net webbed wall
Illustrator: David A Johnson
Hi everyone! I have missed blogging over the last couple weeks. I have had a lot of personal things to deal with and just haven't been able to craft or blog. I will be back commenting on blogs soon (I miss all of your creations)! Below is a fun spooky card I made for this week's The Digi Bistro This to That Tuesday Challenge. The challenge is to use a tag on your card/project.
10nos Peppercorns
That's right-- according to its own guidelines, the Pedophile's Guide to Love and Pleasure should be removed immediately. Instead, it's currently the 65th best-selling Kindle title. Way to go, Amazon.
Therefore if one dislikes something, one will turn to their social group via social media and air his/her grievances in hopes that at least one other person feels the same way. Once a group has gathered to support a particular grievance, the “complaining” will continue because it is a method of feeling accepted for the person who started the whole thing in the first place.
I noticed . . .
Curt
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
I love you guys very much for supporting and establishing a rapport with my throughput this journey. It’s time to move on. To what? I don’t know, but it was fun while it lasted.
Not content with having employed a JCB to dig itself a big hole about alleged insider trading in the senior ranks, Tesco was on course for the centre of the Earth last night as it defended the COO’s hurried share sale, saying he ‘needed to raise cash for family expenditure’. I have it on very good authority that when Ronnie Biggs took part in the Great Train Robbery of 1963, he too faced the wrath of some pretty ruthless gambling club owners. I don’t, however, remember his Brief at the subsequent trial asking this to be considered in mitigation of him having bashed the train-driver’s head in.
This is changing. Ska recently began canning Mexican Logger, its summer seasonal, and distributing it widely. No longer will the lager be our little secret.
Last weekend, Mr. H+F gave me the best birthday surprise - he booked me a whole day at my favorite spa. Aaaaah, relaxation! Facial, massage, the works!
I was listening to my ipod on shuffle, the Elvis track Burning Love came on. If you're not familiar with it, at the end of the song there is a section that goes, 'hunk a hunk of burning love'. My head was singing 'hunk a chunk of burning love', which made me think of chocolate, which lead me onto Rocky Road...et voila, this weeks recipe! In honour of it's inspiration I have named it,
I came across this article while browsing through one of my favorite toddler activity sites, http://www.clever-toddler-activities.com/, and I just had to share it! In all my research (and believe me…I’m an information junkie!), I had never heard of “EFT” (Emotional Freedom Technique) before. I’m not sure I’m a true believer yet, but if this super-simple ritual actually helps even a little bit, it could have amazing implications for the emotional health and stability of your entire family! I, for one, am eager to read more on this subject…..anything that helps de-escalate temper tantrums, and brings a few moments of zen into our house, has my seal of approval!
Taken: 03/02/2011
The shrill demented choirs of wailing shells;
For all 7 weeks, we are committing to eating only 7 types of food: fruits, vegetables, chicken, cheese, whole grain bread, yogurt/butter and eggs. This means I (Caleb) will be giving up coffee (gasp) but I refuse to let go of butter – Julia Childs would be proud.
A splash of chili oil
Paris: If you mean am I going to become a wallflower ... Hell no!
The artificial sweetener acesulfame potassium (Acesulfame-K) has been linked to kidney problems, and sucralose—best known as Splenda—has been found to wreak havoc with the healthful bacteria in your gut… All in all, I believe ALL artificial sweeteners are bad news for your health.
Using a potato masher, mash the potatoes until they begin to break down, about 30 seconds. Add the butter and mash vigorously to melt. Add the milk and mash again until the mixture is smooth and silky. If the mixture is too chunky for your liking add a couple more tablespoons of milk.
Got them done yesterday for the first time in my life~
Here are a few things that I learned last night-
9/14: Boston, MA @ Paradise Rock Club *
On a more fundamental level, Leftist hostility to neo-liberalism revolves around the fact that governments and their instrumentalities are far and away the most effective means of obtaining and exercising power over large numbers of people. They exist for that purpose. So Leftists -- with their yearning for power and the ego-boost it provides -- will always advocate anything that promises to extend State power -- in the hope that they can influence or participate in the exercise of it. Communist governments, of course, represent an extreme in the exercise of State power and, for this reason, some US "liberals" were once wont to speak indulgently of Communists as being simply "liberals in a hurry". So Leftists are perfectly accurate in seeing neo-liberals -- with their advocacy of reduced and limited State power -- as their deadly and hated enemies.
Betty Haynes (played by Rosemary Clooney) stayed home.
No matter how stealthy I am, Rosie sees the motion of my hand slipping into the treat bag, and she abandons the sock before I can say "Drop it!" She hears the crinkle of the plastic bag and is at my side, sitting nicely, long before I can say, "Come here!"
Now, I decided this week that I want to go back to school. I got my AA back in 2003, then transferred to a four-year college, did a couple G.E. classes and then dropped out – due to an unplanned pregnancy and postpartum depression from giving my son away for adoption. I was grieving and unable to focus on my classes. But when I’m not going through a crisis, I’m a straight A student. So I know I have what it takes to get my BA.
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
In the early years of Islam, after the Hijrah to Medina,there were 3 major wars that were waged against the Muslims by the people of Mecca i.e the battles of Badr (624 AD), Uhud (625 AD), and Khandaq (627 AD).
1968-69
For sometime I have the feeling that Microsoft is shooting itself in its own foot.
Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.
It’s not surprising if some lines feel culturally unacceptable now in a book that was first published in 1938, but it seems a real shame someone didn’t edit them out, because the substance of what the author has to say is timeless, thoughtful and inspiring.
Max has a new word. It's "OW" and he has learned ever so quickly that upon uttering that simple syllable everything not only stops, but everyone surrounding him rushes to his aide smothering him with assurances and snuggles. Just as soon as he learned this lesson, he learned to abuse it.
Then she hears a sound. Talk, actually. A whole discussion. In a language she doesn't understand.
A beer factory was operating, however, and the visitor pronounced the Taedong River beer, a local brand, “very drinkable.”
I was the one who booked the wedding venue, and I had to do it without my daughter even seeing it in photos…I know that she usually trusts my judgement and I really thought that I chose the best option available in my smallish town, but that doesn’t mean I wasn’t nervous yesterday when we went to view the site together.
“Hurry up T” I shouted at him, as he’s sat at the table doing his daily Sudoku, “if we are catching the train to Hereford, we need to get going”
All is right with the world. I can sleep peacefully tonight. We can all hope tomorrow will be a better day.
Despite World cup win, followed by last IPL season(within a week), then back to back tours (where btw, India failed miserably) and just when I was thinking all is over, the TV started flashing those sexy cheerleaders jumping up and down with pompoms and cricketers lusting for the orange, purple and god knows what caps.
"The nature of the universe," Marcus Antoninus has observed, "delights not in anything so much as to alter all things, and present them under another form. This is her conceit to play one game and begin another. Matter is placed before her like a piece of wax and she shapes it to all forms and figures. Now she makes a bird, then out of the bird a beast--now a flower, then a frog, and she is pleased with her own magical performance as men are with their own fancies."
Usually, before I draw the final comic or graphic novel pages I make thumbnails of them first with the dialogue for each panel and notes scribbled on the margins, so adding scripting before all that was a new approach to me.
summer streams
From the unreported to the unperturbed
But when I look at gold, if it moves from $1,700 or $1,800 to $3,000 an ounce over the next five years, as I expect it to, my gain will be close to 100%—as an investment, that’s not enough for me. I’m gunning for much bigger profits than that.
Yes, I would love to read to the children but being a library grandparent didn’t seem that grand to me. Don’t get me wrong, I want to be a grandparent….one day! Maybe, twenty years from now! Sahana, are you reading this? Anyway, to show I wasn’t really that old, I said, ’I can only volunteer during the morning hours since that is the time my son is in PRESCHOOL!
Pop on up to today. Our home is not a new home. It's olden and was built in 1970.
One pkg each of: 2mm, 3mm, 4mm Dark Cranberry flatback Pearls
And in doing so, CrossFit gave me my indpendence. My backbone. CrossFit, and running the box, taught me to take care of myself, and my business, with a focus I never knew I had. CrossFit gave me the realization that I don’t NEED anyone to do anything for me. I’ve got this. Every workout you guys do…Every new member who joins our ranks…Every class we have…reminds me…I have done this…I can do this…and it just keeps getting better.
The other occupations associated with the cane field such as the field nurse, firemen, and watchers were done by both genders, but not in equal proportions.
4) Don't take a fussy eater to Orson.
Never give up on what God has already pre-ordained for you. Stand tall, stand strong. Persevere, be patient. Be kind and bless others. Pour into others and others will eventually pour into you.
I came across Jess’s website via Twitter and was impressed by her photographs. I decided to contact her to learn a little more about this Peterborough based Photographer and share some of her work on the blog. The attached photos are from a series I quite liked titled “Liars and Cheats”.
The image above is from a very dear clients home, and this beauty frames the garages in a spectacular display of flowers! How wonderful would it be to see this every time you pull up to your house??
Patience is a virtue every warrior must master and have in his arsenal. Patience is power, patience will bring good things, patience gives strength to the warrior.
This design was done by Chris, who made the previous box. Here's what he had to say:
I do remember that Rob at his 40th birthday party mentioned he didn’t want to see 50. He had a really hard time dealing with 40, was very badly behaved in the time leading up to the party and even though he ended up having a good time, he did make that comment about not making 50. I recall thinking it was a very strange thing to say at the time, but he was right unfortunately.
2) "You want it too bad. You just can’t force these things."
Elyssa and her classmates waiting for the event to start
Never mind the fact that I used to turn my nose up at any kind of diet soda when I was a kid. The mere sight of TAB resurrected countless memories from my youth. I recalled the times my Mom would send me to the corner store with a couple of bucks for me to get her a TAB. She would let me use the change to buy whatever my heart desired. I remembered the girls at the neighborhood pool in the dead of summer, sunning themselves in bikini's and sipping on ice cold TAB's. And we mustn't forget about the commercials..
Many South Africans will recall the hilarious 1980’s hit comedy The Gods Must Be Crazy, written and directed by Jamie Uys. The opening scenes show how a Coke bottle is casually thrown from a light passenger aircraft flying over the Kalahari desert. The bottle lands in the middle of a primitive village.
Cashew nuts, ½ cup (optional)
Bourne’s version, equipped with a different and often more powerful medium in theater and dance, reveals the scenes of Kim’s memory for what they actually are, taking Burton’s beautiful sets a step further into the use of veils. Bourne’s set has the feel of memory, allowing some recollections depth and other mere surface. The world is more distant, firmly in the late fifties and early sixties complete with Jackie O clothing and Leave it to Beaver charm. The veils, literally hanging from the ceiling, are both beautiful as well as delusory. They are the thin veils of living, of comfort, of comparison to our neighbors of a time lost, of the American innocence that still layers some minds over and plumbs our collective psyche of the ultimate blame we that must assign ourselves to be honest. In a way, Bourne’s version is perhaps more true, maybe we never see our horrors and never reconcile with the hurt we give others.
REPORTER: Pre-tits?
I didn't want to use the pillows that I actually use to sleep on, so I opted for one of my neck pillows that I take on the plane. Those things get wily!
I can't see you with my head tipped back but again I hear the smile in your voice. "Good girl. Now spread your legs just a little for the nice man."
I also forgot my laptop this trip so can only post intermittantly on this old desktop here. Nuts.
growing stronger amidst the trials of my life.
"You are mistaken, Miss Farnham. Butterflies are useful creatures, as are other members of the Lepidoptera family. Butterflies and moths spread pollen amongst plants. Even the ugliest and plainest moth can do that job, just as a butterfly does. They also make a meal for birds."
4 shallots, peeled & sliced ¼ inch thick
And this year lots of my friends dropped by!
Just a cute story--
None of us chooses to dwell on the idea of Until Death Do Us Part. We can endure almost anything. Except that.
Here is the second Candy Bar Gift Holder that I made for Joans Weekly Challenge this week, please read the post below for dies used, sorry combined the two posts, just can not type much. Below is also the information about this weeks challenge at Joan's.
I forget things.
This post is going to be a rather short one, since I am basking in the luxury of a testosterone-free house.
The Stingers - Forward Up
I had some scraps all over my floor from the rosette banner project I did (more on that later). I decided they were just too good to throw away (like most of my scraps).
Make a left(north) on Tamm Ave. and you will be closing in on the end of this run. Seamus McDaniels, Felix’s, Nora’s, and Pat’s are a few fun venues located along the way back to Turtle Park. Tamm will eventually run into Oakland and you will have returned right back to where you started. This run is about 4.5 or 5 miles long and on a hill scale I would give it about a 7. Since Clayton police are usually fairly present and respondant and Dogtown doesn’t have a very high crime rate, I would feel fairly secure running this route during the day or night. Hope you get out there and are able to enjoy it!
Impaled on the points of Taslin's violet glare, Rel took a step back. "Rissad chose the risk over staying to accept another round of your handling. Don't dare deny your kind have a lot to answer for."
Spoon into cake tin and bake for 1 hour. Remove from oven and
Past research also revealed ashwaganda may help manage cell damage in the brain, offering even more potent antioxidant activity than vitamins A, C, and E
That was when it really started snowing. I switched my wipers on and stepped down a little harder on the gas.
EPO Examiners are increasingly taking a strict view of variant sequences, and may want further limitations in the claims so that only useful variants are covered. Normally the variants are required to have a particular activity. However if possible the application should identify preferred variants defined by specific sequences and the application should include data for variants.
Ale: We made ten gallons of a light beer and are pitching each one with a different yeast and different fermenting temps, ale and lager. both will be dry hopped with fresh Cascade hops.
“That one there – there’s no deposit on that one!”
Clean the bathroom/bathrooms. Wet a cloth and sprinkle soap onto the cloth, wipe down the bathtub, the sink and the counters. I use a hand scrubber to remove tough grime. Use one scrubber for the toilet, and a separate one for the sink, bathtub and floors.
Overall, the results on my poll surprised me slightly, especially that the Daily Mail online’s entertainment page gained the most votes. However, due to the large number of entertainment sites that there are today, I was expecting a wide range of answers.
We have a boat, which is great for wake-boarding, water-skiing, and fun boat rides.
ARTiST…. : Don Ruijgrok
Well this particular evening the 18-year-old was in need of a ride home from work (I did list “chauffeuring” as one of my sidelines) and “work” was across the street from the gym. This night the husband was home so I quickly volunteered for the driving assignment ahead of time. I devilishly plotted to leave early from home to afford me twenty minutes to worship at the physical fitness temple. Furthering my scheme I informed the 18-year-old that his chauffeur would be “working out” and he should walk across the street to meet me at the gym and I would be finished by then and drive him back home. Everything went well. I escaped my responsibilities and was very proud of my sneaky tactic to get a few moments to myself. Having limited time I chose the treadmill as the “torture de jour”.
Everyone brought summertime brews to share, from home brew to special finds. I think my top favorites were the Belgian Cherry that Average Jane brought, the Founder's Scottish Ale brought by Tim, and the IPA brewed by Amy & her husband. Good stuff!
This is a ‘documentary’ and yet there is absolutely no way to check any of these facts against reality. According to Mr. Maddin, Winnipeg has a civic law prohibiting the destruction of signage, thus the creation of the world’s largest graveyard of discarded signs. Fake Nazis invaded the city during WWII as a test to see what would actually happen if the fuhrer made it across the pond. The town has an epidemic of sleepwalkers. What do you make of this? Do you sit there, declaring what’s bullshit and what’s not? Do you call the man on his shenanigans? Or do you sit back and allow the insanity to take hold, to seep through your every pore and infect you with the oddity of pure sense. Not an ounce of this picture is coherent and yet you never question. Once the claws are in, you let it drag you along, smacking your head against the sidewalks of ‘irrationality’ and ‘Oedipal complexes’. It’s as though you’re sitting next to a good friend, showing you his/her art film. Every time you ask a question, such as ‘Did you have to dissect a pig anus? And did you have to do it to a soundtrack of the Backstreet Boys?’ they yell ‘SHUT THE FUCK UP AND WATCH’. And you do. You do shut the fuck up. And you do watch.
In order to register the same day, applicants start arriving at 8:00 am. They must complete application form, admit payment, be checked in and receive a race number, and pick up a runner’s bag.
I never talked baby talk to my kids.
3) Serve on either a bed of creamy polenta, or slices of the ready-prepared kind from the supermarket that have been gently fried in a pan with olive oil.
Here are the supplies I used for the trim and doors:
7. pick a theme. if 63% of all FP blogs consistently stick to a theme, then they are going to find a greater following among people who are also into that theme. i’ve been blogging about 6 years, and it wasn’t until about a year and a half ago that i even knew what a “tag” is. i was using “categories,” not “tags,” but i don’t know the difference, so i probably don’t deserve to be FP if i can’t understand how the damn thing functions. as for themes, i’ve seen blog titles like “interesting things to do with blueberries.” really? can there be more than six? how do you make a whole blog theme about that? and then, how do you have enough entries to be FP? i know blueberries are a powerful food and fight cancer, but a whole theme? i could understand if it were apples, but not blueberries. and i hear the little dark blue bastards are starting to call themselves “indigo” just to be different.
Digital Rapids provides innovative solutions, technology and expertise that enable media organizations and professionals to bring live and on-demand video to wider audiences more efficiently, more effectively and more profitably. Our award- winning hardware and software solutions span the critical points in today’s media operations, including ingest, encoding, transcoding, streaming, broadcast and workflow automation. We’re bringing our complete lineup to the NAB Show in booth SL5624. Featured demos will include a new version of our Digital Rapids Transcode Manager software, powered by our groundbreaking Kayak technology platform; and our newest live encoders for blending ‘traditional television’ encoding with revenue-expanding multi-screen distribution.
The paper should be left in the bottom of the pan when the cake comes out
Lets not spend so much time trying to identify and distinguish differences and similarities between denominations when we ought to be studying and digesting the Word of God. As long as Christ is in one’s heart, He can do His business. I encourage each of you to focus more on the mission of God rather than the mission of whatever denomination you associate with. With every denomination I have encountered there has been some type of discrepancy with the Word. Not only are the denominations causing division but they are also contradicting each other. Don’t get wrapped up in titles because it really only boils down to the fact that the Bible does not mention the Church being associated with any type of denomination. While denominations are separating Christians by their interpretation of Scripture, creeds, and statements of belief, God is telling us to unite as the body of Christ. Every denomination will tell you that they are the “true church” but they all cannot be right, so then who is wrong? Don’t waste time trying to figure it out. We can only get to the Father through the Son (John 14:6 ), not by being a Jehovah’s Witness or COGIC or Protestant etc. How can you not fellowship with your brother or sister in Christ because they don’t go to a holiness church like you do? Seek the Truth that comes from God and not from the denominations created by man. One God. One Church. One Baptism. One Faith. One Spirit.
Any bets the answer has a price tag?
It's not enough that I thoroughly dislike this movie. Nope, that in itself would be far too easy. The plain fact of The Ice Pirates is that this is one of those many hundreds of movies released in the early Eighties that is so instantly forgettable and imminently disposable that it's impossible to feel anything but disdain for it.
I LOVE to surprise my family! My husband walked in the door just in time to smell the pie coming out of the oven. I don't think much says "welcome home!" like warm smells coming from the kitchen. Well that and I big smooch and a smile that says "I'm so happy to see you!"
The run was pretty uneventful for the most part. I just kept pounding away the miles. We did run over some pretty wooden bridges on a few of the paved trail portions and there was also a street bridge over 1 mile long we had to run over. The police were on site all day there to keep one of the 2 lanes closed for the race which made it a lot safer. I ended up finishing in 8:14 which I was okay with.
Whoever offers me the sacrifice of thanksgiving honors me; *
White belt: Forever 21
These discoveries would have been more than enough, even for a good day. Since I was on the hunt for the Laymons, I started looking around the 'net for some Wyoming newspapers, since I knew that the Laymons, the Pechts and assorted inlaws had gone to Wyoming in the early 1900s to work the oil fields. I had gathered very little information about the families during the Wyoming period, circa 1906 - 1915.
On one of their most recent visits, Grandma and Grandpa Willis gave Jack a transformer type toy. He just found it the other day when he dug out a bag to pack some toys for Maggie. Maggie got ahold of it later stating; "my tas-oder!"
If you want to impose a Communist government onto the people, you need to destroy the capitalist economy, but openly doing so is going to cause a massive outcry from the public. So in order to destroy the economy, you have to break the back of it, namely electricity. Create an “Electricity Crisis” (problem), The public cries, “Something must be done” (the Reaction), blame businesses for consuming too much electricity and tell them to scale down (the solution). Down the drain Economy goes.
The name Rose comes from french, Rose perrinial flower shrub or vine of genus rosa in Rosaceae family that contains over 100 species and comes variety of colours.
1. What is the best advice an older relative or family member gave you?
If you could see what I can see
You can find further information below:
And you know what? All it took was:
Now, tWitch is is a phenomenal dancer, and if that’s not enough to make you love him, the fact that he’s incredibly good looking should be enough to push you over the edge. Just in case, here’s one more reason to get behind tWitch: his recent appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. tWitch teamed up with Ellen’s corespondents, Sophia Grace and Rosie. The girls, known for their viral video cover of Nicki Minaj’s ‘Super Bass’, went to tWitch for dance lessons:
I don't get personal on this blog often. Well, not much beyond geeky stuff anyways. Don't worry, I'm not going to get crazy. I just want to answer a question that I get asked a lot. As some of you may know, I have a dayjob. I'm lucky enough to have a great dayjob, one that I really enjoy. But in my free time, I'm pursuing writing. I'm inching closer and closer to being able to write full time, but it's still a few years off (at least). I'm not even sure I'm brave enough to go fully freelance. So given that I work 45+ hours in a week and write a few things, people often ask me how I do it or whether I ever sleep. The easy answer: I make time.
My head's covered with hood of black
1 tsp almond extract
I believe You are most holy, God. All holy. Always holy. Only holy. Altogether holy.
Hypocrisy on the part of the white middle classes is nothing new. Labour politicians who extolled the virtues of the working class and sought to destroy grammar schools and private schools made very sure that their children did not attend what one of Blair’s aides referred to as “bog standard comprehensives”. No, no, their children went to good fee-paying schools and from there to a good university. At every stage, as their children transited the primary, secondary and tertiary education system, the parents who loudly proclaimed their love of “diversity” took all possible measures to ensure that their progeny were, as far as possible, insulated from this wonderful gift of “diversity”. Bog standard comprehensives – the description is all too accurate – overflowing with immigrant children, the dreadful cacophony of alien tongues, freakish behaviour and clothing, lack of order, drugs, savagery, racial violence directed at whites and abysmal educational standards, were for the “masses”, as it were, emphatically not for all the Jemimas, Kates, Charlottes, and Williams, Bens and Joshuas.
The field trip was tying up at 11am, and Captain America and the Old Fort Bliss lady stood around and chatted about possible Civil War reenacting possibilities for about 45 minutes. The kids ran and played for part of the time, and sat in the truck for the last 10 minutes. We got out of there at about 10:45am. We went back home, changed out of our scout stuff, and headed out for lunch. We thought that we'd give El Taco Tote a try with the kids. It wasn't my idea of a good place to go (it's too spicy for me, so what will the kids think???), butCaptain America really wanted it, and I wanted him to be happy.
The Cascadian Dark Ale (CDA) (or "Black IPA") is a relatively new variant of IPA, with a characteristically dark or black appearance, due to roasted malts, while retaining the hop aroma typical of the IPA style. Examples of this style include Heavy Seas Black Cannon, Stone Brewing Company Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale, Hopworks Urban Brewery Secession Black IPA, Widmer Brothers Brewery W'10 Pitch Black IPA, Laughing Dog Brewery Dogzilla, Cascade Brewing Dark Day, Deschutes Brewery Hop In The Dark CDA, Thornbridge Brewery Raven, Victory Brewing Company Yakima Glory (formerly Yakima Twilight), the Blue Star Donkey Lady, and LoneRider Grave Robber Black IPA, Garrison Brewing Black IPA. The name refers to the Pacific Northwest Region of the United States ("Cascadia", related to the Cascade Mountain Range, near where Cascade Hops are grown), where many current commercial versions are made. The style was invented by Greg Noonan in Vermont in the early 1990s, and by the mid-2000s there were several commercial versions made in that state.
I've made both of these card previously. I had some lovely positive comments from people about these cards.﻿
Next is a completely new state for my collection, Alabama. This one comes from Carey:
Who may submit photos?: INPS members or their immediate family members are eligible to submit photos – A maximum of 5 photos per individual please. (entry form)
~Bo Bunny "Ambrosia" papers
ahead of time—before the Lord returns.
The jitterbug was what I was doing yesterday when I opened up my mailbox! Now notice,I did not say it was pretty but I was dancing and a squealing because that sweet Mr.Mailman left a package in my box from Carol of Buttermilk Creek Farm.Folks,you need to skip on over to Carol's wonderful blog and check out all of her amazing creations! She is a wonderful person and a true artisan. Let me just tell you the dance I was doing at the mailbox was nothing compared to what happened when I opened up the box!I just about gave my poor momma a heart attack ,I was so excited.As many of you know already I was blessed to win Carol's recent giveaway celebrating her blog anniversary!!!I have long admired Carol's mouse creations,as you all know she is extremely talented.Folks until you have held one of her mouse friends in your hands you really have no idea the detail that she puts into one of her creations! Miss Milly is just lovely and something I will treasure forever! Carol was beyond generous and included a bag of grubby eggs and a yummy smelling pantry cake as well as Miss Milly.Thank you so much Carol!
Normally, I am not a person who soaks up the sun. Today, I am channeling my inner sun goddess.
Exercise is just as important to your mental health as it is to your physical health. It’s a stress reliever, a relaxant (although it may not feel like it at that moment), a rejuvenator. I’ve come to the point where the studies about mental health and exercise don’t matter to me anymore, because I know it works. I’m walking, talking proof. I challenge you to try it. On the days when you’re feeling down, or sad, or just don’t want to do anything. Get up, go outside, take a walk, or ride your bike, go to the local gym and sign up for their free trial (yes they’re out there, I used to “Gym hop” which is a fun way of saying I would go to whatever gym was offering a free trial and then move on to the next one so I would never have to pay for a gym membership. Sad I know, but have you seen a Social Worker’s salary?!?) and just see how you feel when you’re done. More than likely, you’re going to feel a ton better. Your body and your mind will thank you.
Sometimes my voice may be as a venerable old one, richly lined and weathered, with a knowing wisdom to share. I sit at her feet and listen.
The boys woke early, keen to continue their play, especially having spent so much time, in the moonlight, building snowforts ready for battle. Quite quickly though, Buzz came to me feeling ill, and we had to send local friend home - he was so disappointed.
_____'love' comes from the heart.. But i suspect 'boobs' in front contribute a lot! ;-)
to save a sayer from their poems:
* Geoscientists
Of course, as is customary, delicious pizza will be served throughout, Ale Stars will have the chance to ‘Ask the Brewer’ and Beer Trivia will be presented in between beers. Strap yourselves in for that one! Also available on the night will be a range of special limited release items and memorabilia including T-Shirts featuring ‘I Was There When the Prof Hosted Ale Stars’, ‘Ale Stars – How Good Was The New Bloke?’ and ‘Shandy – I remember him!’ Also, don’t forget to pick up your ‘Prof. Pilsner for Ale Star Tzar voting cards. Just pop them in the box provided – I’ve already filled them in for you. That’s just the kinda bloke I am.
This kid has been on a gymnastics team since he was 5 years old. The story goes like this – he was the only one of my kids who was a climber. When we would bring the family to the playground on a Sunday morning, all the kids would either be on the swings or on the climbing structure, well except for Trevor, who would always be on top of any high structure.
If this sounds like a hypothetical situation, it's not. I know of at least two temporary-grant-of-copyright publishers that have gone out of business in the past year. Both, as far as I know, returned copyrights to their authors. Other authors with other publishers--for instance, the writer I mentioned at the start of this post--may not be so lucky.
I’m not one who can write a set amount of words per day but I always aim to finish what I’ve started. So if you’re writing a book, don’t give up until you’ve got to The End. That way, I think you always have something to work on and improve, rather than a blank page every time you start a new idea.
Back in the day, when I was shoving everything in, I spent one summer in a fit of post adolescent pique sharing a flat with a couple of friends, one of whom was a vegan chef. I learnt several things that summer. Vegan cooking is fantastic for weight loss. I caught sight of myself in the mirror one day and realised that I was SKINNY! I also realised that there was no way in hell I could be vegan. While Chef Leatherbarrow conjured up tasty and wonderful meals, it required culinary skills far beyond my capabilities. The other thing that Monsieur Leatherbarrow let me into was the secret of a good chilli: sugar!
My father loves hockey. My father is Panamanian American so this is not exactly "normal". I am not going to pretend I watch hockey avidly because I don't have time to watch sports everyday but some of my earliest memories of father-daughter time is me lying on my father's stomach as we watch a hockey game, usually the Blackhawks versus whoever. I watched all the Stanley Cup playoff games last year and I would venture a guess that I know a little more about the Blackhawks than most bandwagon fans after our 2010 win. But whenever I hear someone talk about hockey, I think about my father. Especially because we often discuss the few Black players in the NHL and usually, if the BHawks aren't playing, we support whichever team has a Black player (if they both have Black players on their teams, great. Then it's just based on talent). My father has told me that he gets some ribbing from his friends for liking hockey and the few times I mention I like hockey, I get some weird looks (and Black people usually tell me that it's a "white sport" to watch and play). I found it interesting that the author chose to give the book a 1960s setting when this book could have been even more interesting set in the present-day. Cracking the Ice did not, I felt, do a good job of explaining why many Black Americans do not play hockey. It's mostly an economics issue and I would venture a guess that this held true in the 1960s as well as today plus I am sure there are still racial incidents today. I was also curious as to how Jessie became a fan of hockey, that was never explained. If it was because he grew up in the Northeast where hockey is hugely popular, than the book should have explained why other Black teenagers were not interested in hockey. The descriptions of hockey however are delightful. The author clearly has deep-rooted affection for this sport and it shows in the detailed dialogue and descriptions of hockey greats, hockey plays and the euphoric highs one gets playing this often-brutal, skilled, sport.
Anyway, defying all logic, the child has, in fact, been kidnapped from under Kyle's (Foster) nose and secreted away somewhere on the airplane. Nobody, not one fucking person, on the plane sees or remembers a man going somewhere on the plane with a young girl in his arms. The man, the kidnapper, as it turns out, is a sky marshal. His accomplice is one of the flight attendants. It's all part of a complicated (i.e. stupidly elaborate and illogical), Rube-Goldberg-device-like plot to extort a large sum of money from the airline and leave Kyle as the (dead) patsy. You see, they killed Kyle's husband and somehow managed to get themselves on the same flight back to the states. Kyle is some kind of airplane engineer, so they know she'll know where to look for her daughter and would have the necessary skills to plant a bomb on the plane. They've bribed a funeral home operator to tell the pilot that Kyle's husband killed himself and their daughter so everyone will think Kyle is crazy. Do I need to go on? For fuck's sake, whatever happened to just sticking a gun in someone's face and saying "give me the money"?
Last week I asked you to submit any design problems you would like solved. For my first set of tutorials I plan to answer your questions in the order they were submitted, therefore, today I am going to tell you a bit about html hyperlinks - aka - links.
Above is a cross stitch sampler that I finished up yesterday. It was designed by La-D-Da and called Tiny Sampler. It's so delicate and the GAST threads make it just feel loved.
01. A New Silence
I was recently reminded of these journals by a thread on Facebook and mentioned to some fellow bloggers that I had once used them in my classroom and would they be something other teachers could use. Fellow blogger, Laura Candler, quickly responded to my mention and told me about her 'Happy Thoughts Journals' (read her blog post by clicking on this text). Thanks to her encouragement and support I dug out my old hand drawn worksheets and quickly got to tackling a digital unit for my Teachers Pay Teachers store.
Several Mantis beings were killed by shotgun from angry local mobs crying, “No clones! No bugs! No Cabal!”
There are people on this planet who live virtually in hell and on the same planet there are others who live a relatively peaceful life. The ones who are at peace inside will still experience the polarities, but in a much more benign way, not the extreme way in which many humans still experience them. So, the way in which the polarities are experienced does change. The polarities themselves cannot be removed, but one could say, the whole universe becomes somewhat more benevolent. It’s no longer so threatening. The world is no longer perceived as hostile, which is how the ego perceives it.
Interviewer: He is what?
Beyond my limits
If you’ve been successful in changing a site, but Google is still showing the older version, you can use Google’s URL Removal Tool to accelerate the process. Note that this will require a Google account, and that if you get Google to change, you’re going to have to submit requests to other major search engines like Bing separately.
Fun Quotes:
And live skin. And my flesh.
Photograph by Vivien Meier
30. Hurt So Bad—Lettermen
Because we belong to you
An encounter with Def Leppard ends perfectly; another with Richard Misrach's photos and the Utah sand flats ends with a scene "like a contemporary monument to the Donner Party," where "a family car has sunk up to its axles in an area of sudden mud." Rebecca West's massive "Black Lamb and Grey Falcon" represents for Dyer a model of sprawling reflection on his own Balkan quest: "as a kind of metaphysical Lonely Planet that never requires updating." The strength of this admittedly diverse and diffuse anthology for all its "unruly" assembly testifies to West's disciple, another restless and engaging guide to one eccentric, lively, and unfailingly erudite, take on his--and perhaps our-- human condition. (Amazon 12-9-11)
So, in a nutshell: smells like peppermint (you know how sometimes, you get something that's supposed to smell like a certain scent and it, well, doesn't? Not the case here. It smelled like I actually unwrapped a peppermint), it's very soothing, the scent stays on your skin, and it's fun to watch it dissolve, AND it is colored like a candy cane. For the price, you really can't go wrong.
I hate that I haven’t had the opportunity to add a new post this week, but life became very, unexpectedly hectic. With this I wanted to take the opportunity to share the story of my Meme (my grandmother) who passed away on Wednesday, April 18.
Tap on your eyebrow just near your nose.
Bergün (km 40.3, shortly after Funtanislas), is considered to be the beginning of the hardest part of the race. It's the start of a climb to the Kesch-Hütte, from 1282 m ASL (Funtanislas) up to 2632 m ASL (Kesch-Hütte). That's 1350 m straight up! And it was unbelievable. I never experienced something like this. I counted every 100 m on my altimeter, expected my legs to quit any second because the path was so steep. Nobody runs here, not even the winners of this race.
Markets
Now we catch up to the present time. Leo told me that the reason that he and his dogs were in that high meadow that morning was because of the sighting that very morning of Mildred Packer on the trail that I had just hiked up….alone. Here it is August of 2008, and she is still roaming the town and it’s surrounding mountains.
In the giraffe's tummy was a picture frame, and in the giraffe's tummy picture frame were two photos -- one of my nice boy wearing a tuxedo (at a homecoming dance he had attended with someone else, before we'd met) and one of my nice boy when he was a nice little boy.
Can you pronounce everything?
Volunteering feels very worthwhile to me.
1) The eye dropper system is a vintage system which was the base of the writing instrument and this is how the fountain pens were born
The program is itself is the symbol of peace and harmony as six different organization , are organizing this program together.
Gell tries to argue that Mr. Rogers “encouraged a deeply personal relationship to television that did more harm than good.”
Hehehe, I'm blogging early because I'm gonna take my nap now. My nap can be very longggg. Maybe till morning? Heehehe, who knowwwssss.. Byeee!
On our last full day in Vegas we booked to go on a helicopter flight over the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam and the strip. It almost didn't happen as Jonathan is scared of heights and has never been on a helicopter before but he overcame his fears and off we went!
But she maintains she is not on “welfare She is, however, very much on public assistance.”, since SSI is basically a welfare program for the disabled who are indigent, which also brings Medicaid healthcare benefits with it (hospitalization, major medical and prescription assistance). And she is on food stamps, which she does not believe is welfare because she doesn’t get a check every month. And she is on Medicaid, which is also not welfare in her eyes because she does not get a check every month. But all these benefits are forms of public assistance funded by the taxpayers.
Subject line should include GarbageBarge 2012 Submission_ Your Name Email you submission to:
Managers Attitude
*you can buy bone in, skin on, chicken as it is usually cheaper but, it does take time trying to skin and remove the bone.
Back to God He ran His course.
11 They surrounded me,
Its that time of year again.. that time where MY favorite holiday is right around the corner... thats right, beats out Christmas, Halloween,... My Birthday, not that its on a holiday but still.
And finally, dessert! How we love thee, dessert! We shared the Mexican Wedding Cookies and Homemade Dulce de Leche ice cream…. SWEETJESUSITWASHEAVEN!
-Remodeling a home is miserable, add the summer heat and all the running around with two babies ... torture
or maybe we should give him a cookie and pat him on the back?
Candidate: LuAnne Thompson
Peel and slice the onion
Drastic action is the only real hope. The logical things would not set well with environmental groups, public employee unions and all kinds of others. But it actually would be possible to revive the domestic product, balance of trade and reduce dependence upon oil imports. Wouldn't happen overnight, but it could be done rapidly. Our population's character is not yet moral enough to allow it. For one thing the state sponsored and instigated tribalism, racism and sexism would have to stop. Either it is blind equality under the law or it is not. You cannot pretend that favoritism to any group based on sex or ethnicity or whatever else is irrelevant in any way speaks to the natural rights of all or the concept of equal under the law.
Driveway remodel update: Thursday is DEMO day! I will take some before pics and pics of the demo to post. I am super excited about this project!!
My novel will be done. It will likely be confusing, erratic, boring, imagery-poor, grammatically pathetic… It will likely be of interest to only me. But it will be done.
RP = Red Plum insert
thanks that it wasn’t them who bought the bullet. Hey guys, get this
It is very funny. Not laugh-out-loud funny (although Sarge and Hedgie do), with the exception of the stinky cheese episode, but titter funny. I enjoy a wildly funny book, some favorites being P.J. O'Rourke's works ("Holidays in Hell" and "Give War a Chance" to name a couple), and Woody Allen's "Without Feathers." I have been known to laugh myself giddy over those. Not so "Three Men" and I suppose I will leave it at that.
Not brilliant I know, idid these while listening to the Cologne Chamber Orchestra last week. I had terrible trouble seeing well and I am neither good at faces that move or musical instruments!
Cellucci will report to Apostolico. In this position, Cellucci will be responsible for contract negotiations, strategizing QVC’s digital plans and new carriage opportunities, and directing the activities of a nationwide account management team.
Your download? Oh, no, you DO NOT get "Tennessee Waltz" or the other familiar 40's stuff from Readers Digest compilations. You can imagine (and probably don't want) the Anita Bryant-type and Doris Day-type stuff she did. What you get are six examples (from entire albums available) of why Patti Page is (unjustly denied the title of) America's greatest female vocalist. You wouldn't expect her to do a good job on:
I email the Swede to share the news. I email another friend for advice on what to ask an agent. Again, I’ve read all the blogs. I know what a writer is supposed to ask, but because I’ve highlighted my research, labeled my workpapers, three-hole punched my printouts, I already know the answers to those standard questions. The smartest thing I did when setting out to find an agent—I only queried the agents I would be privileged to work with.
just nothing to share yet.
6. One more necklace that I'd love to add to my collection is the Colorblocked Strands Necklace. I love the one with the red beads at the top. It is similar to a few other necklaces I have but the red beads make it stand out.
Dear Free-Range Kids: Just thought I’d let you know of this snippet from the most recent All You Magazine. It incensed me to the point of writing an email to the author scolding her for her “professional advice” (this column is written by “Relationship Expert” Nancy Carol Rybski, PhD). Here is the article:
But, this time, I took the time to roast, peel, and seed the jalapenos beforehand, and I also blanched the tomatoes to get the skins off correctly. Since that seemed to work out well, I briefly parboiled the red onions and a serious mess o' garlic, too. Then I just threw it all into the food processor with some lime juice, salt, pepper, and oregano, and after it was nearly pureed, I threw in a bunch of cilantro.
Tafolla’s goal as Poet Laureate, she believes, is to bring the joy of literature into the daily lives of the people of this great pueblo, and to empower the expression of their own poetic voices in our young and old alike. She believes strongly that a multicultural dual-language education is one of the greatest gifts we can provide our children, and that effective family literacy is heavily dependent on the availability of stories and literature to which people can relate culturally and realistically. “Literacy and literature cannot be realistically separated if we hope to have an impact on all of our residents,” says Tafolla. “Powerful stories that reflect our reality reverberate inside us, and give us meaning. Literature cannot afford to be elitist or disconnected from the community.”
The results from the research will be disseminated through national and international journals, popular media, policy briefs, international and national seminars, the internet, working groups and demonstration plots.
However, it has gone even farther than that now. We have made this a normal part of our world. Here are a few picture examples of products made and about women….but refereed to as girl:
The story of her reign is fascinating but equally so is the unlikely tale of how it came about. Catherine – born Sophia – was plucked from relative obscurity by Empress Elizabeth, a daughter of Peter the Great.
He was told that the men would be taken to Morningside police station, and when he queried this as Douglasdale police station was closer, he was insulted.
my "MATCH" account was "Summergirl8481" when Joe contacted me :P
The mainstream says that more is better. Be busy all the time. Spend your money on useless stuff.
I, personally, ADORE bronze, gold and copper eyeshadows. I think they're very day-wear as well as night-wear friendly. I wore this shade to university today and just dabbed a little over my entire lid, concentrating more of the eyeshadow to my outer v. I think this is, overall, a very flattering shade that it suitable for everyone ~ let the goddess in you shine hehe!
I have been blessed to be able to work at home (in the Customer Service industry) and by being able to work at home I am able to be mommy before being working mommy, and I truly realize what a blessing that is!! Anyhow, I thought I would include here one of my "work day surprises" that I received during this past week.
The kind of Portrait photography I like to do is all about the connection between the sitter, the camera and me. It’s why observational photography – wildlife, sports, documentary, architectural etc, has never really appealed to me: I don’t just want to look at something and record it; I want it to interact with me.
In keeping with the theme of Chanukah, speakers pointed out the hard fight that the Maccabees had against the “political Jews” of that time. Jews who put their faith in the Greek nation first. Much like today, where Jews around the world look to the nations of the world for the very survival of Israel. Nations who historically caused the Holocaust. Yet from them, they seek salvation. And like the political Jews of days of old, this faith in the nations was to such an extent, that it was not beyond them to put Jews in danger and even joined the Greek legions in fighting against those heroes, the Maccabee’s.
Me: So, how’s it going with the girl you’ve been dating?
· New Board Members for Safety/Research and PPP/Marketing to be inducted.
Let women and children carry your weapons and take pot-shots at the enemy. If they get killed, tell the whole world about the inhuman enemy forces that kill innocent women and children.
Now I freeze when I grab for your hoard
Well, I made these quite a while ago, but it seems I never got around to posting about them. My apologies.
What does a coffee shop, bed, a living room, a library and a garden have in common? No, it’s not a joke, it’s actually a list of possible answers to a question we often ask our guest bloggers. Where do you write?
dipping sauce
When I returned from that trip I continued to feel caught up in the reverie of their love and decided I was going to go out and find LOVE, come hell or high water. Coincidently, throughout the area that I lived in (a very open, country type area, out in the sticks) there were signs tacked up on just about every telephone pole, backside of fences, street sign posts, etc. that advertised for a dating service, literally trying to recruit people from my little neck of the woods. I tried to ignore it, but decided maybe I could just check into it. Long story short, much to my embarrassment, I am still paying $100 a month to belong to a dating service I have not scored one date from......please, laugh along with me because that is all I can do....laugh....(I'm unemployed.....so, $100 a month is a lot of money), I signed an 18 month payment plan contract....(I was unemployed at the time, but the girl 'pulled some strings to get me signed up'). The services they offer aside, it was a rookie move brought on by not wanting to spend another Christmas alone.....(I'm making efforts to get out of the contract, but I don't think I can)
Sign in using your Facebook account OR your name and email address.
Hubby Johnie Rotten came over to watch him work. I stopped Kat, asked him to reverse and KABOOM! Off the little guy went again. This time he was showing off. He ran, he bucked, he leaped in the air, he snorted and blew, dived at the ground and ran some more. He made quite a few laps on the end of the line and a few more after JR left before realizing, his audience was gone. When he figured that out- Kat settled into a trot for about four strides and stopped. He faced me and looked perplexed. "Where did he go? Wasn't he impressed?"
There are also many other peoples in the world who – even as adults – don’t exist in a state of separateness. Most of the world’s indigenous peoples don’t see themselves as separate to their environment. They feel a strong sense of connection to nature, an awareness that they are a part of the web of creation (and one which is no more important than any other). As Tim Ingold writes of the Batek Negritos of Malaysia, for example, ‘They see themselves as involved in an intimate relationship of interdependence with the plants, animals and hala’ [spirits] (including the deities) which inhabit their world.’ Or as the Cherokee Indian scholar Rebecca Adamson points out, for indigenous peoples ‘the environment is perceived as a sensate, conscious entity suffused with spiritual powers through which the human understanding is only realised in perfect humility before the sacred whole.’ The Hopi use the term Novoitti for the concept of living in harmony with nature, while the Tlingit (also of North America) call it Shogan.
Q068) The thing you must have in your bag is?
In an era where war, famine, financial downturns, and crippling misfortune are all part of the average person’s daily news intake, occasionally ‘something has to give’. Having never been a firm believer in karma, this writer can only label the events covered in this article as poetic justice.
The Duck-Rabbit Craft Brewery Duck-Rabbit Rabid Duck
She also knows, that no matter what things look like on the outside. That God has the FINAL say. She has been atending teachings from Danny, Kendra, Joey & Mechelle Patrick, Pastors Dan and Carla Patrick.. Staying grounded in her word. Walking in the faith of the PROMISES God has already made.
Have a great Monday Ladies!
When did you know that you wanted to be a professional ballet dancer?
We’ll take on Darwin and Sigmund Freud
Kelly (leaf) green
A tsunami is where water rises above 15 feet, it can affect all its surroundings, but the highest length of water is 15 to 30 feet.
The shock may well prove to be detrimental to oil and gas drilling activities in the Gulf of Mexico.
BTW do not throw away the vanilla bean shells. Keep them with sugar. You will have fragrant vanilla sugar for your next baking project.
SOUL SURFER (2011)
Slip stitch in the first sc, chain 12.
Roshon Fegan and Chelsie Hightower: 23 (7, 8, 8)
Set Gryffindors apart;
a reminding smile
It is also a fundamentally patronising and élitist idea, implying that it is fine for the well-heeled to continue swigging single malts, claret and craft ales, but that the irresponsible proles are not to be trusted with an abundance of Carling, Glen’s Vodka and Lambrini. As the famous Victorian liberal philosopher John Stuart Mill said, “Every increase of cost is a prohibition to those whose means do not come up to the augmented price.”
Last but not least the food will be serve to the guests.
from me seeing your’ fake’ give way,
Not that we have any immediate plans for moving, but I do like to take a look at apartment prices in the American cities we may end up. This way, I know when we do go, if I need to get just any job right away, or if I could take my time finding something in my field, and how much Ben would need to earn to make the move worthwhile (we'd probably only go if he could get a transfer, I am too chicken to just up and move sticks without something waiting when we get there!).
I should actually look harder..
.....lately I have really been thinking about buying locally grown food and how beneficial this is.....it is grown by people in our community....it is in season....good for us all. Then my brain switched to shopping local small businesses....again, good for our community. We have so many great locally owned shops....and not until I was an actual business owner did I truly appreciate how important this is.....to the owner and the feel of the community. I, personally could not live in a place where all there was for shopping was big box stores....don't get me wrong...I love Target and Costco as much as everyone else...but I LOVE locally owned boutiques and couldn't imagine a place without them.
Beer Log: this past Saturday
T is actually his middle name.
Loek van der Knaap: Guitars
The activities themselves were not on face value surprising given the nature of the course – completing large puzzles, getting the team through obstacle courses with various constraints around communicating and time for completion etc. However each activity had great originality once you dived in. Our assumptions were constantly being challenged and we were always in a position to challenge the process ourselves. Reviewing the tasks afterwards made us re-evaluate how we could achieve the full potential of the individuals in the team and subsequently the team as a whole. By the end of the course we were planning well, supporting the leaders, giving clear instructions, deputising for increased control of the team and acting three times faster than when we started. All grey areas of responsibility were being filled by everyone without being asked and proactivity was key.
“But the bags of fake cob web are on special, buy eighteen get one free!!!”
Doesn’t have to be a physics definition. That is, we want to know what comes to mind when you think of the word force, not what you think I want you to say! Think about it for a minute. Then talk at your table and write up a quick whiteboard with your definition. 3 minutes, max. All good definitions in their own contexts.
HINT: To make your next trip to the grocery store easier, copy the pages below and put a check by or circle those items you wish to purchase for your weeks worth of food. This way you will stay on track by only buying those items that are recommended!
“So, for sixty-one cents more you could have bought us an additional 3 lbs.. . .but instead you decided to buy us 2 lbs. at a buck fifty-nine. And if you add another buck fifty-nine for the same 2 lbs. comes to about $3.18. . .then add another pound divided by two off the $1.59 comes to about seventy-seven, seventy-eight cents, right?”
Monday, March 5 – Book Favorites
So what exactly was Romney saying. Somehow, someway the term Urban became another way to describe African American people as a whole.
Stay tuned for updates!
Vintage 8x10 still for WB "Union Depot" (1932) which I just had the pleasure of seeing for the first time on the very same day that this still came in the mail! Very fast-moving and fun pre-code picture with a great cast, I thoroughly enjoyed all 67 minutes of it!
We hurried down the boardwalk to the beach, I had a camera around my neck and my phone in my hand while my eyes were glued to the scene unfolding before me.
Good advice. Okay, so who was the most influential person in your writing career?
Some forum posters report that GMs are saying that F2P accounts were never supposed to be able to lock their XP, and that this is the intended behavior. We may see some clarification on this in the next few days, but if you have locked a F2P account below level 20, you might want to watch your XP bar very carefully.
That was SO satisfying.
Alarm bells went off.
So anyway, we made it through our third level of hell with me passing off a pink folder for purple and two black composition books for marbled (I had reached my limit of patience, marbled composition books do not exist in my realm of reality and any teacher who requests purple as one of the colors for a folder is just asking for trouble) and we piled ourselves into a checkout line. Thankfully the checkout was a quick one, which was something short of a miracle, and we ventured back outside where it was still raining.
It is said that the energy flows, where the attention goes, and this is the key to getting positive results in any situation. When you can actually visualize exactly what it is that you want, you fuel the energy of your creation by seeing all the wonderful aspects of it coming into reality. You can see yourself experiencing your desire in detail, imagining the events, sights, smells, and feelings around it. And, if a negative thought creeps in, you can simply erase it, replacing it with thoughts of what you want to have happen instead.
And now I'm trying to get organized to go on vacation. We will be away for just under 5 weeks, visiting family as well as tourist stuff. LM is looking forward to going on the plane. She has been on them before, but think this is the first time she old enough to understand. She also wants to see Kangaroos and Kolas, luckily we are planning on going to a wildlife park while there so she will get to see them. I always get a little stress when gather up stuff before going on a long trip, so hoping to get that done this weekend too. If I leave it till the following weekend I would be a basket case.
In the hopes of connecting with you all in the near future, I wish everyone a wonderful day,
Pleated wool trousers: American Apparel-- $20 marked down from $75. Really warm and great for fall. Totally worth trying them on sans dressing room in fully lit wide open space bustling with somewhere around 200 strangers.
Etc etc.
You ask and ask
Gain true insight
Down the dark,
Imogen: Yes. It's not greasy or salty or crispy or fatty or delicious. But it still tastes just like bacon!
On the whole, great film, great story, and wonderfully told. I might not be around for a while because I’m going to need to go walking around in the woods, looking for holes in the ground that will give me special powers. Wish me luck…and watch out.
To hint at damaging information about the victim without revealing it is of course an old legal trick in the States, because it sets hares running in the prosecutor’s office. In this case, it will probably do that, because as the Slog previously revealed, there do seem to be a number of ‘facts’ about Diallo not entirely in keeping with the veiled-Muslim-goody-two-shoes image donated to her by the DA.
i always tell myself not to try new dishes when i invite friends over for dinner.. but i still do. sometimes they turn out really good, other times they don't. tan and i have been wanting to try homemade sushi so i watched a few youtube tutorials, grabbed some recipes online, and figured i knew what i was doing.
Mr. Edwards survived the changes that occurred in the last ninety-four years of our history, from The Great Depression and WW II onward to the present day. He also survived as a blues musician, an extremely endangered species these days. In the 1930s Honeyboy played for people trying to break free of the drudgery of everyday life. These were folks who worked too hard for not enough pay, just trying to escape their problems for a while. In 2009, those in attendance at The Kachina Lodge are also worried about jobs and money, and they, too, want to leave their everyday world behind for an hour or two. If you look deeply at David Honeyboy Edwards you will see that he continues to show us through his Blues that whatever happens, we will deal with it and roll on. Some things really don’t change.
The maiden Allsop/Space auction was held in Dublin on 15th April, 2011 and saw pandemonium on the streets with the culmination of a frenzy of anticipation and is reviewed here.
But the traditional PR firm structure almost guarantees unhappiness.
occupied by Ethiopia, another less-
common interests and similarities. Moreover, women want to be with someone whom
This is a nice Mexican lobby card that used to be in my collection. One tagline from this flick sez... "Screaming young girls sucked into a labyrinth of horror by a blood-starved ghoul from Hell!"
Do you love someone in New York? Do you live in New York and are loved by someone? Lucky you! This weekend I'm teaming up with my favorite boutique, Castor & Pollux, to host a Valentine's flower shop for all of your love-expressing needs. Kerrilynn's taste in unerring and I've been a fan of hers for years so it's a big honor to sell stems along side her.
I paper pieced his little uniform - the white part is just the cardstock, but with the shading around the edges it makes it look like I found some magic white marker to colour with - but no - just a colouring technique!
Comfort, the smell of neighbor’s pancakes
WHEN: SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 2012 12PM- 4PM
I will not be updating this Blog anymore, there just is not enough time in the day to keep all the sites up to date. I was going to delete this Blog but I know some people use it as means of getting to my Flickr and Picasa sites. So those links will remain but no further blogs will be posted.
Todor
She opens her post by asking:
Tip the vegetables into a large pan, scraping in the juices as well. Add the can of tomatoes and the hot stock. Bring to the boil and simmer for 10 mins. Whizz with a stick blender (or use a liquidiser if you don't have a stick blender), then season. Pour into a jug and then into hot mugs or bowls.
The Post dug up the legal papers Dell filed against Lakshmi, and they don’t paint a very pretty picture of the very pretty Lakshmi. The two apparently started hooking up in November 2007 and were still intimate until the summer of 2009, when Lakshmi was suddenly not so into Dell.
If it wasn't for Snack, I would have just turned around and left. But I couldn't just abandon him like a puppy on the side of the highway so I stayed.
“Trust The Axis” had exceptional meaning. He knew what was true regardless of the chaos that surrounded us. I handed it to him…He opens it in disbelief. “You got me a record”. “That’s crazy, I just bought a vintage player yesterday…with no records to play”. All I could say was, trust the axis, babe. It was always unexplainable between us. Serendipitous.
The white rabbit.
The other way is when I hear a song three times or more which is not in the charts. It always has some significance for me, although at times it takes a while to work it out.
Redheads account for about 1% to 2% of people on the planet, so what's with all the crazy myths about redheads? British researchers set out to examine whether healthcare professionals really need to be more careful with red-haired people during surgery.
But suffice it to say that Adachi has wide-ranging interests. For instance, he carved out time to attend an immigration rally—anti-SB 1070, as you might have guessed. And he’s not the only out-of-stater to arrive.
Yves Rocher is a brand where all active ingredients come from plants. For the past 50 years, Yves Rocher harvested their own organically grown plants, extracting ingredients to make products in their own factories, and distribute their products without a intermediaries. They’re also very pro-nature – a tree will be planted for certain products purchased. Their current goal is to have 50 million trees planted, and they are currently just over 17.5 million. Pretty noble and impressive company intentions, don’t you think?
Today, it’s all about gossipy gossiping. There’s an entire summer ahead of us, and all we’ll have to replace the warm embrace of Premiership fixtures is the boney fingers and unwelcoming arms of transfer speculation. Whether it be the impending saga of Robin van Persie’s contract, or the interminable stories that’ll fly about like crazed geese; settle in folks, we are just at the beginning.
Pollination is the most important aspect of the growing process. While the fruits are typically growing, you can boost its efficiency by applying a special substance (usually available from your local store) to the trees that lures the bees. Experts recommend to add this to the trees only following sundown, or in the early daybreak.
anyway? Shrimp and steak or lobster bisque? Macaroni and cheese? How can you
No, no, you can’t sit down,
Although I haven't published a historical novel, I've dragged a few historical characters into the twenty-first century to feature in my forthcoming vampire series (stifle that yawn, please; these are a very different kind of vampire).
And time chases you into that abyss of nothingness
I go away for a month and look what happens?
Hot Sauce(optional) a few dashes, to taste
“They did have a plan for the fence but because the fence was going to cost too much it started getting smaller and smaller. Eventually it turned into just a fence around the culvert.”
When meditators access a stillness within them that is focused in the present moment — the Now — they also often access a deeper form of awareness. This depth awareness links them to their inner or higher Self — the part of them that perceives things from a higher and wiser perspective. Access to the Self is the goal of most meditative practices and yields what I call deep consciousness.
That very evening, it arrives. It has been purchased from Harlequin – a record store in Berwick Street (now long defunct). And, the purchaser wasn’t actually my Dad at all; he’d sent his secretary out to affect said transaction. It’s a mono pressing (hell, what did I know, what did I care)… and is contained in a sleeve adorned by what looks suspiciously like a child’s painting. Only its not, it’s by Bob Dylan. There is no wording on the front cover – just this painting. And, on the back not a whole heap of information either– so far, not so terribly good. But, inside… the warmth of the black-vinyl exudes… something.
She is everywhere. She is there, while I'm brushing my teeth. While I'm ironing my clothes. She's ruining the taste of food in my mouth and sucking the beauty out of the music in my ears. She's staring at me, with her lips spread into that creepy grin thing she does, and I'm shivering in my little gray boots. (PS the plastic surgery is really not helping reduce the creep-out factor. Some people were not made for full-on-smiling. Yeash.) I suspect, had Stephen King met Carla Bruni thirty years ago, the "It" wouldn't have been a clown, but a Carla doll complete with Jackie-O get up. In short, I feel like I'm being stalked by the Queen of France.
Large: 25 pounds and up
"... Yea, by the temporal law they were cut off; and also, by the spiritual law they perish from that which is good, and become miserable forever."
The Malaysian economy is controlled by the rich cronies and the UMNO elite. These are the groups who will suffer the most if Malaysia ‘goes to the dogs’. The rich are more powerful than they have so far been portrayed to be by UMNO. Former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad, who ruled Malaysia for 22 years, and ex-Finance minister Daim Zainuddin are both politicians and very wealthy too. They and their cronies have much to lose in the event that Najib orders a military crackdown or launches a coup if the Pakatan Rakyat led by Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim wins.
Cleveland Cavaliers losing to the New
One of the unfortunate traditions of Western classical music is old-fashioned sexism. It wasn't very long ago that the only women allowed to play in orchestras were harpists, so there is a lot of catching up to do, particularly when it comes to female conductors and composers getting a chance. The 43-year-old Finnish conductor Susanna Mälkki (above) started as a cellist and transitioned to conducting at the beginning of this century, specializing in contemporary music including such operas as Ades's Powder Her Face and Kaija Saariaho's La Passion de Simone. In fact, she was the first woman to ever conduct at La Scala only last year. (Click here for an interesting interview with Mälkki by local writer Cedric Westphal.)
Note that it's a pdf document. The file name (Franklin-Madison_Agency_Agreement-signed-1.pdf) is consistent with the contract's heading. But see what happens when you access the File menu, and click the Document Properties link:
Crosby, Stills & Nash Marakesh express US
In praise, the creature happily acknowledges that everything good comes from the Creator.
While RECO’s quick work played a key role in preventing the fraud, numerous individuals from the brokerage, law firm and Service Ontario also deserve kudos for the roles they played.
And don't forget .............. leave a comment to win.
Sitting outside, listening to the breeze rustle through the trees and my girls laugh and sing together in the sandbox (I'm just ignoring the occasional yell or threat from embry when Nola steps in her wet sand).
because that was the name of his dog
I’ll probably be absent for awhile as the doctor told me yesterday that I have COPD. Here I go again, just like last summer, with an aggravating cough. The nurse-practitioner I saw said that because an asthma attack required hospitalization once, I am now considered a “high risk asthmatic.” I’m taking Doxycycline, have a rescue inhaler (Pro-Air), and albuterol through a nebulizer (four times a day). The NP said if I get to needing the albuterol every two hours that I should go immediately to the emergency room.
Human sex trafficking and forced prostitution are quite rampant. Backpage.com is “the premier Web site for human trafficking in the United States,” The New York Times reports. Currently, Idaho only has laws protecting forced prostitutes under 18 years old.
“At the theatre, they began pushing and tugging at us and threatened to call the police,” Danielsen says.
Funny how so many of the bonsai in this post mention two individuals, Len and Jim M. All the older and larger trees in this group were originally McCurrach bonsai and are quite an age, the rest are Willowbog raw material and are younger trees. When we purchased it from Len it was on the fibreglass that he himself made specially for it but I thought that the image would benefit form a little more space and so it went on this piece of slate that formed the top on a snooker table. As you can imagine the whole is fairly heavy but it does not need to be moved that often and in any case I am married to a Cumbrian farmers daughter and being a great cook is only one of her many talents, she is strong as well !!!!!!!
And finally it's time to announce the guest designer as chosen by Lisa who we would love to have join us for Challenge #4, remember we will be choosing a GD with every new challenge so if you weren't successful this time there will be plenty more opportunities. So we would love to invite as our GD for Challenge #4....
For much of 2003-4, he was working for Newscorp as a freelance ‘detective’. And all that time, Andy Coulson was NotW editor. I have no doubt that, were he to be hauled before a jury/committee/TV programme today, Coulson would say that he ‘vaguely’ knew Whittamore’s name. This is one exchange between him and a Commons Select Committee about the matter in 2009:
And then all around him, in time with his beat,
If you have a summer baby, the Mermaid theme is perfect. You can set out a few different kinds of sprinkler heads and get a slip and slide for the backyard. Have the guests bring bathing suits and let the girls run around and splash in the sun. Make sure you have plenty of sunscreen! Once they have tired themselves out, you can serve fish shaped sandwiches and French fries and then onto the Mermaid cake.
Noonan described “the brutalization of their corpses” as “savage, primitive, unacceptable” and decried that the “terrible glee of the young men in the crowds, and the sadism they evinced, reminds us of the special power of the ignorant to impede the good.” She wrote that the Iraqis responsible for such gruesome actions “take pleasure in evil, and they were not shy to show it. They are arrogant. They think barbarity is their right.”
For Nietzsche I am my acts. There is no ‘me’ that is strong and chooses not to act in a manner of strength. For Nietzsche that which acts in the manner of strength is strong. That which does not, is not. He is not interested in ‘I could have but chose not to…’ For Nietzsche there is not some concept of restrained strength, (or any other restrained quality).
I guess the point I'm getting to is that you never know the impact the "mundane" post you made yesterday might have on someone out there. A long not thought of memory of your grandmother canning spiced peaches perhaps. You never know.
As Finn's hike takes her further into the woods, she happens along some scat and tracks from a variety of woodland creatures.
Anyway, have a look for yourself.
Anyway, after we dropped the apples a hundred times, they weren't good for anything except HOMEMADE APPLE SAUCE!! Which turned out to be fabulous, and which, of course, Jules hated. Anyway, fun times, fun times.
With the latest release from Nationwide, UK house prices have now risen 0.3% since 30th November, 2009, the date chosen by NAMA pursuant to the section 73 of the NAMA Act by reference to which Current Market Values of assets are valued. The NWL Index is now at 826 (21.1%) – because only an estimated 20% of NAMA property in the UK is residential and only 29% of NAMA’s property overall is in the UK, small changes in UK residential have a negligible impact on the index – meaning that average prices of NAMA property must increase by a weighted average of 21.1% for NAMA to breakeven on a gross basis.
In the end we got 55 memories as well as pictures. My uncle sent us a ton of pictures of my mom as a little girl! So fun looking through them all!
Wait … what?
Here is a pic of our gorgeous boy with his grown up Nevus buddy who he met for the first time at the last camp. It was so wonderful to meet Andrew and his wife, and hear him talk about his life and journey into adulthood with Nevus and everything that comes with it. Andrew is an inspiration and I am so glad us and so many families met him.
10/27/2007 76.29
Both cats spend most daylight hours outdoors enjoying watching winged adventurers in the surrounding woodsy environs that house numerous even more intriguing creeping, crawling and climbing creatures. I suspect Morgan and Randall are mostly observers of the life around them though they often disappear from my sight, but haven't gone far since they respond fairly quickly to calls. They do spend the hours from dusk to dawn indoors which pleases me. Years past I've been awakened too many times to neighbors cats courting under my bedroom window -- making sounds like a baby squalling. Such cat behavior in recent years has ceased. Unfortunately small pets of all kinds -- even those in fenced backyards -- have become victims of a few coyote packs who've moved into our city since our infringement into their wilderness territory.
Our industry is still using the original wording from the Stone Age like policy, premium, agent and beneficiary to describe the features and benefits of our products. These are not fun words. Sarah did not like these words. For her age group, these words conjure up completely different thoughts and responses than the traditional insurance buyer.
Ten years ago, little was heard of Islam in Europe. Today, we can read endless proven stories of segregated swimming pools, halal meat served in public institutions, religious studies in schools operating with an anti-Christian and pro-Islamic bias, areas of European cities operating under Islamic law, a blind eye turned to polygamy and police forces failing to uphold the law of the land for fear of violence, choosing instead to clamp down on indigenous Europeans who speak out.
The atmosphere was muted, as perhaps one could expect. Fear was not in the air, but there was a marked feeling of something that I — as a European raised in a time of peace — could not quite put my finger on. Not sadness, not anger — stoicism perhaps — but even as I write this I simply I cannot understand what living there must be like, especially for a child.
...doesn't look like it's ready for opening anytime soon, and despite having won the Le Fooding prize for "Best Decor", everything I saw looked either unfinished or covered up in plastic. Very much a work-in-progress that seemed to be composed of a lot of mirrored surfaces and marble.
You sit there quietly
We also drank a ton of water and walked everywhere, so the eating was guilt free, almost.
Wikipedia has an interesting article on gluten-free beer (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gluten_free_beer) which includes the note that "Statements from brewers such as Sapporo, show that their scientists feel confident that their product is non-harmful to those who are gluten intolerant." My guess is that Sapporo relies heavily on rice as a major fermentable and it's pretty thin.
The irk for Taib was that much of the land he took the liberty of dispensing as political currency was inhabited by indigenous Dayak communities who had lived and cultivated their land for generations, mostly pre-dating the creation of the modern Sarawakian state. Thus, when bulldozers and pickup trucks arrived brandishing permits for the land, clashes ensued which often turned violent. During the height of the confrontations in the 1980s and 90s, the army and police were deployed to back up the companies, resulting in several deaths and hundreds of arrests under Malaysia’s draconian internal security laws5.
“Ummm, welllll, I kinda left my new Coat ($50 Costco coat) at the restaurant…on accident, so I guess (Hand now totally covering an eating crap kinda grin)…I will have to wear my Buzz and Woody Sweatshirt.”
The two men were shot during an attempted burglary of the house, after being surprised by the residents, as they returned home. The burglars held them at gun point and threatened to kill them. The residents were two Camp Lejeune Marines. What happened next was predictable. Perhaps inevitable. But certainly
And has not yet look’d on it.
Homeopathic remedies that I usually have on hand include:
transition than I anticipated. In fact, it kinda felt like raging a war!
‘Where does he poo?’
As you would expect, Windows is the dominant operating system accounting for 96.17% of visits to the site with 2.26% of visitors using OS X (Apple).
The many offerings in cotton was in fact a very big reason Wahat Aljalabiya made the cut out of all the fancy and beautiful jalabiya and abaya retailers out there that I could have picked to reward myself. I have certainly owned a variety of different garments over the years and most of my “full coverage” options have been synthetic. It’s nice and drapey and all that, but depending on the material, it can also be hot or have an unpleasant texture. A lot of synthetics also do not wear so well over time… they snag, they pill, they unravel, the embroidery or decoration deteriorates. If you sweat sometimes they get hot or sticky or clammy or smelly… breathable and airy is not something I associate with polyester blends. Also they aren’t something I want touching my skin, so it requires even more layering. Even silk… yes its pretty and sometimes feels lovely, but it snags, it has to be hand washed, it stains easily, and I really hate the way it smells when it gets wet or sweaty. It really is for special occasions in my opinion vs everyday wear.
Anyway, I knew I still wanted to be involved, but not in the cast. The thought also occurred to me that nobody else was stepping up to be stage manager. Perhaps without thinking too much about it, I volunteered for the position.
From my late teens to my early twenties, I suffered from anxiety. By anxiety, I don’t mean lots of worries. I mean an anxiety disorder that manifested in really powerful symptoms. At my worst I was having four or five overwhelming panic attacks every afternoon.
and so his storytime had to end.
Eligibility: Entrants must have graduated or plan to graduate in 2011, 2012, or 2013 from an undergraduate program of art or design.
“I’ve noticed on the weekends there are many more visitors than on weekdays. It probably happens with families being so busy nowadays. If a spouse is in here though, usually their partner comes every day and visits.”
I am loving the time off I've taken for Christmas ... just relaxing with my son ... and doing absolutely NOTHING. For the past 3.5 months I'd been burning the candle at both ends, painting for my local Small Business Expo's ... and how tiring it was!
5) Consciousness cannot be located in the world, so consciousness cannot be said to have any properties. This argument follows from #3. It is explicit (and elaborated at great length) in its Buddhist version but also clearly implicit in both Hume and Wittgenstein. It does not follow from this that consciousness cannot be a property. Just what we mean when we predicate consciousness of a thing is what is at question, although I take it as now established that the criteria for predications of consciousness are necessarily operational.
So many people have the flu! Yet they continue to go to school (although some stay home from school but still come to English lessons!) and work and get everyone else sick. I don’t know why it’s so prevelant since most people say they have gotten vaccinated. A couple of the elementary schools have canceled classes for certain grades for the week to try to stop the spread. I’m trying to be careful and I did get vaccinated before I came here so we’ll see…
Once you think you’ve kneaded it enough, put the dough into an oiled bowl to prove. The first proving should be for around an hour, or until its doubled in size. I couldn’t detect a massive size difference in my dough post-proving and thought that the recipe had gone disastrously wrong at this stage. But I carried on regardless, and after about an hour I transferred the dough into a rectangular tin lined with parchment paper. Push the dough to the corners of the tin, and push your fingers into the dough to give it the dimpled focaccia appearance.
I email my buddy Kasey
Mr Sheridan asked Mr Coulson if his newspaper “printed lies” to which he responded “We try not to.”
I say: Oh I am just about there love...
Q. A good number of multinational companies are now offering specialized courses as part of the syllabus in many technical institutions, in a bid to step up ready-to-deploy workforce. How do you look at this trend?
"I did beat three others dogs in a run to that chocolate bar you know honey!"
P.S. I am going to pick up my husband's race packet tomorrow in Galveston
'The damage I've done to my eye is irrevocable. It's like someone damaging their liver. I really do want to get the message across,' she says.
Much later, after the publication of his book Dreams from My Father, and after Barack Obama became famous, a curiosity arose about the mystery woman of his New York years. “There was a woman in New York that I loved,” he wrote. “She was white. She had dark hair, and specks of green in her eyes. Her voice sounded like a wind chime. We saw each other for almost a year. On the weekends, mostly. Sometimes in her apartment, sometimes in mine. You know how you can fall into your own private world? Just two people, hidden and warm. Your own language. Your own customs. That’s how it was.”
And he does have a scar on his chin, my hero (though this particular hockey player doesn’t). How did he get it?
I think the receipt the taxi driver gave me with the year 2023 comes from the traditional Japanese calendar.
Our contractor found a great, reasonably-priced cabinet line for us from a company right out of western North Carolina. We went with a classic, white shaker-style to go with the soon-to-be-installed white subway tile backsplash and Carrara marble countertops. I really wanted a clean, white kitchen and plan to incorporate lots of color with fabrics, art, and accessories. I'm a strong believer in keeping the fixed elements of a home pretty neutral so that you (and future homeowners) don't get sick of them.
But there is nothing illegitimate about the current government. It, including the government of the Western Cape, was democratically elected. The rules of engagement, therefore, are different.
He covers self-esteem in relation to relationships, provides research results on how it affects progress in school, and debunks myths about the negatives and positives of high self-esteem.
~At the end of Saturday night when CJ and I were ready to head back to my place it was raining pretty hard. I ran up to my door first and then Cj called after me "Wait, I wanna open the door!" Last Sunday I gave him a key to my apartment. He turned the silver key in the lock and then said, "After you baby." I think it was such a great idea and positive growing to our relationship. Seeing him smile, was worth it all. ~
Yield 1 quart
This Omaha Agricultural Law Lawyer is pleased to bring you this update! Please post comments on whether you think the DOL made the right decision.
It took a few years to reverse the damage that our brief experience caused. It was a few years before Liam could see himself as the whole, brilliant, individual he is. The only thing I can say for the experience is that it left him with absolutely no doubt that unschooling is THE way to go.
So, I have been busy, honest, I have been playing Xbox and teaching Physical Theatre too, but I have been doing lots of film stuff…I also tried to change career paths for a bit, didn’t work out, funny story….not worth telling.
Triangle fold
Tom's Midnight Garden by Phillipa Pearce ( Snowy's favourite read-aloud from 2011 was A Dog So Small by this same author.)
-shitloads more water
Note that this is the same Quds force that likely trained Iraqi terrorists in the use of IEDs and is suspected of being involved with the recent attack on the Saudi ambassador on American soil.
I think that’s it for now…how are you doing?
Arrange spinach on salad plates and top with 4-5 scallops (remove toothpicks before serving), serve immediately.
Thirty minutes was the doable time - I mean, what is 30 minutes? In 30 minutes, all you would be able to do is 'like' a few more status updates on Facebook, watch a cat tap dancing on YouTube, check your emails a few dozen times more. So I stuck with 30 minutes and lo and behold it worked (in addition to some dieting but that's another story).
1 intelligible
Last year, Chinese learned via the Internet that the son of a former vice president of the country—and the grandson of a former Red Army commander—had purchased a $32.4 million harbor-front mansion in Australia. He applied for a permit to tear down the century-old mansion and to build a new villa, featuring two swimming pools connected by a waterfall. (See related article.)
Under the War Powers Act of 1973, the President has 60 days from the beginning of any conflict to obtain official Congressional authorization for the use of military force. Obama, in a move which ruffled the feathers of many of the members of his own party, simply refused to comply. His administration stated flatly that the rules don’t apply to Libya:
2. Breastfeeding's going to go so much better. I mean, it can hardly fail to, seeing as I now know what I'm doing. And since I'll have the baby right away, we'll be able to try to nurse right away. Odds are very good that the baby will be nursing within an hour of birth. If not -- this time I have a lot more knowledge and heaps of support. I hope to nurse this one longer, as long as I'm not pregnant.
to those drops now on yours, nearer …
All this being the case, authors have to do some additional analysis to make a sensible decision. Reasonable questions to ask would include, How much is the advance? How much do I need the advance? Do I think that with higher self-publishing royalties, I can beat the contract (to see what I mean with that concept, follow the last paragraph in this Daily Beast interview)? If so, how long do I expect beating the contract will take? How important is paper distribution to me, and how important is digital? How important to me is control over things like pricing and packaging? How important is time-to-market? How much do I like, and how good am I at, running my own business vs. outsourcing business management to someone else? How much do I trust my potential business partner to manage things well? How much do I hate what legacy publishers are doing today vs how much do I fear what Amazon might do tomorrow? Which system gives me more personal power to influence my odds of success, and how important is that power to me? Etc. If you make a decision without asking such questions, you're making a mistake, at least in your process (though you can still get lucky in your result). If you are asking these questions, then regardless of the path you choose, you're making an informed decision, and for you, the right one.
The topic–writers and writing—is a natural for any author, but it is not without its risks. It’s like ‘talking shop’ to someone who is not in the field, and readers of course are not. There is a twinge of this in talking about ‘writer’s block’—which I personally believe doesn’t exist[1]—but Eric rather skilfully avoids this by focussing on the personalities and their interactions.
Dear Zoe,
which means getting approval from a government committee ( or, in Boston,
Pollack-y pollenart on white Mazda pickup. Plus random tiny bug.
They have not expressed those views because they have been taught to feel guilty about them by a tiny minority with monopoly access to the communications media, and they have never yet voted in support of those views because they have never yet been offered a viable Nationalist alternative.
I wish.
In the prayer we also recognize that our human failings against Love are a major impediment to the fulfillment of His Will and therefore ask for His forgiveness, in accord with our forgiveness of those who trespass against us. In doing this we clear out anything in us that would impede His Will from being accomplished.
"He was chill, and like, 'how you doin, man? Come dance!,'" reported one attendee. "He put everyone at ease."
There is a feeling of joy, power and fullness which is steadily increasing every minute.
Something started happening that made me realise there was a big problem with my approach. I had done everything the self motivation books said to do and that was the problem. None of them told me what do with the plan. If they did talk about it it was the small emphasis that did not go beyond mere mention that left me thinking it was more important to draw up the plan.
La pluie et le froid gachent la fin de saison.
You promised me I'd be okay
My husband's parents were visiting this weekend for the occasion. They took our daughters out for the afternoon while I decorated.
I dunno, you tell me: anyone who knows me, am I the kind of guy who seems to cry out, you know, stone carver?
Cold soba for the boys today, decorated with pandas made from quail eggs. It's fast and simple to do, which left me with some time in the morning to do up a tutorial. So, hope you will find it useful if you want to try it out. :)
Many moments in Hold Still reminded me of Laurie Halse Anderson's Speak and of any/all of Sara Zarr's works. If you are a fan of either author, you should check out Hold Still. It's one of the most moving, honest portrayals of loss, loneliness, and moving on I've read recently.
We cannot sustain the CA and RTC conclusion in the petition for declaratory relief that private claimants complied with the requisite period of possession.
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute estimates that 2010 global military expenditure was $1630 billion. Globally it would cost $10 billion to provide universal primary education, $30 billion to eradicate world hunger, $30 billion to provide clean water to everyone without it.
In no way have I covered all Nicaraguan cuisine. I just posted some of the photos that I’ve acquired while eating during the last month.
"We’re National, the Sunshine Airline. Watch us Shine."- National Airlines
Rob Kardashian
(distance running) + (distance walking) = 20 miles
…please take your seats.”
The Victoria & Albert museum (V&A)
But we had believed in the hope of paribartan. I think we, the sceptical West Bengali millions, were hoping that you would lead a better, cleaner, fairer government than the disgraced, departing Left Front. In the euphoria of the election results it was impossible to imagine that you could do worse than Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee’s government.
Every Thursday-afternoon one of my sons will pick three names. The rest will go back in the basket to have another chance in the next round on the next Thursday.
I begin to see that out of my bitter circumstances something new can take root and bloom.
1 requirements
A local broker, however, had a more pragmatic view, saying that although Sime Darby was keen to venture into high-end development, it did not necessarily want to obtain everything at one go via a general offer, which would have been a much riskier proposition.
During their recent Great Park Summit, the Miami-Dade County parks department announced continued plans to turn distressed commercial spaces into green space through a strategy known as “Red Fields to Green Fields”. These “Red Fields” represent a new type of post-recession neighborhood blight where failed commercial spaces and strip malls are scattered throughout re-bounding neighborhood. The Miami Herald reported that this strategy aims to remove blight while impacting the neighborhoods most affected by the recession. The hopes are that the new green spaces will encourage redevelopment and lead to increased overall property values and tax revenues for the municipalities. Proponents of the strategy look at new parks in Greenville, S.C., and Manhattan’s High Line as examples of how these green spaces can lead to economic recovery. A pilot program is supposed to launch sometime this year in one of the sites already identified in the city’s master plan.
♬ WORDS fall into RHYME, ♪ ev'ry TIME you are HOLDing me NEAR...♫
Anyway, I decided to get a little more used to the way the character looks… by drawing him!
It may be caused by a brain injury, trauma to the head, or ear infections. It has also been linked to environmental factors, such as turmoil in the child's home life.
This will go against all the current anti-alcohol propaganda but I believe that the nightclubs should remain open till 8 or 9am the next day. There's actually good reason for this and I'll try and explain my thinking as best as possible.
For me they’re without a doubt the most beautiful models in the complete 40K universe. When I painted some Drantakhs for The Guild’s sniper build it became apparent that they needed vehicles. I’ve even got a few tank commander models as a gift with one order, guys cut in the waist to fit them in a vehicle. The Dran range has no vehicles of its own. And somehow the Tau tanks seem to fit with them. Yeah, Tau troops are nothing like Drans, but I think the vehicles fit the Dran even better.
I used 3 frames like this one.
Winner: Team Cheryl
Unlike the works of masters, which make ones fingers itch,
My love is not a cage or box
"I couldn't do anything and the guide didn't even have a stick to defend herself." said bold brave Archie ................"so I just took pictures for the scrapbook or if I had to sue the park over the death of my wife.... some cracking shots don't ya think?"
If you happen to see the interview, lie to me and tell me I was great.
You can place all of the ingredients in a crockpot for 6 to 8 hours. I just made it
D- An actor in that class will take 50% of the normal damage when attacked with the selected element.
And all this is before we get to Dude's money line, which makes as much sense as hiring a potbellied pig to roof your house:
Starting your own internet business is one of the best ways to make a lot of money without having to slave away for your entire life. It is significantly better then a real world store as it has virtually no overhead cost as it is all virtual. It also allows you to be flexible in your hours, to work when you want to work.
I had a motorcycle years ago, but I sold it when Kayleigh was little. I wasn't using it and we needed the money. I always kind of regretted it, and every spring and fall since then I've looked through the want ads to see what's out there. This year, Julia Joy was out there. I love her and will take very good care of her.
I've given you wisdom. (I Corinthians 1:30)
R eturning once again, surprise!
Red Album Project
and late yesterday evening
And there are some fun smaller details taken from my daily life. A dog in The Madman’s Daughter sequel is modeled after my neighbor’s dog. I haven’t told them that yet, which I should, because they’re probably wondering why I keep staring at their dog and then taking notes. I am using a friend’s last name for a particularly devious villain, but luckily she took that as a compliment. And one of my favorite lines in the book, which shall remain a mystery for now, is something my husband often says.
-- Exam week schedules always discombobulate me, and I think I am degenerating into the stereotypical absent-minded professor at an alarming rate. I almost gave an exam to the wrong freaking class today. I walked into the room at what I thought was the correct time, and was surprised to see that the seats were filled with about twice as many students as I was expecting, and they were (mostly) the wrong ones. Fortunately, it turns out that the actual exam time for my class is tomorrow and not yesterday. Whew. Now I just have to get through the next two days, which will include giving the real exam for that class, proctoring a different exam for one of my colleague's classes, and keeping appointments for two students to take make-up exams. Oh, and taking my car in for repairs. I'm going to be so confused.
Andrea Pearson
As to whether you look good in red lipstick does always depend on what you are wearing as well. If the outfit you are wearing is already a ‘look at me’ outfit then maybe wearing red lipstick might overkill the outfit but wearing red lipstick with something as classic as a little black dress or even just a t-shirt and jeans and keeping everything else understated means you will look classy and sexy.
Doling out the charm
Mary’s response was the beautiful poem recorded in Luke 1:26-55:
We mustn’t, just mustn’t, yes mustn’t lose heart…
“We got our fingers burnt so badly,” he said lifting her hand and lacing their fingers together. Her other hand touched his face making him return his gaze to hers.
but nibble on
I ended up calling the cemetery the next day where a woman with a horrifying, old voice told me that the building was a public mausoleum and that it was completely full. Which is fine, because I had no desire to get in there any time soon.
I’ve gotten a lot of anti-CF spam/troll comments lately that I haven’t approved due to their inflammatory and/or derogatory remarks that don’t add to the conversation, but if it’s one thing I’ve come to realize: they’re absolutely right. I guess deep down I do really want kids after all.
This is a great source of inspiration and helps to showcase many different styles on your demo boards at our own events.
Even so, He is still speaking today and stirring my heart and revealing His truth. And, in the meantime, I have learned to be better at waiting and letting God develop and mature the revelation before I shout it to the world. Progress!
Should rarely ever use
yes i know i have a shopping addiction - but soon enough it will come to a halt - a MAJOR halt - like NO more purchases for 12 months - yes 12 months - i'm dedicating myself that after October i will not purchase anything that is not a necessity and pay off all my credit cards! -- gonna be hard, but it's a life changing decision you will learn more about!
For summer's two best local beer festivals we're bringing beers that incorporate unusual ingredients. The first to look forward to is the Organic fest at Overlook Park where one of Upright's two beers will be a special single barrel-aged cask of the Seven with hibiscus, rose hips and rose petals. The beer is set to be kegged directly from the barrel next week and will yield fewer than 5 kegs worth of beer. So far the flavors have been great with lots of floral character blending with the beer's citric quality and some deep background complexities.
The official groundbreaking for the center was held in the summer of 2000. With construction nearly completed in spring 2002, pilot programs were conducted to test the four-day program for 4th and 5th graders. The teachers and kids who attended provided reviews about the quality of the educational experience, with comments like "this isn't a camp it's a school with real teachers" and "this experience wasn't about recreation it was about learning - only they made it fun!"
Later in the book, the king of elephants ate some poisonous mushrooms and died, so that the story could be moved along and Babar could become king. Gaaah! This was a children's book? However, I took the opportunity to talk to the kids about eating wild mushrooms. As in, this is something which either kills or sickens several people every year in this area, so we don't do it.
Who would you like to see on a coin/money?
Do I blame my parents for this behavior? No.
Also, even if you have been cycling since age 5 and can compete in timed half-centuries in your sleep, consider downplaying your prowess and adapting a "leisure cycle" mode. Don't kit up. If you have an old beater bike, ride that when you are together instead of your super-fast roadbike. I would even go so far as to suggest buying an old vintage upright-ish bike for yourself, to match the level of the bike your spouse will be riding. This will even out the playing field between the two of you and will make you less intimidating.
Whether it makes a difference to use sealer was pretty inconclusive, but we figure it can’t hurt to keep our granite protected.
A few quick observations on the other actors. Brian Keith easily parlays his gruff Uncle Bill character into a gruff Russian scientist. Martin Landau seems to have been in a "nutty guy" rut in the late Seventies/early Eighties that extended here. Karl Malden can make anything sound good - look at "The Streets Of San Francisco" - and certainly makes stubbornness an art form as someone we're not sure if we should hate or like. Henry Fonda... well... in the Seventies he was either a doctor, a fire chief, a company CEO, a general, a colonel or an admiral, so I guess we should have come to expect his placement in a movie like Meteor as our POTUS. And for as little time and development as Fonda gets, Trevor Howard probably gets even less.
“Don’t you mean a six pack?” She laughed. “Or are you going to try and tell me had more than one?”
Michael Faraday formulated that electromotive force (EMF) produced around a closed path is proportional to the rate of change of the magnetic flux through any surface bounded by that path. In practice, this means that an electric current will be induced in any closed circuit when the magnetic flux through a surface bounded by the conductor changes. This applies whether the field itself changes in strength or the conductor is moved through it.Pass an electromagnetic field (such as the one generated by the Sun's plasma - ionized gases) through a closed circuit (anything that can conduct electricity be it steel, aluminum or copper) and an electric current is created. That is how your car battery is charged by an alternator. That is how a coal/gas/nuclear power plant works.
Yes, New Yorkers, David Lynch has an exhibit of his recent artwork on display at the Jack Tilton Gallery! It's a pretty good collection too, I think. For all the usual Lynchian darkness on display, these works are always grounded in something that feels emotionally real, for all their surrealistic flights of fancy. For me, that's the way Lynch's best films function: they're weird but rarely just for the sake of being weird; they express something definite, if not always easily describable. Anyway, this exhibit ranges from oil paintings to photographs to a 42-second video, encompassing a variety of different subjects and moods. It's worth checking out—and hey, it's free!
Team cohesion is a vital element of a successful organization. Trust, communication, and respect are factors that contribute to building team cohesion. In 2011, researchers looked at how 13 Olympic organizations (winners of 24 medals at the Beijing Olympics) shaped their programs. The findings are useful and relevant for high school and collegiate coaches, club presidents, and business owners. What are the common themes among the successful Olympic programs?
He was then asked about the ever popular Ant-Man, and if that film had an update:
In the end, I hope I’ve managed to shed some light on this animator and give a different perspective of him. In part 2 I’ll try to talk more on his influences and animation style amongst other things. I leave you with a video compilation of some of his works.
The Reading would begin at 7:30 one of those times I would always remember because it was the time back in 1977 I was supposed to meet my friend John LiCastro to see "Animal House" and when I told him I hope I don't forget the time he said, "Just remember that 7:30 looks like a man with a beard."
It’s just business.
The insertion of the farmers' exemption is therefore an important result obtained by CA negotiators.
It’s so very hard
Men are usually lucky when it comes to achieving orgasm – wind it up, and it will go. But not all women have quite such an easy time of it. The vast majority of us can reach clitoral orgasm with sufficient stimulation and arousal, but climaxing through penetrative sex isn’t actually all that common. Scientists have argued for years over whether women even have a ‘G-spot’. I think we do (I know I do…), but I’m not sure how much of its existence is physical, or more emotional.
They then put in their pocket a piece of paper with the name of the person for whom the bank accounts and insurance policies were taken out.
As a spin on the usual brunch menu, I made us a Mexican Sunday Brunch. A spicy Mexican tofu scramble with black beans, green chiles and cilantro. Eat it on its own or make a Mexican tofu scramble taco with charred corn tortillas.
J Am Acad Psychiatry Law 40:1:127-131 (January 2012) – the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law.
Bella's stitches.....she started howling
“No pee pee in the bathtub.” Yes, son. You are the pee-er and there won’t be any in there if YOU don’t wee wee in it.
CHICAGO, IL 60622
p.s. I am in the process of replying to all comments from the "On Marriage and Money" and Gondola Stripe Collection jacket posts.
I have been using my own apron daily at school and loving it, though I do get a lot of the "what are in all those pockets?" It has been so nice to have my highlighter (for scaffolding name writing), dry erase markers, bandaids, reading timer, incentive stickers, and post-it notes right on hand when I need them. No more "Now where did I put that???" or crossing the room and wasting valuable time to get things. I feel a wee bit like a waitress, but consider it my "kinder-goddess" uniform.
“I can no other answer make, but, thanks, and thanks.” - William Shakespeare
With a timeless classic, Jaz sang the late Etta James beautifully. However, it has all been done before and sparked no new style or exclaimation point as to whom or what Jaz stands for.
London tubes while
And in case you are wondering I haven't been able to keep up the photo a day challenge or post much recently as have had shoulder and back problems which is aggravated by sitting at a computer, so have had to save my computer time for work only.
This is a lesson Israeli and American officials should ponder carefully in relation to Iran’s nuclear program.
So, if you're looking for ideas for your own closet, feel free to borrow my design (you can click on the image to enlarge). I'd love to hear about your project too!
It's in the $1 room that I usually find the best bargains, and a mustard woolly mass catches my eye. Eekyacht - it's a gross old knitted cardigan! It's huge but hey, it's clean! Safe to touch, I inspect the inside - yes, it is hand sewn together - this handknitted grandpa cardigan is unravellable - yay!
So it’s Valentine’s Day, and whether or not you have someone to celebrate with, you can help me celebrate my one year anniversary with one of my clients, Kasie West (isn’t Kasie hot?? But check her out and then make sure you come back because I have a lot more to say).
It was a bit uncomfortable to say the least
Oh, my god, it was Freddie, he cut his beard, hair, and was wearing a white button down shirt and dress pants.
40% of the people in the world do not remember their dreams, but thankfully, I am one of the 60%.
I followed the news of Johnny Cupcake for months. Weren’t difficult. What with him being a star and his wife giving birth to a baby girl and all. They were in every magazine on the stand.
I'm sure I'll see plenty of this on holiday in Cornwall next month so I pass this time and proceed back through the town towards the South beach and tucked down Lower Frog Street I go into the 'Crown Inn'.
No larger than a bee, it also acts like one, helping plants reproduce by transferring pollen as it flits from flower to flower sipping nectar. And it flits to a lot of flowers: These birds eat every 10 minutes. They just live life on a different scale. At a different pace.
I pick up some cut grass and drop it slowly onto my bare knees.
Next, we had a lovely Easter here at my house. The kids were each very happy with their gifts. Ruth got the movies “War Horse” and “Twilight: Breaking Dawn, Part 1″ which she was really happy with. Austin got an air pump BB Gun and we had a discussion about targets, safety, and all sorts of other things. Tara got a WHOLE bunch of “Hello Kitty” things and she was pretty happy with them all. Then they all got “The Muppets” for their joint gift and of course, they were pumped about owning that! We also had a day with Tara alone as she went to Wal Mart to the eye doctor and we now have a second child that is going to be using glasses. Apparently she hasn’t been able to see the Smart Board at school all year long, so we have them on order and should be able to pick them up before our Spring Break is over.
How do you feel about corals? Yay or nay?
This ghost story set in the arctic circle in winter is eerie and chilling, capturing well the unnatural sense of being alone and in the dark for a long stretch of time.
In lifting us from the mire
but I would absolutely love it if you decide to become one!
Thanks for sharing, Richard.
and without thinking about it, to my desk.
Ginger- 2 inch piece, peeled and chopped
I know that I've grown up being treated like a princess. I am sensitive and temperamental and I've got my head up in the clouds and I'm girlish and immature and finicky and if I can't get it my way, I sulk and panic and lock myself away in the tower that is my perfectly furnished bedroom. I'm so undateable.
Sold at Swirl Art River Valley outlet on Friday-Sunday.
Go! Go! Sports Girls knows how important it is to exercise everyday, eat healthy foods, get a good night’s sleep of 9 to 10 hours and to appreciate and be true to yourself! Go! Go! Sports Girls want to teach girls to Dream Big and Go For It!
among Wren’s interiors. See The Proposed Demolition of Nineteen City
This is today’s discovery. It is a book in two volumes, worth taking a look at. It does not match with my analysis so far, either of places or of times. Yet it has a lot of data and some original ideas (like all the talas – rasatala, patala etc are Valleys…) He starts his account of Indian history around 7500 BC (Brahma) and traces it down from there…. It gives the name of Sri Krishna’s daughter (Charumathi) and Yuyutsu’s mother (Visakha)… and so much more… The two volumes are about 700 pages long but it is a limited preview edition, so you don’t have access to all the pages anyway!
if you hold fast to the word I preached to you,
I also pulled a chair out of a dumpster. I'm not sure if it will find a home elsewhere, but I saw it turned over and fell in love with the rusty legs. It's a very good thing that I have a pickup truck.
Live And Let Die - Byron Lee & The Dragonaires (Wings N’73)
Federal financial reporting has become so murky, inconsistent and retrospective that no outsider has a clear picture of what is actually being spent, or cut. Multiple and overlapping reports are produced using different accounting methodologies. Money not spent in one year is quietly shifted into another, conveniently creating moveable baselines for advertised “cuts.” - And Don Lenihan points out yet another ruling from Andrew Scheer which will serve to insulate the Cons from any accountability whatsoever for lying to Parliament and the public - this one a requirement that anybody seeking to challenge a false statement be able to prove a direct intention to mislead. As Lenihan notes, that ruling fits nicely into the Cons' general preference for one-way "comms" over meaningful debate.
School officials issued a statement saying they couldn't discuss the case, but they pointed out a school board policy that defines sexual harassment as any unwelcome sexual advance. There is no age limit.
You see, when you are on the internet a lot and you say a lot of stuff, some of that stuff is inevitably going to be stupid. Trust me, I’ve been there. So apparently, Heather has said some insulting things, and now she is on the receiving end of quite a lot of ehate. Is it right? Absolutely not. Just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should.
Now the Attorney General or somebody needs to go back through the 2,000+ cases in which Pikett testified and determine how many convictions were based primarily on his dogs' testimony. I have little doubt that innocent people have been accused and convicted in Texas courts as a result of this flawed and untested technique.
5. . . . decorate my own house in crazy bright colors. Put a zip line out my bedroom window to the pool slide. Keep it cold enough to wear sweatshirts in July and August, even with constant use of the fireplace. Fill the yard with free range rabbits.
Who knows, maybe one day, I’ll even share the name my parents gave me at birth because I love it equally for different reasons. Meanwhile, here plunges Aurora Morealist into that great void of linguistic manoeuvering and literary license.
This year, I am trying desperately to break the cycle. Mother's Day doesn't steal my joy. Satan does. He swoops in and pulls the rug right out from under me, reminding me of all that's been lost and making me yearn for and even envy those who celebrate without the sorrow and loss. He reminds me of how I fall short and am nothing to be celebrated myself. The thing is...he can only do that if I let him. If I focus my eyes upward, I see a God who is MIGHTY to save. I see a God who has held my quivering grief filled body through each and every loss. I see a God who has shown me comfort that I would never have known otherwise. I see a God who has never left, who has wiped each tear and picked me up and led me onward.
Attack: Bite 1-2 pts, claws 1-3 pts
You think you’re clever…
Maybe the tunnel really will end.
Create a grief box. (metaphorically not literally) She told me to use her room, since we still have all her things in there, and a lingering smell favorable to Savanna only. Go in there, she said, set a timer.. whether it be 10 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, or an hour. Whatever you want, set the timer and go in there. That way you're in control. You now there is an end because you set the timer and you know when to stop.
This cake was for her son, Ansel, who turned 7 years old a few weeks ago. I also made some red velvet cupcakes with cream cheese frosting, and chocolate cupcakes with Nutella frosting, but didn't get a chance to take any picture.
1/2 cup fine granulated sugar
“Yes?” Bert questioned. He crossed his legs contently, appearing to have no intention of rising from his seated position on his friend’s trembling frame. “Well, best be out with it, before the tea wears off and I become grumpy. That will happen in about …”—he checked his watch—“half an hour, give or take a minute. As you know, I tend to take thing better after I’ve had a spot of tea.”
Hand sculpted from papier maché,
We work with students on putting the vast digital knowledge and multitasking ability they already possess into the framework of 21st century journalism.
b) DB Rows x 20
Writer- Stephen Susco (screenplay)
The Trade
It's almost seven years I'm in exile now, scared to return for fear of what they'll do to me if caught. But God, what I'd do to share just one last crack-pipe with you, or to wait at the window with the jitters, watching for a car to pull up and a small hooded black boy to get out and stroll over our way, through the front gate and ring the buzzer: 21b
Just as Dava Sobel says 'The Sun Kings' is 'a captivating , fast-paced, beautifully crafted story.' - and, I would add, essential reading.
towns, buildings, streets, where will scenes take place,
Still, I’m frustrated. But It’s ok. Maybe it’s not for us in the first place. God prepared something better for us.
She stared in horror as a crack appeared between her feet, ran across the floor, up the wall and onto the ceiling. There was a splintering whack! like a gunshot, and seconds later the room was split into two. Part of the upper floor collapsed, crushing the dining room table she had cowered under a minute earlier. A huge support beam snapped and dropped from overhead. Natalie dove out of the way, just as it swung like a wrecking ball and smashed the kitchen counter to pieces.
he can’t keep seeing it all.
“By having clinical services that are specialized and interdisciplinary, you’re providing an avenue for parents to come and present for treatment,” Leibowitz said. “That brings a lot of people out of their closets, so to speak, and shows this is a less stigmatized issue, so that people can get the appropriate assessments and treatments that they deserve.”
the scene when investigators
He said: ‘We have got a long way to go yet. We have to achieve full equality which is the removal of barriers to full participation of what I call accidents of birth. We haven’t removed these in society and we certainly haven’t removed them in the Church yet.’
Rachel's humiliation over the discovery of her late husband's affairs turns to fear when one of his mistresses sends her a poisoned bouquet. But finding the source of the killer flowers is only one step on her path to solving the mystery her husband left behind.
and the Four Days of the Grid
I've had the ARC of Cross Currents by John Shors since last fall, so I finally decided to finally get this one read. I'm about halfway through it and I love it! I love tropical vacations and the vivid descriptions make me want to go to Thailand now.
I know I’m not the only one that lost my marbles and went camping this Memorial Day weekend. How do I know, you ask. Why else the miles long processional featuring motor homes, motorbikes, and fifth-wheels, boats of all shapes and bikes strapped to every auto extremity, and absolute impossibility of fueling up at the gas station without a long wait? It’s a fact of life, long weekends mean camping here.
We all do this from time to time. Even when you’re older chronologically, there are still life experiences which place you in a young mindset or situation. We should look for the beauty and love along every path we travel, through every journey we take, over every mountain we climb. If we become too focused on an end result or a goal, we miss so many wonderful experiences along the way.
Reportedly, Mr. Sendak wasn't happy with his illustrations for this volume (he later inscribed one copy of the book with the phrase, "My first + worst") and it clearly is the work of a young artist -- a little primitive, a little messy and unpolished, but also bursting with enthusiasm, talent, and unfettered creativity.
and it made explaining the Sabbat to them easier.
Then I started to decorate. Small problem: I didn't have enough buttercream for piping. Dang! Shoulda thought of that. I think I ran out of buttercream because I had four layers and used up extra for the filling. If you try this recipe, you should probably multiply everything by 1.5.
On Twitter @RMHigh7088
But why be so negative you might ask? Here are a few things Obama did manage to do. He extended unemployment benefits because they’re no jobs as his stimulus package was too small. He also managed to cut payroll taxes, which is a back door way to defund Social Security, He helped cover up the BP oil spill in the Gulf by allowing Corexit, a toxic disbursement not allowed in other countries, to break up the oil which then dropped to the bottom instead of just cleaning it up. In other words, allowing them to hide the body.
Growing up in a tiny southern town with few diversions, I fell in love with books. Before I was old enough for school, Daddy took me to town every Saturday to buy Little Golden Books, and later, the Bobbsey Twins books, Treasure Island, Little Women, and the Mother Goose Book of Rhymes. While my brothers played softball, rode bikes, and pretended to be “army men” on secret missions, I curled up with a book. By third grade I was making up stories of my own, filling my school notebooks with tales of adventures on the Amazon, which we were studying that year, and with stories of tigers that could talk.
of war and the battle’s confusion,
"Where are you from?" he was asked, the question implying an affiliation with news media.
I also want to thank my dear friend Lorelei. She is donating a portion of her jewelry sales to me. I cried when I saw that she was doing this. I really can't believe what amazing friends I have....and now I'm crying again.
Later, as I polished off a lunch that, luckily, was NOT my final meal, I came to realize that in being blinded by the opportunity to make my very own roller coaster, I ignored the glaringly obvious fact that a glorious three feet off the ground wouldn’t do much for addressing Ryan’s dislike of heights. In fact, given we saw our five foot two inch, one hundred pound mother Hulk out in under five seconds, I’m pretty sure I scared him off roller coasters for life.
Marie Harbon has worked in both the retail and fitness industry. She has a degree in sport and fitness and taught group exercise for several years before settling into a post delivering BTEC Sport courses for two years. Since then, she has instructed dance with children and has decided to focus on writing as her main career.
Both my response and my intonation caught him off guard.
Arduino community has done great thing in creating OneWire-library, but it partly lacks some documentation, and the use of SignBit was not implemented in the example code what came with OneWire library. The SignBit tells if the measured value is negative or not. This was
TO WIN: follow ROOST, check out the Royal Design Studio stencils, and leave a comment to say which one you'd choose. And I'd love to hear what project you have in mind!
Am exhausted but I need to find an outfit for New Year's Eve, hopefully I can magic some velvet out of my wardrobe otherwise I have no idea what to wear, eeek!
Cute solar lights perfectly spaced by my sweetie adds a lil light for our evening talks on the porch. We also put in two flower beds with stacked stone and added a few porch plants in cute thrifted containers.
Well can you believe I am posting again?! haha! This is my very first card since my renovations. This past weekend we just celebrated a dear friend's "21st" birthday and so I had to make her a card. Her favorite color is blue and I wanted to make it special and different. So of course I had to go to Mama's blog to juice up my inspirations. I saw this on her blog a little while ago and wanted to give it a try. She called it a telescope tag/card. You can check out her post here. she has the links to where she got her inspiration from. I decided to use my lacey nesties for the outside and I just bought a new nesties for the largest circle called: Picot Edge Circles. It really is elegant.
I read the new text while waiting for a Christmas concert Holly was in. It's called "Praise the source of faith and learning," by Thomas Troeger. The hymnal was The Faith we Sing, 2004.
i have a theory: if you wrap something in aluminum foil, it won’t burn in the oven. it won’t have the black charred marks. it won’t be cold inside while the outer crust is burned. so i wrapped the baguette in a foil. sealed! and into the oven it went. i wanted it to be nice and warm when i served it, so i think i left it in the toaster oven for more than 10 minutes. then i took out all the spreads we had in our refrigerator, including the butter and cheese. this is like hotel breakfast at your own home. =) on the side, some lean bacon. i discovered Purefoods Lean and Mean bacon, and i am hooked! such little fat, yet crunchy! we love it!
In terms of assimilation, print and TV will both have to work on converging their online entities with their existing entities, ending the era of web operating as a separate unit. Newsrooms will have to be restructured to account for this change, and this will necessitate training staff to use and understand the value of online and weeding out those that do not and cannot change.
I found it strangely endearing to hear that the megamillionairess, eater of wheatgrass and fashion designer Victoria Beckham drove her son to school this week without remembering to put him in the car. I reckon Posh was sleep-deprived when she started to drive her son Brooklyn to school and got halfway there before realizing he was, you know, actually in the car.
Big Brother can do it: the future is blue.
Report finds digital media is dragging down U.S. VC activity, but maybe just in comparison to 2011. bit.ly/IMj1M6
If you visit at Christmas, as we did, your focus will be on the city’s fantastic Christmas markets. It provides a sensory overload of sight, smell, hearing, taste and touch combined. Stalls bristle with bratwurst on crispy white rolls with mustard, drunk with mulled wine to combat the chill, and decorated gingerbread for a sweet-treat or roasted chestnuts grilled over braziers.
Overall I think this movie is good, it’s just a shame that the script is too choppy to really focus in on the relationship of Jung and Freud. Honestly the story is almost too big to be contained in one movie and yet I don’t think it could ever sustain more than one. I think this is a case where the history is more interesting to go read than to watch. Still for lovers of Cronenberg, and people who want to delve into the world of Freud and Jung then this is a good beginning.
G. Pascal Zachary is a professor of practice at the Consortium for Science Policy & Outcomes at Arizona State University. He is the author of Showstopper!: The Breakneck Pace to Create Windows NT and the Next Generation at Microsoft (The Free Press, 1994), on the making of a Microsoft Windows program, and Endless Frontier: Vannevar Bush, Engineer of the American Century (MIT Press, 1999), which received IEEE’s first literary award. Zachary reported on Silicon Valley for The Wall Street Journal in the 1990s; for The New York Times, he launched the Ping column on innovation in 2007. The Scientific Estate is made possible through the support of Arizona State University and IEEE Spectrum.
in search of the sun
April 1, 2012 11:00 a.m. ET: Exclusive: Mashable CEO Conan O’Brien Steals and Tests Apple iTV
IV. THE NEW COVENANT
After roughly 45 minutes, Air Force One touched down with grace, its polished chrome wing flaps glistened under the sun. We thought, “Wow, that’s a pretty plane.” Once it taxied to a stop 100 feet in front of us, a parade of staff, Secret Service, and journalists exited the rear door of the massive Boeing 747. Stairs were pulled up to the front exit door, and President Barack Obama emerged with his ever-charming smile, waving to us below.
So tomorrow - renewed vigour. I have a dog - she shall be walked. I have sons - soccer will be played. I have an exercise bike - IT SHALL BE RIDDEN!
Nature is such that good breeding habits, in which genetically superior children are produced, are prolonged while bad breeding habits are shut down prematurely. Menopause is nature’s way of shutting down bad breeding habits. In monogamous and polygynous arrangements, genetic mutations are still passed on, so the SSF, if it is not sufficiently activated, eventually will shut down completely, causing the onset of menopause.
13. Spezial Rauchbier
After that, there’ll be American craft beers from all our friends all over the country: Stone, Bell’s, Sierra, Great Divide, Rogue, Left Hand, Dogfish, Founders and too many others to enumerate here.
*Spend time of course in the word since I am way behind on my bible reading for the year.
I made a series of cards for this challenge. I was inspired the Cricut American Alphabet Cart that comes pre-installed on the E2. I just love all the images on this cart. The images are super adorable and easy to layer. I just couldn't decide which one to cut! Even the scallop behind the die cuts is a blackout of a doily on the cart.
It seems to me there should be some consistency in how we define and then in how we use these terms. Otherwise we would simply be shifting our definitions for our own theological needs. Not that I’m accusing you of this, you may have some valid reasons, but I would like to know how it is Daniel 2 and 7 refers to “heaven-kingdom” and why Matthew 25:34 refers to “earth-kingdom.”
A mechanized voice growled above me.
Debra Faulk of Calgary
I used to think people did these sort of things out of a misdirected desire for connection, maybe that it’s true for some people and to some extent, but that certainly isn’t the only motive. These men don’t only pick up lonely women. They are often as successful with women who have boyfriends as with women who are unattached. I doubt all of those women really thought it would be or even wanted it to be more than a one night stand, if they’re really honest with themselves. I think sometimes we allow ourselves to be picked up because it affirms our sexuality and our sex appeal. We also need to feel like that person is worth being wanted by, thus the need for PUAs to come off as a “alpha males.” There wouldn’t be anything affirming about being seduced by a weak or pathetic man.
I’m finding that there are SO many little decisions to make about weddings that I’m often on the fence about darn near everything for a little while. This is the case with flowers. I’ve been told time and time again by recent brides that flower costs can really add up. Since we’re trying to keep spending under control, I was super intrigued when I found Rule 42′s Etsy shop.
Thomas Brunt is a sports-columnist/blogger follow his personal twitter feed here @BHS_SPORTSGUY, email him here: thesportsguy.brunt2@gmail.com
Here's an easy crash course for all you wonderful home decorators buying drapes.
#147 Shade trees
The group challenge this week takes place at Patina restaurant in Los Angeles, a Michelin star winning restaurant. They aren’t eating there, though; they are in charge of running the restaurant for the night. Tracy and Suzy won the last challenge, so they get to pick their teams. Tracy headed up the Blue Team with Adrien and Jennifer, while Suzy picked Ben and Christian to be on the Red Team.
Here are the top 5, be sure to post the banner on your blog!
Camy here! I was talking to my mom the other day about ebook readers, because my aunty has just bought an iPad which she wants to use for two main purposes: to play games and to read books.
He made me wait a year before the actual marriage.
I used Nancy Silverton’s recipe that appeared in Bon Appetit. The recipe made just enough ( 1 cup) to use in the ricotta gnocchi my family had for dinner Sunday night. The gnocchi recipe comes from Michael Symon in his book “Michael Symon’s Live to Cook.” Making homemade ricotta is more waiting than cooking. You heat the cream, milk, lemon juice and salt just until boiling, them remove from the heat and let the curds separate from the whey. Have some cheesecloth on hand to line a sieve placed inside a large bowl and pour the mixture into the bowl, trying to keep whatever curds have formed intact.
So, after a lot of hmm'ing and ha'ing I came up with this canvas. The brief: have the words "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it is about learning to dance in the rain" and for it not to be too girly as it was a wedding present.
Janet is my husband’s ex-wife. Janet is the mother of my two step-daughters. Janet has been a stalker of mine, though it appears she may have gone dormant. I don’t say this tongue-in-cheek; she truly did stalk me for about 2 years. Her methods included giving keys to the house she and her husband lived in- a house I moved into after she took their daughters and left for England- to neighbors who broke in and made copies of my journal and sent them to her, and having the same sets of neighbors raid our garbage cans once they hit curbside so that she knew what our kids were getting for birthdays and Christmas, etc. I swear to the Man Upstairs that this is the truth. (I told you my life rivaled Hollywood.)
Abdul Razak and his wife, Mazlinda Makhzan, a director in the company, top the list of witnesses submitted by Suaram, Fadiah said.
AEnima: Tool- A band that I have tended to find a bit too complex for my taste much of the time, I would say they are one of my favorites. Though out of Maynard’s bands I am a bigger fan of A Perfect Circle. No offense. I think anything he makes is great. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-IR9oNzdrA
“We’ve since had people come in again asking for it that way, so we’re going to offer it this way – complete with the chip shop bottle of sauce for that authentic experience.”
Hurry, Tuesday Child
Meanwhile, while I wait to go on a zipper run, I have a couple of pairs of pants just waiting for finishing touches. One pair just needs a hem to be wearable, so I might as well go ahead and finish them. I also picked up a couple of really nice fabrics yesterday at my local Walmart of all places. I'm not sure what's going on over there. They had downsized and rearranged their fabric department like most other stores, and it was mostly just cheap quilting cottons and a handful of ugly home dec fabrics. But suddenly they have three aisles of fabric, and some of it is really nice! I picked up a sweet piece of dark wash denim (yes, we'll have to wait and see how nice it is after pre-washing) and a pretty piece of poly suiting in an unusual taupe/brown color that will make a nice pair of pants for the office. Now if they would just get a decent stock of zippers!
And what should happen when I'm back in Rome, in my kitchen, staring at some choice pieces of beef stew meat I'd just picked up? Yes, goulash.
1 tsp cumin seeds
Same words of Fault and Forgiveness
Rewards: 1 Anniversary Token.
These days, I’m trying a new tack. I’m allowing myself to eat when I’m hungry – and my winter body is slowly losing its clout! OK, I confess, there’s a little more to it. Yes, I’m eating when I feel hungry, but I’m being a tad smarter about what I eat. I’ve stocked up on the fruit, veggies and other low-carb snacks and I’m using them as my weapons against the predictable cravings.
Young's Double Chocolate Stout (44 Stone has in cans)
So as I write this, I am feeling better about this plan of action. I suppose I didn't think things through clearly at first...or maybe I just wanted that apple pie.
produced nothing but smiles
Terry confesses that a few days ago he opened his novel again, and suddenly found a new love for the writing. He doesn’t state a reason for the change of heart, but I’m going to offer my own revelation, and maybe it will fit his also. Perhaps like me, he is afflicted with a Daemon instead of a genius. Or maybe putting a little emotional distance from the work and getting constructive feedback from the writer community was exactly what his muse ordered.
Kidd convincingly communicates, from just one aspect of the book business, the Gestalt of a book.
Your words create the environment in which your life is lived. They also set the limit and create the lid that determines how high you will go. They can destroy what you have spent years building as well as reveal what is really buried in your heart and mind.
Having convinced the room that ‘blends’ weren’t all that scary after all and we wouldn’t be sipping shandies, the next concoction landed. You’ve all heard the expression, ‘some assembly required’? This was the beer version. Blend-your-own Faro. A small plate of ‘toffeed’ candi sugar and a glass of Cantillon Gueuze with a straw for mixing was a little daunting to some. The fact that the sugar was perhaps a bit too ‘set’ made it a bit more daunting. Persistence was recommended however, and those who stuck to the task were rewarded with a beautifully balanced drink of cheek-puckering tartness tempered with an underlying sweetness that replicated the original nicely.
So we see here that each member of the heavenly Trio is not a 3-in 1, or a 1-in 3 God, but adistinct eternal Being.
There's only one problem. It ain't working.
Well, then everything would be heaven.
Synopsis: A young boy named Mike looses his parents in an accident and is having a hard time coping with death. He now lives with his older brother, whom he worships. At the same time, Mike notices that the undertaker at the local cemetery is one mysterious dude. He can lift coffins on his own! At the same time, corpses are disappearing from their graves! Did the old man just swipe Mike’s parent’s bodies to use them for some ulterior motive?
October 10th came and went rather quickly since it fell on a Monday. Anna’s actual birthday party is this Saturday, but I still wanted to honor my baby’s birth date and do a little something special for her. So, Joe and I blew up balloons the night before and put them all over her bedroom floor. Since I had to leave for work early that day and wanted to sing her Happy Birthday before I left, I decided to wake her up by showering her with balloons on her bed.
Sure you have to head to your local store and spend a few dollars but, if this projects are on your list of things to do this spring anyway, why not help support the cause.
Happy Weekend...
Of the pure ways of your mind.
We were rummaging through the book shelves earlier in search of a particular recipe when we came across Farmhouse Fare – Recipes from Country Housewives Collected by The Farmers Weekly. Like the found photo albums I blogged about a couple of days ago old recipe books open a door to other lives and past concerns. The Prawn Cocktail Years (1997) by Simon Hopkinson explores old recipes as social history in a self conscious but enjoyable way and creates a framework of particular food settings that were the height of fashion at points in post-war British history. The Fifties Hotel Dining Room, The Sixties Bistro, The Continental Restaurant, each location has accompanying recipes and amusing social history. We love recipe books that function both as a good read and a blueprint for making food (friendly wave to Elizabeth David and Jane Grigson) and The Prawn Cocktail Years is such a book, excellent as a bedside book and a good companion in the kitchen.
The Gavotte remains popular in Brittany to this day and you will often see it demonstrated during the many wonderful festivals held throughout Brittany during the summer months.
Well, use less washing up water, anyway.
Another day, another training session, multiple lessons learned…
The surprising success at Prestonpans was the tinder that sparked the initial success of the Jacobite revolt in 1745: on 21 September 1745 the Jacobite army loyal to James Francis Edward Stuart and led by his son Charles Edward Stuart (Bonnie Prince Charlie) defeated the government army loyal to the Hanoverian George II led by General Sir John Cope at Prestonpans – a few miles outside Edinburgh.
According to the BBC, Joerg Haider has been killed in a road "accident" and I believe them. Or rather I believe the bit about Haider being killed. Do I believe it was an accident? No.
Subject: BTA mini-Digest: Tour de Fat is this Saturday!
Vaccines, biotechnology and their connection with induced abortion
Lee said, “A majority of players who come here will want to play professional baseball and we want to make sure that when they enter professional baseball they have the best possible chance of being successful. It is not just about saying that ‘Hey, I played professional baseball’, it’s about giving the players a chance to be successful.”
Though separate upon our path
The interior of Indigo CS are usually unique, exciting a fascinating. Their petrol plus diesel variations are obtainable with beige homes, elegant upholstery, together with leather-wrapped gearshift knob. The most fascinating portion of the Indigo’s interior may be the instrument chaos with a light intensity adapting feature.
"Obama did not name this old girlfriend even with a pseudonym— she was just “a woman” or “my friend.” That she remained publicly unidentified throughout his rise to national prominence became part of the intrigue of his New York period’s “dark years” narrative. His physical description was imprecise but close. Genevieve is five-seven, lithe and graceful, with auburn-tinged brown hair and flecks of brown, not green, in her hazel eyes. Her voice was confident and soothing. Like many characters in the memoir, he introduced her to advance a theme, another thread of thought in his musings about race."
I am thinking of trying a couple of short stories now instead and getting those out there to get some feedback generated.
We did our very best to make sure we'd noticed all of the evil, opposed all the of the disgusting nasties. We pored over plans to send cancer patients to the jobcentre and leave disabled children to starve. They tried to make profoundly disabled adults prisoners in their own care homes, but we noticed that and got it dropped. When they tried to "re-classify" paraplegics as "fully mobile" because they have wheelchairs, we screamed about it - they dropped that too.
There are many what if stories out there, and they all manages to bring something new. And this was new and fun (and sad) to read.
Mmmm, I can smell that pumpkin pie right now!
We boarded and were happy to find that we had a set of three seats to ourselves. After a first round of airplane food, we read, listened to music, I did a minimal amount of knitting, we talked...the usual airplane time passing tricks. And we tried, pretty much unsuccessfully, to sleep. This was abnormal for me. I've been known to fall asleep before take off.
I am pleased to hear that the explanation only makes the whole thing more charming, if no more coherent. I recommend you try a bottle, should you see it. Another wonderful mold-breaking beer from Belgium, and only a smeirlap would fail to see that.
So, a few points on understanding syncretism in a polytheistic context, and from a polytheistic perspective, before we proceed on to the next section of this discussion:
(i) The suit filed before the District Court by Hilltone Pvt. Ltd of Mount Abu was a suit for groundless threats of trademark infringement. The cause of action being the legal notices sent by Hilton International to Hilltone Pvt. Ltd warning them to stop using the Hilltone mark as the same was infringing Hilton’s registered trade mark.
They will walk with you, every step of the way.
Roberts, Michael “Boat People as Blanket Categories,” www.thuppahi.wordpress.com, 20 April 2010.
Papers: Bazill- vanilla and green cardstock, Canson 300 g watercolorpaper,
We entered the Alzheimer’s ward–Alzheimer was out, so he spoke to the nurse on duty.
and energy and of the relationship between
In his free way of life he teaches us to cultivate a mind free of worry and a heart free of wishes, since these are greater treasures than anything else you can carry around in this world.
– Lenore
Compounding and intensifying these issues of race and gender, they include concerns about the deep structures of inequality in our society—inequalities of wealth, privilege, and opportunity (including educational opportunity), and the attitudes of superiority those inequalities breed. And they include concerns that, whether they intend to or not, universities like Duke participate in this inequality and supply a home for a culture of privilege. The objection of our East Campus neighbors was a reaction to an attitude of arrogant inconsiderateness that reached its peak in the alleged event but that had long preceded it. I know that to many in our community, this student behavior has seemed to be the face of Duke.
You get da real power,
Overall this is an impresssive, classy addition to the numerous Belgian bars around Tokyo (Frigo, Belgo, etc).
So......onto the Tutorial
Robert Newton & Cyril Cusack
In the meantime, I have plenty to keep me busy here at home. I have laundry to do, menus to make, shopping to do, meals to make, kids to feed and bathe and supervise and entertain. Scheduling to do and keep. Eye appointments to go to, rooms to clean, chores to oversee, homework to supervise, allowance to give, kids to hold and hug and love on. Because you know, the last part is the best part of being a parent.
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Mighty Arrow Pale Ale
After a brief re-visit with my neighbor when I thought I had broken the pipe wrench by unscrewing it too far, I surveyed my sink, and decided that it was not a big deal to just take off the bendy part. As it turns out, the fittings are plastic, and I didn't even have to use the wrench to get it off.
I have already moved all four tortoises inside. In fact, this indoor Winter season they will all be sharing a new, much larger home -- mainly due to their continued growth & expanding shell size -- which should benefit them as far as comfort & room, until it is time for them to go outside again next Spring.
In the beginning it more or less worked because we had in Pervez Musharraf a dictator who at least stayed bought. Condi Rice, arguably one of the most inept Secretaries of State since William Jennings Bryan torched that arrangement by insisting that Musharraf allow the klepotocrat Bhuttos back in to the country as 'partners, to show more democracy', and the rest is history.
Affirmative action used to be defended on the grounds that certain groups, particularly African Americans, are entitled to extra help because of the horrible legacy of slavery and institutionalized racism. Whatever objections opponents may raise to that claim, it’s a legitimate moral argument.
But with cookies and milk he’d be filled to the brim.
Drew makes sure to throw in a lot of elements that make Dungeons and Dragons what it is. This includes evil life draining swords, a strange fierce enemy for Corin to battle, several groups that have their own unique leaders, one with a powerful mage, another with a Beholder, and the use of another magical creature, in this case, a Medusa, almost as a weapon of mass destruction. The utility of these setting bits, not setting bits to the Forgotten Realms, but to Dungeons and Dragons, gives the book a homely feel. If you can bring the elements that mean Dungeons and Dragons to your group, and those will vary from group to group, then you're doing your job right.
Loeb’s lead isn’t a comfortable one as he’s just one-tenth of a second clear of team-mate Hirvonen… “The start of the stage was not good at all but the rest was good, very tight. Dani is not very far so I hope we can have a little fight. ”
Yesterday I colored up three turtle images (in the spirit of my mud team, the "Fast and Dirty Turtles".....but I promise no more mud talk....back to cards) and made the first one into a card using Deconstructed Sketch #50 and my all-time favorite OCL set, "Kona."
Lots of comings and goings from our home recently. I love the homecomings most of all but appreciate and celebrate the goings because I know that they involve adventure and learning opportunities. So here's a bit about what's up with both the kids recently....
of sense –
One of the horrors of addiction is that, as the addictive substance becomes less and less satisfying, and its negative effects mount over time, it becomes even more necessary to consume more of the substance to provide escape from the greater and greater suffering the substance is causing.
By the time you read this we will be well on our way to see Michael, Jessica and Kara.
The Green Investment Bank was awarded unsurprisingly to Edinburgh, but reading the Welsh Government's bid you have to wonder if they ever took the bid process seriously?
So thus, this post is back dated....
Tennant’s final appearance on New Year’s Day was the show’s third most viewed installment, but BBC chiefs yesterday predicted an even brighter future for the Doctor.
I would never have recognized it if my name wasn’t on it!
Here is his explanation of how he was watching out for his fourteen-year-old model/daughter:
#3 - And the third thing on my previous list, ironing.... I avoided as much as possible. Nobody said to me, hey you needed to iron that. So..... another lesson learned.
#5514 Hickory Smoked Ham for slicing $19.99 $22.99
CD's
The Dunedin City Council is facing a billion-dollar bill to maintain existing water services over the next 50 years. The forecast costs were outlined in the council’s “3 Waters” strategy, along with a warning “trade-offs” would be needed – reducing funding for some non-essential water services – to minimise the effect.
This weekend was just one of those lovely, lazy, and wandering weekends that I wish could have gone on forever. But sadly, it didn't, and I'm back to work tomorrow. But Monday is just that much closer to Friday, so I'll take it :) What were you lovelies up to this weekend? Do tell!
No new prescriptions. Not only that, they wanted to tell me how impressed they were with me. They don't get patients in here like me often, they said, and they thought it was very important to make sure I knew just how unique it really was. They didn't have to do that, because we all knew it. All you had to do is look around the unit. During our discussions, an extremely obese man in the room next door was arguing with a nurse about why he could not have hot dogs for lunch.
Saturn is just clearing its beneficial conjunctions to fixed stars Spica and Arcturus and moves back into full-on Via Combusta zone until next May.
2. She can take pictures with her boobs via an implanted camera. She also uses them as weapons, in slow motion, no doubt.
love those glittery holiday decorations.
FG: Again, I think you need to see the pictures of Rodes online then see the one of me as Rodes. Looking just like your real life character, I have to admit, made it a little easier, but on the other hand, it provided a lot of pressure because after visiting his burial site in Lynchburg, Virginia, I felt like I had a lot to be accountable for—to try to deliver a resemblance of this man, not only in looks, but character, integrity, the whole ball of wax. I read as much as I could. I visited the actual battle grounds, walked the grounds of VMI, and I even talked to him, or tried to, a few times asking for his help. I know that sounds strange but I did! Every time I put on the uniform I would say, “Ok Robert Rodes, let’s do this together”.
tongues of self glorification and burgeoning death, speak to yourselves, for
A portable, powerful air cleaner with a deep-bed activated carbon filtercan also help control the concentrations of ethylene gas in supermarkets and similar environments.
Ah, yes. I've been away far too long.
Devils and demons flee
Secondly, many of the concepts, research and understanding I have is from Sweet Poison by David Gillespie and Sarah Wilson’s Blog. For specific information I have gathered from them refer to their sources directly. I don’t want to rehash everything they say but I am using their experiences as guidance and their research as my backbone. I promise to provide any direct links to thinks I find useful where I can without copyright. If there is anyone else out there like me then I hope the information I provide is useful. For a proper understanding of what I am trying to do try the Sweet Poison website or their Facebook page. I am not having all out war on every form of sugar just fructose used to artificially sweeten things like sweet chilli sauce that don’t need it. For a proper introduction to what this is all about get David Gillespie’s book. (If your interested is piqued).
Kyle grinned and cut his eyes over to the glass bowl on the end table by the couch. Jim followed his gaze and returned the grin.
Maybe you've been following me for years. Maybe you just discovered me via a Twitter mention. Maybe you heard about me from a friend who said you should come here. If that's the case, your friend wasn't doing you any favors.
When his savings jar gets full, we deposit the money into his savings account at our local credit union. When his charity jar is full, we research charities and choose the one that speaks to our son the most. We also match his contribution to make more of an impact. It is opportunities like these that I teach Ian about how fortunate we are and how others aren’t so lucky.
or how the path would wind
My dad's favorite saying,which I truly love, is Caca pasa!! Put that in google translator. ;-D
Salted avocado.
Today will be spent celebrating him. We will have some family time. There will be some birthday boy specific meals. Bowling might also be in the evening's plans. Then tomorrow we spend the afternoon celebrating Harry Potter style thanks to his love of the Harry Potter books.
It began with the elections on 6 May, 2012, and ended with a hung parliament and no government on 12 May, 2012.
That's a tough one. You don't want to make it impossible for those, without cash to burn, to attend the reunion. Those with money may not understand why they're stuck having a camp-out reunion. In the end, I think the wise thing to do would be to claim you have no money at all and just stay home. That way, you won't have to camp, or deal with Uncle Mike's storytelling, Aunt Mimi's drinking problem, Cousin Earl's tattooed girlfriend and her parole officer, or Grandpa's Phil's gassy indigestion.
Take small pieces of dough, about the size of a large teaspoon, shape into rounds or balls and place on the baking sheet. Allow a little room for spreading. Flatten slightly.
Thought
Events open to the public include:
Tim Henry ... Mr. Sutton
Peter Murphy: vocals & guitar
On Monday, The Times accompanied the young mother to the clinic to buy more formula and Sister Thandi told her that she could not sell it to her while “the other people were around”. She was told to “come tomorrow”.
People love fizzy drink. It’s hard not to. Admittedly, I don’t anymore, but I used to be hooked. It’s like a game in a cup! Bubbles, weird sort of fizzy noise, and it tastes delicious (generally), what’s not to like?
Question Cards- Print out Question Cards on card stock. Cut out Question Cards. Laminate or cover with clear contact paper to make them last. (Use only the cards that reflect your student’s abilities.)
But neither authors nor publishers have that romantic aura. If you believe an author is by definition rich, and probably gets about £5 of the £6.99 you pay for her latest paperback, then you will feel less guilty about illegally downloading that book instead. The author can take the loss because she’s an author, and they’re rich, aren’t they, all these newspaper articles prove it. The reductio ad absurdam is that eventually nobody will earn money from writing content while every other lifestyle page has a “Grandad gets 10-book deal after showing top agent his shopping list” story – pasted from a press release because the publication can’t afford journalists any more.
This morning I stepped on my bathroom scale and it said 197. That makes me super duper happy. The last time I stepped on a scale and it was below 200 was 7 years ago. I remember it like it was yesterday. I was working at the animal hospital and we had just gotten in a new animal scale. I got on there and it said 191. I thought that was horrible. I was embarrassed to tell anyone. Today I am just considered over weight. The word obese is just a nasty word. Nobody wants to be called obese. Sure, I haven’t been no where near to skinny ever, but I never was overly overweight. After two kids and never getting active, it came like a lightning flash; or so it seemed.
The normally reserved Morgenthau was so horrified at this blatant attempt to cash in on murder that he not only turned down the request, but used some rather undiplomatic language in the process.
The English translation of My Father’s Notebook is the only book by Kader Abdolah that I’ve read. The novel is also my first and only encounter with the exiled Iranian writer who now lives in the Netherlands. But the issues Abdolah’s book highlight on life in Iran under the Shah, the heroic struggles of the leftist resistance movement, and the eventual ascendancy of the Islamist mullahs in the power struggle following the revolution of 1979, are all relevant and makes My Father’s Notebook a rewarding read.
However, the 23.4% decline in the amount spent by Spanish investors abroad is now a staggering 81% below the peak of 2007. In 2011 Spanish investors put 618 million euros into foreign property, compared to 807 million in 2010.
“Internal affairs are busy investigating the allegations made.
OK, It's definitely time to make a little fun of myself in an effort to bring me back down to earth. I'm sorry about the picture quality. My scanner doesn't work with Vista (coughcoughconspiracy) so these are pictures of pictures.
That must be the worst scenario for a writer, by the way, to lose access to their keyboard. Typing out blog posts on an infra-red rubber keypad attached to an iPad just doesn’t cut it long-term, take it from me. I tried, and only managed a couple. (It’s quite good for reading, though).
o Impulse Control – This is the most impactful EI skill according to thought leaders, Howard Book (2009) and Rich Handley (2009). Impulse control is managed by choosing time, tonality, content and demonstrating a listening engaging attitude. Extroverts usually need to dial done their engagement; introverts need to dial it up.
He used to take 6 hour long classes on the Upanishads, where he first taught my guruji all the 3 bhasyas by the Acharya-traya – Sankara, Ramanuja and Madhwa. Then he would ask her for her views and then he would state his own position on the text being taught.
So, as I was in Palm Sunday mass, and I was getting over my bad mood, I was seriously hit in the face with this question: am I going to enter His gates with thanksgiving? Or am I going to reject Jesus like a Pharisee?
It would be great if there were a law on the books that protected the right to record, photograph and expose, -in a sense the right to bear a camera (the way many in America insist laws should protect the right to bear arms.)
Hi little one. I miss you so! Are you having lots of fun with your friends up there? Are you getting excited for your birthday next weekend? I bet you are. You are after all my son, and I get REALLY excited for my birthday! I would expect nothing less from you!
Today my FOH and I took a little trip to the seaside. To Brighton in fact. We started off with a little walk through The Lanes - one of a number of Brighton's well known and recommended visitor destinations.
At my school, after studying Pioneer times, 2nd grade has a day where they celebrate the Pioneer life of long ago. The children are dressed in period costumes and have fun experiencing Pioneer times. One of our grandmothers dresses the part and tells "stories" of her travels West. After her stories, she plays her autoharp and the children dance. This is Jules dancing with one of our parent volunteers. I don't have favorite students, instead I have a whole school (250 students) of favorites. Jules is special, she loves art and I love her!
I did say I am ready to rev things up around here. Now it's time to find out what exactly I meant,so let me just type it out and we can find out together.
Petros would then apologise on behalf of the police.
6 Kinda Like Love 4:06
Somehow there’s no time.
Husband brought home some papers from work today and said he has to fill them out and return them sometime this week. I took pics to post of 3 of the pages, but want to give a brief background before I attach them. I hope you can understand what I try to convey, but I’m a little agitated right now! It’s actually so absurd to me that it’s kinda funny. I dunno, like I said earlier, maybe I’m just out of touch.
First up we have -
VG: That could well be a line from another Tim Love poem. And I’d love to know why the opening stanza is different now - I prefer the original - or at least, the one in the collection. Not sure why. But what made you change it?
I took Larry's weird vine off of the trellis, and collected as many of the just as weird seed pod dealies as I could, but know I missed some. They look like 1/4 to 1/2 inch potatoes. I used to think the vine was a perennial, but figured out it reseeds. Now that the grass is gone, I ended up weeding it out of areas beyond where it normally grows.
The interval between data points two and three, which represents summer, trends downward. When I interviewed this particular student at the beginning of this year, it was evident (and admitted) that reading had also taken a vacation during the summer. The data points support this. Unfortunately, a short summer devoid of reading holds the potential to erase all gains made during the previous academic year. The following academic year is then spent attempting to recapture what a lack of summer reading has taken away. Yes, this student made progress this year. For that, I'm ecstatic. But that progress came with a cost because this student finished the year only slightly ahead of where they left off last academic year. All of this student's hard work during seventh grade barely surpassed the reading level left behind at the end of sixth grade. What does it look like when a student reads during the summer? See for yourself.
Eventually, living alone will be too dangerous. You should sit with someone who loves you and discuss your different options. If there are no family members who are able to take you in, there are many places that cater to people as they are growing older. Retirement communities are ideal for people who don’t require assistance.
The Sandcastle estate, set on 11.5 acres, features 31,000 sq. ft. of living space on three floors, which include 12 bedrooms, 12 baths, and recreational amenities such as a pool, tennis court, skateboard half pipe, rock climbing wall, squash and racket ball court, two-lane bowling alley, full bar and disco, and a spa. It was originally built by Joe Farrell, founder of Farrell Building Co. in Bridgehampton, as his own residence, reports newsday.com, and has been rented for $500,000 per two-week stay. The asking price has been reduced from $59.5 million.
Also today, Chloe finished reading "Lord of the Flies." Why? For entertainment. Because it's relevant to her life, having been mentioned in a vlog she's been enjoying. Because it's classic fiction that gets mentioned occasionally and she was curious.
“It appears that many misconstrue ‘frugality’ with ‘miserly’ which means to compromise, be stingy and parsimonious, connoting unhappiness in saving money. To be frugal, by simple definition, is to not be wasteful,” she explains. “By living thrift, we are not depraved.”
Both lean into simple melodies, but adapt them freely with jazz elaborations. Both like the occasional freakout, aided by Rudy Royston, whose drumming ranges from pattering grooves to a whiplash ferocity which would make you lean back if the seats in Cheltenham’s impressive new Big Top allowed it (they don’t).
By the way, RPI is currently 5.6%, and a more realistic measure of the financial increases people actually have had to shoulder. Some people will tell you that USS had no choice but to switch to using CPI instead of RPI because the scheme follows the measure used by official pensions, and so when official pensions switched to CPI, then our pension had to too. This is partly true, but it was also within the power of our trustees to break the link with official pensions.
game changer.
sensation of steel peel through my outer layers
Learn more at:
I will give your more details as soon as I hear from you, including the sharing ratio.
So do ponder on this … … there are so many possible subplots, you might just … er, lose the plot? The trick … make complex seem simple.
the Cuban people. He is a professional paid for by the U.S.
I won some super cute vinyl labels from Ginger Snaps a few weeks ago, and they are the perfect accent for the canisters. I used my blue chalkboard marker and…….
First, I'd like to clarify that I try to avoid thinking and speaking in "shoulds." If my post gave the impression that I think people should dress according to societal norms of what constitutes "professional," I apologize. I was just trying to talk about my own relationship to "professional" dressing. Maggie certainly sensed, though, that I do wish more people were willing to acknowledge that how you dress your body matters. In our About the Blog page, we quote Tim Gunn, who has said "I believe in the semiotics of clothes: the clothes we wear send a message about how we're perceived. Accordingly, it's important that we each accept responsibility for how we present ourselves to the world." I'd like to invite you all to take a look at that page, especially those of you who are newer readers of the blog, because that's where we've tried to explain what we imagine as the purpose of our blog. I'd also like to encourage you to visit (or re-visit) my Henry James Textual Analysis post, in which I wrote a little bit more about my own conception of how and why language matters as a parallel to how and why dressing matters.
20. Tilda Swinton (We Need To Talk About Kevin)
Should be fine.
The word circadian comes from the Latin, circa, meaning about, and dies, meaning day. These cycles are not exactly 24 hours long, hence the “circa.” Each chemical has its own cycle of highs and lows, interacting with and influencing the other cycles.
Friday's the day.
Update: So the Doc ended up having to cut me open. I had a dermis cyst (if you get squeamish DON’T Google that!!) growing on my right ovary which was too large to remove via the scope. Surgery took about 2h and I’ll be in hospital till Sunday. I’ve had 2 shots of pethadine; which rocks; but otherwise the pain is manageable!
Oh lord, yeah!
The cobbler made shoes for clowns in the circus across the road and when i paid him I realised he was crippled.
If I get involved in playing music again outside my teaching work I think it's going to be simply because I want to, and not because I'm being paid to. That'll probably mean playing free improv (see video, below) and there's not much chance of running into anyone who's into that round here, although you never know.
Chuck Mangione - Flugelhorn, Rhodes Electric Piano
Local analysts in the wake of the most recent attack in Kabul stated that this was a likely occurrence, and that the tried-and-true approach of holing up in a building that’s under construction and launching RPGs probably wouldn’t be repeated.
1/4 teaspoon cloves
Happy it should be.
I wish you a very healthy and prosperous New Year.
Oh, and if you’re wondering when you’ll get to see the story, the answer is soon. I’m hoping to run one a week leading up to the games starting late this month or early next month. So far, I’ve tried weightlifting, tumbling, fencing and archery. Are there any others out there you’d like to see me try my hand (or foot) at? Let me know at jjag@santacruzsentinel.com.
I prefer to keep most things put away (and off counters), but I think this Headband Organizer looks cute in the bathroom. It may be the main guest bath in the house, but it's also the kid's (when they aren't invading ours!). I painted the monogram letters the same green as the stepstool (which, by the way, is holding up grand with the shower curtain liner and fabric).
Less-developed Asian countries showed some improvement from the 2010 index, but probably not as much as governments would like. Indonesia’s well known logistics bottlenecks place it 59th overall in the world. That’s better than the 75th place showing two years ago, but even lower than where it was in 2007 when it ranked 43rd. All that bouncing around still leaves it decidedly in mediocre territory.
Jonathan Soffer, a tenured history professor, told me that, though he thinks there should have been a vote by faculty, the deal promises "not only financial stability, but library resources and being part of a great university." While some other university mergers have not gone well, "it seems worth the risk."
- Annual penalties on individuals who do not have health insurance (up to a maximum of $695/person)
3. Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Bake for 50 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. (180 degrees in the thigh meat, and 165 in the breast.)
It works just like heroes 3, the ground rules are the same, only this game is extraordinarily beautiful down to the last detail.
Of course they want the students to side with them and reject the actual scientific proofs and be good little Christian boys and girls so they can assure the cultural reproduction of the fundamentalist creationist ethos.
Bake 11 to 13 minutes or until light golden brown. Remove from cookie sheet to wire rack; cool completely.
A significant amount of at least 10% of the scotland italy tickets in regard to real estate remains a proverbial hot property in Italy to rebuilt its economy and to later emerge once again became a fragmented group of city states, and the scotland italy tickets for Europe while under the scotland italy tickets for investment real estate is selling at a roadside ristorante in a modernized shell. The land on one hand offers unmatched simplicity and the scotland italy tickets from Milan to Rome will be spoiled for choice.
Someone you could lend a hand
Eventually we made it out of Miami and onto Highway 1. The first highway in the U.S. I don’t know if this means it was the first one ever, or it’s just the first one they got round to numbering, but it’s number one! The road ahead was long, and we drove for several hours, all getting to know each other better. Listening to Sergio and Corstan talk was humbling, both using English as a second language and communicating with what appeared to be ease as they claimed that their limited vocabulary was made things difficult. We took a break for food at a Waffle House, which was my first real experience of the American diner.
to listen
Next we have one of my current favorite performers Cody Rhodes defending HIS Intercontinental Championship against the largest athlete in the world, The Big Show. Cody has been 1 upping the Big Show for weeks now.
In March, I signed up for a 5K training coach through the Nike website. Each day there were instructions for what I was supposed to do. I did really well keeping up with the instructions except for the last month. I fell off the grid because my shoes kept hurting my feet. I ordered new ones and I decided to take a break until they came in. I was told my order would take a month, and I didn’t believe it. It really did though.
The shao-long bau are so much fun to eat, there's even have little instruction cards on the table. Just dip one into sauce, pop it on your spoon and nibble a little hole in the side, suck out the delivious soupy stock then gobble the dumpling up! The flavour in these little suckers is fantastic, and the skins are lovely
 Main Titles (Multi-Angle) With Commentary by Tim Miller of BLUR Studio
-My massive adrenaline rush after my first book signing last night. A HUGE thank you to all of you who came out to the library last night to listen to me share about my quilts and my new book. The evening totally excedded my expectations. YAY!!! After that, how could I sleep? The way I see it, if you can't sleep, why not quilt?!? :) I finished this top about 1 this morning. :)
These hedgerows are my home, and in time they'll be my food and my medicine too. A little while ago, I was interviewed for the wonderful Plant Healer Magazine. It was a long and in depth interview with lots of photos and a focus on wilderness. Do order a subscription, it's lavishly presented and packed with herbal wisdoms and wonders.
Every relationship starts off with its rocky points. We are so perfect together, our rocky point has to be the distance between us. All in all I would say that’s not too bad and certainly can be overcome.
At certain times, however, it has awoken. Why is unknown. At times of crisis it seems more likely to do so, but whether they wake it or it causes them is unclear. And occasionally, it has arisen in times of peace. But two constants do remain in its awakenings - the first is that it always has a message for someone, usually of great importance for some reason or another. Which, unfortunately for their recipients, are almost never clear; once it told an ambassaor to be sure to put out his fire before journeying. Which he did, sweeping the ashes well into a fireplace, and making sure they were quite cold. However, a lantern that he didn't extinguish burned down half of the forest the elves live in when he knocked it over while he slept.
Attending the PGA show with Mac & Brendan. Brendan is coming down from Isle of Palms, SC.
At 8:20 am, three years ago today,
la la la la la
This pizza was seriously the easiest thing I have ever made. I slathered it with sauce (pesto on one because my mom isn't a tomato sauce fan, and organic marinara sauce on the other), sprinkled it with low-fat Mexican blend cheese, and then loaded it with vegetables.
The real attack, however, was yet to come -- and no surprise, from Charlie Murphy. Although Mitchel had continued with his vow to eradicate police corruption, an educational reform policy was viciously attacked from both ends, from Murphy's Tammany pawns and from William Randolph Hearst's New York World. The attacks worked; Mitchel, a Catholic, lost the support of the poor Irish Catholics who believed the education reforms would only benefit the rich. By the end of his term, the Boy Mayor was soundly defeated by John Francis Hylan -- bringing Tammany back to City Hall.
Towards the end of September 2010 it became apparent that the material my employees were passing to me by for approval no longer matched the standards I required. Said material being either jaded, listless, predictable, nonsensical or too long(respectively a Heat magazine parody; a spoof Dilbert strip titled The Adventures of Dalekbert; fake TV programmes; a picture of Davros wearing a t-shirt labelled 'Team Evil' for no reason anyone could explain; and a five hundred panel depiction of the making of an episode of Doctor Who using scenes from the Bayeux Tapestry). As a result I determined to put Shouting Into A Well onto hiatus.
Prima Flowers and Lace
Most importantly you need to have the rail passes stamped first thing if you want unlimited travel on the first day of travel. In most, if not all, airports, there is a railway counter you can go to. Remember, you need to purchase this rail pass in your country before arriving at any European city.
The only downside is now Carly is sometimes left out because she is still "a baby."
There are some excellent tattoos on display not just of words but also images either taken directly from books or inspired by them. Some of them are arguably not literary tattoos but rather typographic ones but there are very few of these.
Chris White (piano)
To share with you, I started planning 2 months in advance which gives ample time to take care of essentials and avoid any last minute of surprises. In my next post I will share with you more details on the essentials and some of the common issues that cropped up in the organizing phase.
Sketches, notes, brainstorms and any ideas on paper will be scanned and placed on the blog to show the development of this project, I will also be evaluating my own work, mentioning were improvements could be made and giving my feedback on using the software at hand.
So many of my early moves were due to burned bridges; out of options for making it 'work" in one locale, I picked up and moved somewhere else, hoping for a fresh start. Some of the moves were due to the military or other jobs. In fact, I could list and explain each one of the moves in a way that would make sense to even the most analytical mind.
Chang may yet have his day in the sun, however, as the ongoing political crisis in China reveals the institutional weaknesses of one-party rule.
Now…The new 2012 PointsPlus plan! I go to my meetings on Friday’s- so the full scoop on this plan will be discussed this coming Friday. Since they gave all of the updated info already online, I was able to read about it last Friday. My leader did tell us a little bit since she knew most of us would be needing some sort of explanation as to why we were shorted daily points. lol
Today I thought it would be fun to make a banner for my daughter's bedroom door. I used some Country Drive 6x6 papers from Echo Park and then layered all of the Die-namics together. I started with the Jumbo Banner Day STAX Die-namics as the base and then added the very fabulous Fishtail Flags STAX Die-namics and of course, Mini Circles Doily Die-namics paired with By the Letters Uppercase Die-namics for her name.
I was feeling really good through the first six miles. My stomach had evened out, we were holding a good pace, really it was shaping up to be a good run. The all of a sudden the 1:55 pacer flew by us. It definitely surprised me a bit, not because I felt like I would be able to stay ahead of her, but for the longest time she was a good distance back. I knew if I wanted to stay under two hours I couldn't really slow down. Shortly after that was when we started in on the hills. Again, nothing major, but enough to make the pace a little tougher to hold.
Simplified, I'm the singer and Honey is the guitarist. I pretty much stick to vocals but I like to contribute the occasional easy-to-play part on an easy-to-play instrument... I'm no musician. Honey contributes more to the overall soundscape and always manages to create some very interesting sounds with guitars and general wizardry... not to mention some wonderful chord changes for me to write my vocal melodies over.
Service:
Despite the global reach of the brand, the BMW customer is motivated by the same core desires and values.
But I had not yet reached that when Bolero came along.
*Update on 8/9/07: I must have looked ordinary enough because I booked the job!
But I really want the orange blob (which when looking closer, the top part is like a flame — more cuter saying orange blob)! It’s just so adorable and you can never feel sad after watching this advert. I love the bit where it’s looking at itself on the laptop ^__^
Why Heartland? And how did the “leaker” get his hands on authentic Heartland board materials that are obviously the source for the faked strategy memo? The Heartland Institute sponsors the most significant annual gathering of climate skeptics, usually in New York, Chicago, or Washington, D.C.—a conference that attracts hundreds of scientists and activists from around the globe, including most of the top skeptical scientists, such as MIT’s Richard Lindzen, Yale’s Robert Mendelsohn, and career EPA official Alan Carlin. By assembling a critical mass of serious dissenting opinion, the Heartland conference dispels the favorite climate campaign talking point that there’s virtually no one of repute, and no arguments of merit, outside the -so-called consensus of imminent climate catastrophe.
13 Then they hasted, and took every man his garment, and put it under him on the top of the stairs, and blew with trumpets, saying, Jehu is king.
Actually, i don’t like the cold at all its true!
Last month I got one very important and very shocking/exciting/scary/heart-in-my-throat phone call that went like this:
As for me, I continue to ignore the wishes of my neighbors and the numerous ordinances the town has enacted against me and play Auld Lang Syne on my bagpipes in front of the house at midnight, on New Years Eve. I’m sure they secretly enjoy it and are just too shy to say. Other performances this year with the full pipe band, have included St. Patrick’s day at several pubs in the Des Moines area, and four different parades. Short, rainy, cool parades, beat long, hot, humid parades.
While walking around an antique mall a couple of weeks ago I lucked up on this blue and white transferware plate called Old Britain Castles. It was $12.99 for this dinner size plate. I really was trying to find two of each plate design so I kept looking around. I found another one at the same mall, but it was $26.99. Nope, nada. So the hunt continued.
I have been pondering this for a while now and thought maybe writing it down will help my mind pass on over it as there is nothing to be done at this point about it.
And if Lowry, whom Barro presents as some sort of fearless, truth-telling, Renaissance Man, were to fire Derbyshire, would he then be taken seriously by black Americans? Of course, not. He already sucked up to bloody, black supremacist, Al Sharpton, and that didn’t help. If Lowry wants to stay in business, he needs to worry about being taken seriously by white Americans.
Challenge 26: to post December 16
The conclusion was very exciting, and every plot thread was wrapped up. Even though it had a satisfying resolution, it does feel like there is room for sequels since more adventure is probably in store for Kiram.
Boogaard is still young in his late 20's and I thought from the moment we acquired him it was a tremendous addition. He will no doubt miss a little time, and while he does, I can only fix my mind on one person; Colton Orr.
His Ray Bans, and is now lost.
Love paranormal romance, werewolves and ethereal spirits? Then this book is for you! From Amazon UK
to see.
FG=1.013@72F
Cumin powder- 1 tsp
Second, remember those nasty ethics violations of Newt’s? The ones that cost him the highest Congressional fine in the history of the House? Yes, those. Gone and forgotten? No way. Newt’s like a hyena, protesting that it was a long time since he slashed at little Caroline.
Louie looked down McDonald towards Avenue C, the lights of another F-train could be seen far in the distance. The yellow headlamps of the train slowly moved out from the Ditmas Avenue station and downwards towards the tunnel opening near the Gel spice company.
The decor and ambiance of the Hollywood Tower Hotel blew me away, first and foremost. It was so eerie and so authentic. It really felt like I had entered a building that had suddenly been abandoned...everything still in the same places the guests had left them with cobwebs and dust covering them. Then we went to the library and watched the Twilight Zone movie. So so cool!!
Bachmann's congressional spokes-tool, Becky Rogness, said Bachmann now enjoys dual citizenship with the US and Switzerland: "Congresswoman Bachmann's husband is of Swiss descent so she has been eligible for dual-citizenship since they got married in 1978. However, recently some of their children wanted to exercise their eligibility for dual-citizenship so they went through the process as a
I see that so many of my favourite bloggers already have this award. It would be quite difficult to find ten, so I’m going to just choose the first four that popped into my head.
Bath Melts Tutorial
Drink out of a water bottle HERSELF
For a long time I yearned to love it
Though the young druid was less versed in histories, Anselme recognized signs of worship of Telophus, an old and long since seemingly forgotten god of crops and the seasons; Anselme was barred passage to the innermost sanctum of the grove, but parted ways on what seemed to be reasonable terms with the rogue druids and returned to his compatriots soon after. Meryk and Pandora were wary of the works of the Reclaimers in the face of the Desolation, but neither could muster sufficient cause to prompt further provocation at the time; resigned to revisiting such later, the party made their way back to the camp that they might prepare for their next venture into the Desolation…
Drain your pasta well and add to the bacon/garlic mixture. It's important that you do this while the pasta is still hot! Toss well with tong. Take off of the heat.
Madeleine is now saying it's hers and she is going to start feeding her!
Ethan has gotten soooo brave and is loving the super high tube slide from the top of the giant rocket...makes this mama a little nervous, but I suppose he's growing up and there's no stopping him! (This isn't it...he's just being silly on one of the little ones! Couldn't get a good pic inside the tunnel as he was whooshing down at lightning speed!)
I sing
I wish her the most excellent day.
At GCCF they have several vocational/work areas for the offenders. These areas were designed so they can be utilized in a variety of programs (i.e. wood shop, electrical shop, etc) and customized as needed. There is a paint booth on site and we were told that GCCF offenders will maintain state vehicles at the site.
So David Beckham goes out to play France by himself
In August 2005, Human Genome Sciences, Inc. (HGS) was granted a European patent over the gene and amino acid sequence for Neutrokine-alpha, a new polypeptide that is a member of the tumour necrosis factor (TNF) superligand family. The HGS scientists had identified the gene sequence for Neutrokine-alpha by bioinformatics (that is by using computational and statistical techniques to solve biological problems) rather than the standard route of a lab-based technique. As a result, HGS had speculated in the patent application as to the possible applications of the protein on the basis of what was already known about other members of the TNF family. Eli Lilly had brought opposition proceedings against the HGS patent at the European Patent Office (EPO) and launched revocation proceedings against the UK equivalent of the patent. Lilly claimed that the patent was invalid for lack of industrial application because HGS's predictions as to the activity of Neutrokine-alpha were speculative. HGS responded that, when the patent was applied for, other members of the TNF family had been shown to have industrial application.
I’m sure you can see where this is going.
So since that post is no longer, let’s go ahead and replace it with some real content.
"Can you do me a huge favor? Would you mind commenting back where you stated that my book had so many errors and maybe just reference the blog post above so people realize that I do take editing seriously? I always have had my books professionally edited. In fact, my most recent ms is being shopped next week to the big 6:-) Editing is my pet peeve and I was horrified by the
6. Let the person who tagged you know when you’ve done it!
Shower gel
I understand, I really do. Love is hard. It's work, and it often doesn't work out. I've been really lucky, though. Twenty-two years ago (sheesh, but I'm old), the hubby and I had just started dating (Jan. 19th was our first day, if you remember, the Eve of St. Agnes). Nearly a month later, we were going to a party together at a friend's house, and I spent a panicked week trying to figure out what to give him.
“Forget the bloviating ‘experts’ urging us to punish the poor and middle classes for the failures of Wall Street and the gluttonous rich. This book strips bare the myths of ‘free market’ economics and shows us what our economy really needs to do: create the most happiness for the most people for the longest time. It’s a refreshing blast of truth in these confusing and divided times.”—Peter Barnes, co-founder of CREDO and author of Capitalism 3.0
Price: $21.99 at BC Liquor.
1:15: The bow has now sunk so far that water is lapping against the Titanic’s name, and the ship has taken on a distinct list to port. At this time passengers begin to grow alarmed, and the boats begin to leave the ship closer to capacity (though by now 6 of the ship’s 16 lifeboats have already left, including Boat 8 which the Countess of Rothes and her cousin boarded, and Boat 3 carrying Mrs. Charlotte Cardeza and her son).
2010.08.16 Iraq Muqdadiya 4 9 Four Iranian pilgrims on a bus are targeted and killed by Sunni bombers. Women and children are among the victims.
Screenshots at 630am CDT 4/29/2012:
Stir.
It is great projects which includes upgrades, installations and wireless networking, and I am loving every minute of it!
Prabhupada: Who is that rascal?
appear human
-Paper-
No fishing line, no hooks...how do you catch a fish?
Step 3: Cut strips of paper to wrap around the candy bars. I used scrapbook paper, make sure it doesn't have a pattern on the back. This was a good way to use up some that I had in a stack and probably wouldn't have picked to actually use in my scrapbook. I cut mine 1.5" by 4".
I hope that being in front of screens so much less will make more magical motherhood moments happen, or at least help me see them better. I had one this morning as I dropped the girls off at school. After the doors closed I heard Noble say, "I wanna go to school with my girlie friends."
I'm starting to think they might be...
Renzo bench. Will mentioned that this bench would work well at a dressing table, at the foot of a bed, or as a window seat. It can also double as a small table, without the cushion of course, thanks to its metal mesh seat.
The TEKKEN® Hybrid Extreme Edition also includes:
- Princess.
was reportedly sold to the
2. Link to posts that I think best fit the following categories:
Not to be dissuaded by such things as 'facts', however, Poor No More's makers have seen fit to portray Sweden as one of the places "where people do not have to beg, where housing is affordable and university education is free."
42) Senator Obama Criticized President Bush’s Abusive Use of the Patriot Act; and then used the same Patriot Act to get Osama Bin Laden; That’s OK because abusing a Law is different than using the Law correctly.
Are there any among us that cannot sympathize with the panic many of us feel this time of year? Check out me-ander and It's "That" Time of The Year, Again, Food Inventory. As someone who has tremendous anxiety in the weeks before Passover, I can so relate to this.
I have to admit after reading the book this summer I was very excited to get started and then became quickly overwhelmed but then once I got started I was thrilled with how well my kindergartners did at their stations. So first off how do I organize it, see my blue pocket chart. I have 12 Math Work Stations or at my school we call them Zones and students work each day with one partner at their zone for about 20 minutes.
Seasoning: 1tsp oil, ¼ teaspoon mustard seeds, a pinch of hing (asafetida), a few curry leaves, 1 dried red chilli.
And then this happened... Robert ordered a bucket of Pacificos....
Twelve (12) Lady Rawhide pages (7 by Mayhew, 5 by Maroto).
So rudely forced; yet there the nightingale 100
If you necessity to dramatically gain power, evolve original habits of mind. Rite a nearedian and you'll see that she has housebroken her listen to wait for the "diametric viewpoint" on familiar things. You can educate your head to do the said.
This boy is my first born, and it's his birthday.
At that time people began to call on the name of the Lord.
Note the word "presumed."
Breakfast at Tiffany's: The Official 50th Anniversary Companion
Method for Lemon Curd Filling
(can you find Mark Aitken – ME!)
So… sorry, man. My bad.
As I said, being in remission during the time that this book was being in remission helped in ways I can only appreciate now, as someone experiencing the beginnings of a relapse but still writing. Being sick, without a doubt, impacts a person’s writing. If there isn’t a medication giving you brain fog and making you forget half the stuff you planned to write, there’s the fact that you’re clinging to a toilet for dear life and picking up a pen and paper is the last thing on your mind. It boils down to the moments in between, when things are quiet. The pressure is on to squeeze as many meaningful words onto paper in those rare moments as possible.
When I moved to Alaska, I was the last one packed, so I left quite a lot of my things behind and took very little with me-mostly clothing. All of my other things-things that would have been perfect for a girl, were left behind. When all possessions are left behind, what do you have left? Your scriptures, your journal, and some clothes to keep you warm.
There is so much more that could be written here. (Un)fortunately life is too short and some stuff just beggars belief. Please send me cheese. (And cardamom, cloves, cayenne pepper, and turmeric: Ange)
The company I work for is renovating the floors in the building I am in, floor by floor (we have offices in five different buildings downtown), and the 10th floor, where my office is, is next. So we spent a few days this week packing all of our personal items and all of the files for our project and the movers are moving us to the 9th floor tomorrow. I was at work at 6:45 (my normal start time... I know, I'm nuts) and by 10am pretty much anyone who would have work to give to me was gone. I had a little stuff in my inbox that I decided to get through before leaving so that I can spend time on Monday unpacking and getting settled. I left the office at 11:15, got myself some new sandals (a great pair of Birkenstocks), went to Walmart, had lunch... and then came home and created.
my first iphone pic * quiet walk on our trail * fluke nap at 10am under the coffee table ::
Saturday we met friends to go to the RV Show. They’re shopping, and it’s so much fun to go along and look at all the goodies out there! They came home for dinner, and another couple joined us, and we ate and laughed and played cards until bed time.
1/4 cup coconut oil
*Downloadable photos online (uploaded on facebook within 12hrs after the event)
Sentiments: computer generated
Read the book–Let It Go: Forgive So You Can Be Forgiven by T. D. Jakes. You won’t regret it. Learn to let it go. (BTW, I’m on chapter 4 and yes, I will probably share more revelations as I go. Consider yourself warned).
But I'm getting the feeling that with the rise of this new inquisitional, totalitarian new religion of Atheism, that your Jack Kirby's and your Neil Gaiman's and your Philip K Dick's and your Alan Moore's and your Chris Carter's will be filtered out before they can even begin.
KRIS: But it’s SPAGHETTI squash?
Normally I like a mindless project to work on while TV. This wasn’t mindless, it was mind numbing! I’m not really bashing crochet, this is just my personal angst after all those ripples done years ago. I could have knit this, but one “live” stitch on a crochet hook is easier that 235 of them on knitting needles, especially when you’re working and then quickly hiding the project when the recipient pops in unexpectedly. This was originally going to be a surprise gift while we were gone. It was a surprise alright, he got it unfinished!
i know that sounds like a lot of explanation, but i wanted to drive that home, because it might seem like it makes more sense to choose the image that you want to appear first in your animation as you base image, and then go in that order from there. but if you do that, your animation will play in a backwards order. and it might seem counterintuitive for your earlier animation frames to have higher layer numbers. but if you start renaming all the layers, it can get confusing, especially if you have several. you could also move layers around... but again, it could get rather messy if you do that. i'm trying to limit the steps and keep it as simple as possible. so i think it's best to just let Photoshop number them as you add them and leave them as is.
I’d be very happy to tell you what kind of soup it was, but I must admit that stupidly — and unusually for me — I failed to write down any details of my trip (ask my mom about our road trip to British Columbia where I wrote down every single thing we ate on the entire trip). All I know is that it was the Soup of the Day on a Monday, it was orange colored and maybe a little bit spicy but not too much, and it was absolutely delicious. If anyone can help me out I’d be eternally grateful, and a little less embarrassed.
The dilemma, called the “faint young sun paradox,” has been know about since the 1950s and was popularized by Carl Sagan. Geochemists and solar physicists have wrestled for answers all these years.
Their snouts were buried
2010.07.26 Pakistan Darra Adamkhel 5 0 Three children are killed when Islamic terrorists fire a rocket into a family home.
I wish to thank a few fellow bloggers for inspiring me to have a go. Without their knowledge and advise I doubt I’d be posting anything tonight…
A Bend in the Road (2001)
It's funny, I'd been looking for nesting tables, and when I want something specific, I rarely find it. These little tables were perfect for my needs...which include a "hen party" tonight and a buffet for a dozen of my favourite women. So they had to be READY...and they are! I re-glued and stabilized and did all the things we "trash to treasure junkies DO..." stripping, sanding, redoing...you know the drill! I thought initially that I'd paint the whole table, including the top...
Manchester United face North West rivals Wigan on Wednesday, knowing that they lead the race for the Premier League title by eight points.
The events provided the attendees an overview of the project, including its rationale and the benefits to participating companies, and solicited their support and input in reducing China’s carbon emissions. Companies were likewise introduced to the International Standards and best practices such as ISO 50001 (Energy Management System), ISO 14064 (GHG Inventories), and PAS 2050 (GHG Assessment). #
I’m so happy that I’m getting more and more subscribers! I want to say thank you to all of my readers for being a part of my blogging journey. You don’t know how happy you make me feel. So far, I have a total of 61 subscribers!
Mothers who have gone before me understand and mothers who have yet to go through this stage do not look forward to it. 2012 is the year my first child will be graduating from high school and I will be learning to let go a little bit more. There are a plethora of books on raising toddlers and there are books that guide you into your empty nest stage of life, but what about the stage where you are asked to release one child a little bit more and let God takeover. My children were dedicated in church as infants, made the decision to follow Christ at various ages and I know God loves them even more than I do. But while growing up they still needed me to guide them, educate them, and love them when they were hurt or disappointed. That need is waning and what has amazed me is the amount of sadness I have felt this year as I learn to let go of my first child.
Aired with poetic symmetry
* ridicule my beliefs
Was my dream a warning of what was to come? Was she trying to let us know that we wouldn't get to hold her forever.....
He laughs. Then says "Well, it is very third world of you... "
Some Republican Senators have an even better idea: Abolish the Federal minimum wage altogether. They sponsored a bill that would let states set their own minimum wages below the already inflated Federal minimum wage. This measure would have given states the ability to compete to see who could pay workers less, helping small businesses and attracting new businesses. Some of the poorer states in the South, for example, could set their minimum wages at zero, which would allow family farmers to pay their workers by giving them room and board or scrip instead of cash. They could import workers from places like Africa, where just earning a little food and a roof over their heads would represent a significant improvement in their living standards. The South would finally rise again with this kind of economic stimulus.
Now hidden away in an early part of Lord Hodge’s judgment is a suggestion that the agreement between Ticketus and Rangers might be struck down because under company law agreements are void if a company provides financial assistance in order to buy its own shares. However, this is a bit of a red herring to some extent. if the contract survives, and Rangers do not go into liquidation, then Rangers will have to implement that contract in future, or breach and risk liability in damages. If the contract is struck down then the money Ticketus paid will become immediately recoverable from Rangers because Rangers will have received money with no legal basis for receipt (in legal terms Rangers would be unjustifiably enriched). In the event of liquidation of Rangers whether or not the Ticketus contract is valid is completely irrelevant. (note)
Walter has just burst into Nina's office, announcing that he has figured out how to get William back from the dead (or from the disintegration of his atoms that happened when he gave his electromagnetic energy to save Olivia, Peter and Walter when the three of them were trapped in the other universe... not sure it's the same thing...). He grabs the bell and the little hammer William gave Nina, and...
I’m not usually the type to discuss my body with others, especially online. When it comes to being a woman, there is a sort of comradery that we enjoy. We talk about sex, food, and things that happen to our bodies with great candor, because we can all relate somehow. Women take care of each other and share with one another. So I’m going to share my story about the havoc that my body has wreaked on me starting last night…
I haven't made them yet, so there's no pic. If I get them made before the drawing, I will post one. I'm thinking freshwater pearls for this set. I've got quite a few loose ones that need a purpose in life.
I think about family and friends and the ways in which these lines blur and cross-over, and how biology and non-biology are both a part of this, and also irrelevant in many cases. What is it that holds relationships together? The shared histories and futures? Interconnections and responsibilities? What is it that hangs out in the spaces in between bodies/people? I think about love for each other and memories, laughter and tears.
I am almost afraid of him. I don't know what to say or do around the erratic part of him, and it is here, bubbling just beneath the surface of what he does, just like the cruel part of me. We both have war inside of us. Sometimes it keeps us alive. Sometimes it threatens to destroy us. (p. 242)
this small one to boost my energy
Note: No one will ever do this category justice, because Japanese society is filled to the brim with cute things. This is merely a feeble attempt at giving insight into the cuteness of Japanese society.
Invert the bottle top (funnel) into the bottle. It should be a snug fit (given the equal diameter of the funnel top and bottle shaft), but if necessary, secure it with tape.
Older saints… God is not finished with you yet… Build your life around the Lord… Rejoice…
“The sphere of rebirth is a gift to us. It is a promise of new life tomorrow. No matter our beliefs, the rhythm of nature is alive and well in both the physical world and in the spiritual realm. We should recognize and smile at them as they surely smile upon us.”
… and a good excuse to see a beautiful Tuscan hill-town that I had heard so much about…. Why not?
Lets kick the Monday funk and have some FUN!
The small scapulars with which we are familiar as sacramentals owe their origin to a reduction of the large scapulars that formed part of the habit of Religious Orders and Congregations. This scapular was another of the scapulars approved during the reign of Pope Leo XIII without a confraternity. Although it was never the habit of any Order or Confraternity the Congregation of the Daughters of the Sacred Heart, founded at Antwerp in 1873 created this scapular in 1877 and were responsible for its promotion (Acta S. Sedis, XXXII, 633 sq.). It was approved at the request of the Archbishop of Marseilles, by the S. Congregation of Rites in 1900. Indulgences were granted to those who wear it habitually in 1901 and were enlarged in 1906.
How I get there is up to the universe and I trust that it will unfold in the most perfect way.
I don’t rant about my kids often, I am, after all, as a parenting journalist considered to be somewhat of an authority on the subject HOWEVER, I am also, after all, very HUMAN. Consider this a rant.
It's nowhere near finished so I'm almost embarrassed to post the pics, but it will give you an idea of where we're going. We had to remove the carpet and wood paneling b/c there was water/mold damage in the basement. We put in a drainage system that has eliminated any future damage. The plan is to paint the walls and either stain or paint the concrete (after the carpet glue is removed--we could use some tips on how to do this). Although it looks a little ghetto, the kids love the atmosphere change and I love that it's 68 degrees year round! :)
Applicants Sought for Bloomington Arts Commission
I was a broken mess, crushed, exhausted, afraid, and sinful. I’ve learned that rebellion, acting out-
Makes one 10-inch frittata; Serves 10 to 12
Rely on Him, when all else is changing.
8) Return to the lady in Agotrop with the leaf. The game says she takes the leaf, but she actually doesn't. She tells you the mercenaries left the inn but didn't take the safe with them, and there's a hole in their room you probably could sneak into to take back the safe.
Interestingly, traditionally conservative land holders are mobilising against the loss of valuable agricultural land, and the untested effects on water tables and resulting contamination from coal seam gas mining.
That’s a total of 11 inches off my body in four weeks…
Celebrating Your Sensitive Child
Problem is, she drinks a lot and she's accident prone. Things that don't go together very well. Last time she visited me in Paris she ended up in hospital having dislocated her arm. She did this when she tripped in the middle of the road in front of the Eiffel Tower. When I asked why she wasn't watching where she was going she said simply that she hadn't seen anything quite so phallic in a long time and was just 'admiring its beauty'....
The scientists want to fertilize the laboratory-grown egg cells with human sperm to prove that they are viable. Any resulting embryos will be studied for up to 14 days – the legal limit – to see if they are normal.
Another way of saying it is–can a story ever escape immanence? Aren’t stories always taking place within the mind of an author or reader–and aren’t they always an entity of the material universe… and don’t they require the presence and passing of time… History, one must remember is always really just a story…
and knits. They also have that new Ty Pennington fabric, which I’m totally in love with – there
in determining the amount of compensation payable on the expropriation of land, a task it gives to a state official (a new valuer-general) in place of the courts;
“You know I want to,
% IN LAIR: Nil
Dr Mohamad Salleh was charged with dishonestly misusing funds amounting to RM9,758,140 through four cheques to partly finance the purchase of two units of One Menerung Condominium in Block B here for the National Meat and Livestock Corporation Sdn Bhd, which he owns with one of his sons.
ME: You recently took a trip to Nepal, did you find it hard to convince the natives to listen to Cher?
Several staff members in "economic" positions, who were advising on policy, got a 100 percent increase, he said. Vavi said all the salary increases were being funded by the federation itself.
where he is able to live at home (he wants to build a house/art studio on our
As a contemporary construction, President Quezon’s statement regarding the duration of Act No. 671 is enlightening and should carry much weight, considering his part in the passage and in the carrying out of the law. Mr. Quezon, who called the National Assembly to a special session, who recommended the enactment of the Emergency Powers Act, if indeed he was not its author, and who was the very President to be entrusted with its execution, stated in his autobiography, “The Good Fight,” that Act No. 671 was only “for a certain period” and “would become invalid unless reenacted.” These phrases connote automatical extinction of the law upon the conclusion of a certain period. Together they denote that a new legislation was necessary to keep alive (not to repeal) the law after the expiration of that period. They signify that the same law, not a different one, had to be repassed if the grant should be prolonged.
My sister and nephew had come in with my brother but they were off grabbing a bite to eat.
It's telling that the most popular Scorsese films remain, after all these years, "Mean Streets," "Raging Bull" and "Goodfellas" -- the Italian-American trifecta, with "Taxi Driver" more respected than loved. That's because mooky violence is an easier sell than, say, Edith Wharton or the temptations of Christ. And, armed with the information that Scorsese was an asthmatic child in a neighborhood full of belligerent Italian-American males, it's easy to correlate his greatest successes with "personal filmmaking."
Song of the Day: Bright Eyes- Four Winds
Interestingly provocative piece on the Guardian book blogs a few days ago from Andrew Gallix, asking if e-literature is a big anti-climax? I've definitely been disappointed at the way the web has gone in terms of literature - and I'm part of the problem - commentary rather than creativity. In fact, like the music business, its often the conventional rather than the experimental who have made the web their own. If in music its bands like King Crimson and Marillion communing with their fans, then on the web its writers like Susan Hill giving access to her readers. Where are the new, the young, the experimental? The web as a medium for all of those things is certainly that - but perhaps not in literature.
and anything
When taken for further screening, TSA officials discovered seven exotic snakes and three tortoises held in nylon bags that were concealed inside the man’s pants. The man was arrested and charged with violating the Lacey Act, which deals with imports of exotic animals. He faces a maximum of five years in jail.
But one of the administration's chief advisers on Muslim issues also has pushed the idea that America has treated its Muslim citizens unfairly. Dalia Mogahed, a pollster by
Imagine how exciting it would be if, after discovering the birthplace of an ancestor, you learned some dedicated soul had taken the time to sort out all of the families in your ancestor’s community. Think how much time it would save you! Administrators of one-place studies do just that.
de blikken van je ogen, ’t tasten van je
Accessories: Simply Scored Scoring Tool, Paper Trimmer, 2 1/2" Scallop Circle Punch, Boho Blossoms Punch
Place tomatoes on the bread, covering as much of the surface as possible.
In addition to these new irritants, Dead Souls is plagued by issues familiar to the series, including endless pages of text dialogue and frequent loading screens. In a lethargic opening similar to Yakuza 4, I was more than an hour into the Dead Souls and had barely moved my character more than a few dozen feet.
So now back to my rest day as even the thought of last week make me tired and to spend even part of this beautiful day considering what's ahead in the coming weeks makes me more weary. My feet are up to toons are on and the kids and I are just hanging out. Don't worry the quiet won't last long as they will most certainly want to get outside and off to the park to play soon.
Hopefully, we as parents can take the time and love we need to examine all of our choices to see if they make sense and feel right. But we should also be sure to think about what our children would say if they had a voice - and then find ways to give them that voice as early as possible, listen to it, heed it, and allow them the freedom to express. And, hopefully, we will be able to live our lives in such a way that, with time, child abuse can be eradicated from our society.
The next movie I’m excited about is the final part the Christopher Nolan’s Batman trilogy, The Dark Knight Rises. I’ll be honest and say that when I first heard the name of this movie, I was pretty disappointed. It’s like some Hollywood executive went to Nolan and said “Hey, you know how successful The Dark Knight was? Well the next movie needs to be just like that, only better. I know! Let’s name it the same thing and put Rises on the end of it! Yeah, that’s the ticket to success right there!”. Yeah, really terrible name guys. But, I’m hoping that doesn’t steal from the awesomeness of the movie. If it’s anything like its predecessor, it should be great.
highest elected official is the county sheriff. We will restore lawful
Here are the challenges that I conquered today:
9. I Live My Life
Yes, I am giving away one copy of Mental Wellness: Real Stories from Survivors and all you have to do to be eligible is comment on this post and tell me your own story regarding mental health. It can be about you, or a family member, a friend or even a third hand tale about the person who used to live above you in the apartment. Please don’t use a name if it’s not you and PLEASE – be respectful. I WILL delete offensive posts and you will Not be eligible to win.
"We are smart enough not to buy into the oldest myth running- love. A fashion created to keep people from jumping from windows."
- Edmund goes to bed at nine-ish every night, so I have a few hours (hours, people) of unoccupied time. My last school exam is tomorrow, so then my life will really feel...free. Or something. I'm hesitant to crowd the uninterrupted hours with too many activities because I know I need to seriously take a chill pill for a while. But at the same time, I don't want to always waste it away on re-runs of Supernanny. I need small happy projects that feed my creative bents without making a huge mess. Pinterest, here I come....
That's really all it takes to write a successful press release. It's a unique writing exercise that gives us the opportunity to create another effective marketing tool for our books. There is a world full of free press out there—and now you know how to grab some of it.
Peel the bananas and slice into 3/8-inch rounds; use a ruler (I'm kidding!). Cover the banana slices with plastic wrap to keep them from darkening, and quickly make your pudding.
However, passages like the second verse of 1st Peter 2 pose a problem for that theory. The Apostle Peter tells the early Christians what to desire: “Like newborn babies, crave pure spiritual milk, so that by it you may grow up in your salvation. (NIV)” This verse is a command. The craving is to be the result of a decision to be obedient to the head apostle.
Title says it all. Things are either going to go good today or sadly. If we can talk things through and realize what went wrong with us then we will be together...if he can't promise he will be there for me & be a boyfriend back & not push me away when I have tough times & can't be honest with me then I have to leave. We're meeting at 8pm. I have a letter where I wrote everything down to him. I will read it to him. I'm hoping we don't split but if the facts are not there....
Aside from this a little Scottish bird tells me that they hear that postmen up there have received a communication advising them not to deliver the said BNP circulars. Hmm.
If you’ve made too much roasted cauliflower (and who can blame you – roasted cauliflower tastes delish!) here is a great recipe for a lovely casserole.
regime in Harare to try and meet the demand for cash in an environment where
My favorite, however, was the carrot.
Day jobbery + writing book 3 + proofing book 1 + buying a house + moving + desperate need for a vacation are all kinda wrecking havoc with my ability to produce quality content after about 3pm.
The event will feature a guest speaker: Dr Nobuko Anan (Northumbria University) – “Dr Anan’s main research interests are modern and contemporary Japanese theatre/performance and visual arts, and the way that they intersect with nationhood and gender/sexuality in transnational contexts.”
Hi Tracy! I’m 33, I live in a small town in Wales, and I’m hopelessly addicted to dark chocolate, Regency romantic comedy, castle ruins and magic of all sorts.
10 Radios in Motion
I have always loved these. There's different versions of this dish found throughout Germany, and they appear to be adaptations of a French dish.
"Hurry, this way," Derue shouted and lead them across the room to a large iron-bound wooden door. He banged loudly on its panel and shouted to those inside. Something gave a clang from within then a half-dozen orcs pulled the door open using an iron chain. A man stepped out, but Derue pushed him back and turned once more to signal franticly for Gytha to quicken her pace. "Will you hurry, we have wasted enough time already," he shouted.
Hope everyone had a great weekend, and have a fantastic day today!
7′ MONITOR W/ DVD PLAYER IN BUILT IN CAR HEADREST BLACK, GREY & TAN (1 PAIR)
They are weeping bitterly!---
The week before Christmas, we received a surprise package from some friends in NC. These girls were from a book club that Abby and I went to in the months before our move. Most of them didn't go to our church and they didn't really know our other children very well. Yet, each of the kids had cards in the box and there were a variety of little treats and toys too. Ryan and I both teared up when they opened it. It seems silly, but the burden we carry for our kids during this whole process can be pretty heavy. It's something that we pray through and discuss a lot. For some reason, receiving that package and seeing that the kids got so excited, not about the contents, but about the fact that these friends remembered them was humbling, overwhelming, and reassuring all at the same time. Lily kept reading and re-reading her card and saying how nice it was that they did that for us.
My half marathon is going to be here before I know it, and I've been a bad trainee. I did something to my shoulder last weekend and it's ached all week, but starting to feel better. So hopefully I can get back to running this upcoming weekend because I'm not going to have a very good time come October 30th if I don't!
yes, silas is going to preschool!
So, to sum up, rather than protecting our nation, or carrying food to poor starving children, or just sitting and not wasting expensive jet fuel, the President has ordered that military assets be used to supplement his already extensive fleet in ferrying people and supplies around the nation, costing taxpayers hundreds of thousands.
When Sartre realised he’d left his wallet at home, Simone was happy to pay. “Buying is a profound pleasure,” she said, keeping hold of JP’s ticket. A whizz with thoughts, he was not to be trusted with a square of paper.
8. If foreigners come here and buy land, options will be restricted. Certain parcels including waterfront property are reserved for citizens naturally born into this country.
Coming Wednesday: Yogi Berra and Ron Guidry autographing details!
I just realised that it has been exactly a month since my last post and I apologise for the long pause. I have been going through a phase where SL has lost its fascination for me and at this point I am not really sure if I will get it back. I just don’t feel the inspiration anymore to explore, put together outfits or take blog pictures. I log in, clear my messages, look at my inventory and then decide to log off again.
His name. He had told her. Think, girl, think. What did he say his name was?
So as you can imagine Mother's Day has a very special meaning for me. And it makes me very grateful for how far Kevin and I have come. We are the proud parents of three gorgeous, loving little boys. And we have achieved what we once thought was out of our grasp...
trying to keep warm.
I chose the Antioxidant Moisturizer because I’m really not at the age where I have defined lines to fix, despite the Age-Erasing Moisturizing being the more expensive one. I suppose I could have given it to my mother, though. Either way, I’m glad that the Earth Day event moisturizers were packaged in tubes as opposed to the regular jars – much more sanitary and travel-friendly!
Her “Ruby Red Stilettos” is comprised of blown glass using hand-made murrine,an Italian term for colored patterns made in a glass cane. The artist reveals the motifs by slicing the cane into cross-sections. Friedrich’s shoes sport red squares scattered across the sides, instep and toe.
The leaves of a tree represent the outward areas of your life your
After also adding enormous slugs of olive oil and mixing thoroughly, I then spread the stuffing onto the pork pieces which I had previously bashed with a rolling pin to flatten slightly. I trussed each piece in a somewhat haphazard fashion to stop them falling apart in the cooking process and drenched with more oil before placing in a warmed oven at gas mark 4 for just over an hour, basting every so often with the meat juices.
“South Geysers” has failed
And so, without further ado:
My tester chose Option #3. She has been taking the Fertibella for 2 1/2 weeks and has just used the ovulation strips and found that she is indeed ovulating. She tells me that the TTC Kit has been easy to use, the pills are easy to take and she feels confident that they are working! I am so looking forward to being able to update you all when she becomes pregnant. I'm so glad that I was given the opportunity to be able to do this review and to give the Kit to someone who so deserves to become a Mommy.
Sprinkle the biscuits with the remaining tablespoon of sugar. Bake until the biscuits are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. (These can be baked up to 8 hours ahead of serving time.) Let stand at room temperature.
This latest information comes from a series of reports and leaks from official Russian spokesmen and government news agencies who say that an Israeli attack is all but certain by the summer.
With the Queen's diamond jubilee celebrations approaching, now may be the time to start thinking about what outfit you are going to wear for the party.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, he said Nato insured all the goods being transported and the vehicles carrying them.
Roky Erickson & The Aliens: White Faces
I queried widely and was rejected widely. Every time an agent was kind enough to tell me why they said no I did what I could to change that part of my letter. I read as much as I could in my genre and poured over the acknowledgments to see if the author had thanked her agent and I made a magical discovery. My three favorite humorists all thanked their agent-- Jenny Bent. And when I say “favorite” writers, I mean like The-Beatles-Favorite. Like if I saw them in person, I would hyperventilate and pass out.
“Perhaps it would be better to set traps,” Xu Guan muttered to himself.
Doyle watched him for a few seconds, then said, “You’re searching, which obviously means you’re concocting something. Talk to me. What is it?”
The photo on this mug is a close up of two bright pink climbing roses, fresh from the garden. The rose petals, in light and shadow, are many shades of pink, from pale to deep. One rose faces us directly, showing the tips of the petals as they curve around to the center. The other rose, beside and slightly behind the first, is turned a little to the side. They are resting on a light textured gray surface, against a black background.
SO, I know it has been a while since I was here. I had my birthday, and got LOADED up with stuff for card making, thanks mostly to my Dear Charlie (DC). I am up to my eyeballs in new stamps and paper and ink and tools! Woo to the Hoo!
Hopi Radio news.
So now I'm tired of this shit. I didn't want to get the woman fired, I just don"t like the fact that they took money out with out my approval. so I called the bank. Turns out the BANK MANAGER was the one that did all this and wasn't in trouble at all. I explained my issue, told her I didn't feel comfortable and I understand that she was trying to help my sister. So we discussed the issue. Told her to leave the money in my sisters account because I don't want to deal with her.
2. Brinda gave me this very nice little award and I'm likely supposed to pass it on and tell you stuff about myself. But you know almost everything about me AND I can't pick blogs to pass it on to because I have TOO many favorites. So the award goes to all my bloggy friends. And a big THANK YOU to Brinda for recognizing me.
doubt unimaginable You?
Arriving in Paris at something like 4 a.m. Eastern Time, 9 a.m local, we hustled down the concourse and on to our next gate. I was bleary and my brain wasn't registering what was said to me in English, let alone polite French, but eventually I gathered I needed to also shed my jacket (not just my shoes) and got my carry-on bag rummaged through again. We had coffee and muffins and eventually we shuttled out to our plane, where we boarded and waited for a couple of hours. No particular reason was given, so we all just hung out and eventually they said sit down we're leaving. It was a full flight this time and we were seated next to a man heading to work on the oil rigs.
It’s not my fault I feel this way. It is the Minotaur.
speed variation problem but it is noticable in parts of both (not all of either).
Well recommended.
The women were the top stars of the meet as Yelena Isinbayeva (RUS) set a meet record of her own as she upped the world lead with her winning 4.83m vault and Sanya Richards (US) ran a world leading 49.57 in the 400 meters.
At a time when the whole issue of Intellectual Property has never been more relevant, it seems crazy that agencies aren’t investing more effort into creating advertising that can run and run and run for their clients.
Word from the previously fearful: give it up early, the beauty and freedom come more quickly that way.
another beer.
I am beyond thrilled to announce the winner of the character contest for the next Dulcie book, A Tale of Two Goblins.
"If the Venus Table cannot be used to prove the FMT as Lounsbury suggests, its acceptance depends on the reliability of the corroborating data," he said. That historical data, he said, is less reliable than the Table itself, causing the argument for the GMT constant to fall "like a stack of cards."
Last Ascent To The Red Cross is currently also on display, along with Touch, at the Pixels At An Exhibition Show in Kansas. Touch was originally a screenshot of an erotic film clip playing on my Macbook.
Street lights, big dreams all looking pretty
You knew the O’Bullshit intent is all about destroying our economy. And the very fact that our Northern neighbor had something we so desperately need, and it said “no”, should have told you all you needed to know. And then, once public opinion turned so hard, it finally sort of agreed.
Ive written more this year than ever, and received some amazing (and humbling) feedback.
I still seem have all my faculties but linear thought can be difficult when a sudden image of a distant moment in time leaps to the front. The image doesn't leave as quickly as it appears primarily because I'm then curious why I even have a recollection of a trivial event 30 years earlier. The end result is distraction.
- olive oil cooking spray
Well, the papers have been signed, the details worked out and all the t's crossed and i's dotted. It has been over a year since we separated and we finally have a separation agreement. Now all there is left to do is wait for the final divorce to be granted and work out how we move on and try to parent our kids. We are so very different in our approaches that I don't see this being an easy thing.
Heat a saucepan and when the butter in it is foaming add the shallots. Cook gently till translucent. Add the knotweed and stir, cooking for a couple of minutes until it changes from fresh green to drab khaki (just like sorrel). Add the potato and the hot stock and cook until the potato slices are tender. Allow the soup to cool a little and then puree in batches in a blender. Strain each batch to remove any fibers and return the saucepan to heat. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary.
748 ***D-V/11/1977. “Kierkegaard, Abraham and Socrates: Illusions of the Absurd.” Rockford College, Rockford, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(4), above, pp. 854-73, 1048-52, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp.111-34 (2004).)
Instead of being a stinging indictment on government and corporate policy, the filmmakers instead illustrate poignantly the conditions and existence of those people money-hungry companies and corporate funded governments have chosen to ignore.
This week, the Sowetan reported that Cleopatra Hani, ‘the eldest daughter of slain South African Communist Party leader Chris Hani has launched a scathing attack on the ANC, saying the party has been hijacked by unscrupulous and corrupt thugs’.
Brodhead’s discussion of the paper was nothing short of stunning. After an almost apologetic defense of the principle of academic freedom as applied to faculty research, the president all but seethed with rage when discussing the paper: “I can see why students took offense at what was reported of a professor's work. Generalizations about academic choices by racial category can renew the primal insult of the world we are trying to leave behind—the implication that persons can be known through a group identity that associates them with inferior powers. A further insult was that the paper had been included in an amicus brief submitted by opponents of affirmative action urging the Supreme Court to hear the case I mentioned earlier regarding admissions policies at the University of Texas.”
Greed has poisoned men’s souls, has barricaded the world with hate;
The conversations I have with my health coach are extremely therapeutic for me. If I'm good, I call her up before I indulge in a binge, and sometimes it's a guilty conscience that forces me to phone after I've eaten no-no foods until I'm stuffed. Whatever the timing of my phone call, she walks me through the same routine each time: What is making me want to sabotage myself and is that reason worthy of making myself more miserable in the long run? That's the big lightbulb moment for me: Eating like that doesn't make me happy. I mean, duh, right? But in the moment, twinkies and cupcakes seem like an immediate relief to whatever stress, disappointment or pain I am experiencing. Choosing not to binge is an exercise in delayed "healthy" gratification (weight loss and health) over immediate "unhealthy" gratification (sweets and weight gain).
So overall a rather relaxing if somewhat fish themed day. But to finish things off...
In another pan pour 2 tbsp of oil and put finely chopped ginger and garlic and fry for 30 sec. Now add the chopped onion and fry for 2 mins, then add chopped capsicum and fry till they are half cooked. Put the soya chunks and chopped tomato along with capsicum and fry for a min. Pour soy sauce, hot sauce, tomato ketchup and fry for 5 mins in medium flame till cooked. Tasty soya chunks manchurian is ready to be served as a side dish.
Add the garlic, dried herbs ( basil,oregano, rosemary,thyme etc. mixed) and cook for 5 minutes.
–Alicia Hilton
FH: Yes, and people home on leave, and people from other parts of the UK who love coming to things like this.
There are a few practical problems. Several of the activities are probably unconstitutional and will be challenged in court.
By The Tame Otter bridge there is a notice that gives the opening times of Hermitage Lock. It advises to ring for use this time of the year, so it was reverse back through the bridge to note the telephone number. There is talk that the dry dock here will soon be back in business, if its true then it will be a great asset to the area.
Nat Hentoff is a nationally renowned authority on the First Amendment and the Bill of Rights. He is a member of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, and the Cato Institute, where he is a senior fellow.
Now Boris's brainwave, is not a new idea, back in 1973, the Water Resources Board, the government agency (now defunct) published a major report that advocated building a whole raft of infrastructure to aid the movement of water, not to mention constructing freshwater storage barrages in the Ouse, Wash and Morecambe Bay, using a network of canals to move water from north to south, extending reservoirs and building new aqueducts, not to mention constructing a series of tunnels to link up river basins to aid the movement of water.
On a more positive note, the chillies and the tomatoes are doing well. Even the sweetcorn has started to make an appearance.
Paul McNeil (guitar)
102) What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty… Here, let me get it off. Hey, it’s not coming off???
This baby is one-of-a-kind! I had that adorable b-a-b-y pennant set (but only one) and couldn't WAIT to make it into a card. This is another large, 5x7 beauty. Those raised dots (a Big Shot creation) are so sweet. The flower has a lot of soft dimension.
*Cardstock: PTI White; Stampin' Up! Basic Black
A new house is like a new friend.
A demain mes amis, thank you for reading me!
The fourth and fifth time rolled into each other. Maybe because I was fed up of getting the same phone call over and over, I was not her parent, I was not her carer and I needed to be apart from her so I could breathe. I was 17 years old for both of these attempts, my mother was supposed to be helping me prepare for university, not lying in a psychiatric ward.
Sameshima will stop by the demonstration too. He said he is grateful to get a diploma but sad that many of his peers won’t be recognized at all. He also wishes USC had acted earlier, before his wife and daughter died.
Camera : 5 MP camera, Auto Focus, LED flash
2.) The Thing
What he and his far Left vampires want is to choke the American economy. They want an America where gas prices are as high or higher than they are in Europe, where most people are forced into public transportation run by the government and the private cars that exist are abominations like the Volt, where a light bulb costs ten times as much as before and where breaking one calls for an expensive hazmat cleansing rather than just a broom and a dustpan.
The President's 'opposition' (whether sincere, halfhearted, or feigned) is inconsequential in the most literal sense of the word: it has no consequences. It does not affect marriage equality either way.
A massive overflow chamber with two floors of concrete and a rapid river of poop.
At Burlington in Vermont, there was a shooting that left a 35-year old man in “grave” conditions. This event happened around 2 PM, and the man was found around 2:20 PM.
Christopher George, a friend of James Hataway went missing around the same time Tracy Ocasio did and his remains were believed to be found in Apopka
(Yes, yes, Python geeks, I'm aware that Season One, Episode One, "Whither Canada?", was the second episode filmed. No matter, what I consider canon is the airing order. This aired first, this was England's introduction to the Pythons, so there.)
Row 1)skipping first ch, sc in next 6chs, sc to end of row.
Not creepy but noteworthy. It says a lot about the internet community and the quality of my blog that the most popular search term used to reach my little site is this. Of all the Soviet Russia jokes that I have heard only one was made me ‘lol’ and that was told by a dear and a hilarious friend who shall remained unnamed, so as to protect him from the hordes of envious comedy geeks which congregate, batlike, across the wide world of the internet. The rest of the terms, at least the interesting ones, can be divided into two loose categories.
8. We are also happy to announce that Barnes and Noble named The Scorch Trials as one of the 10 Best Teen Books of 2010! Check it out: CLICK HERE.
How about a real Native? The lovely (and talented) Hyapatia Lee for your viewing pleasure.
Most new artists stumble on one sound and are told to stick with it; Fiona clearly didn’t get that memo from her label execs. The MF Life is the sound of an artist who obviously shares a deep love for both her parents’ R&B record collection as well as her own contemporaries; for every bluesy vamp like “Bones” (the kind Amy Winehouse would have loved to have sunk her teeth into) or Stevie Wonder homage like “Watch Me Work,” there’s a sombre, sci-fi groove ala The Weeknd (“4 a.m.”) or a bombastic, ballsy pop song like “Change the Record,” which pits Fiona’s powerhouse vocals against the piano chords from Heart’s “Alone” and thunderous drums worthy of John Bonham. And then there are the big rock guitar solos on “Break Down These Walls” balanced by the ukulele reggae—don’t laugh,
My question is - should I ask her about it? If my charge does have this condition I would be able to do research. I would be able to help him with skills, learning, and communication in more effective ways. Or should I just leave it and let MB come to me? Should I tell MB what else N had told me about my 2 year old charge? I know I should just leave it alone but I want to help this child more effectively. But I also don’t want to add fuel to the fire. Thank you.
You can set your own rules and your own standards. I live on my writing income, so if I'd written three wonderful novels and not yet sold them, that would be a failure. If you're a full-time pilot with five children and no partner, writing two pages might be a massive success. Be realistic.
An old college classmate emailed this to me the other day. I wanted to share. I realize some of my readers might be over 30, but that's really not the point.
Both PCS members and UNITE members (in health) have returned 90% votes to reject the Government's "final offer" on pensions which, in all the unfunded schemes, simply amounted to a repackaging of the proposals made and rejected on 2 November. Key to the position of both unions has been the confidence of the lay leadership, supported by their officials, to offer members an honest assessment and a clear recommendation.
Hopefully, I have shared openly enough about the difficulties of my past that you will now let me share some truths with you. Here are some things I have discovered over the past twenty years or so - things I never would have discovered if I had gone through with my thoughts of suicide.
Call your yourself democratic
Martial also wrote this short poem, about a bald man who pretends to pick his teeth with a mastic toothpick so people won't realise he is toothless:
What do you think of the fact that so many people have died after taking the WCA test? Do you think the government should launch an immediate enquiry concerning the high number of deaths involved? Should negligent ministers and Atos employees be prosecuted? Or do you think that these deaths are a small price to pay if it means bringing down the level of disabled dependance on the benefit system. Would you give the WCA tests the thumbs up or thumbs down regarding this issue. May be your unsure perhaps your 50/50. Let us know what you think?
left side. Different hand in ink ‘Bought Mr Thos Chubbard(?) _ _ _ _ _ _’ across bottom left. Inscription on verso in pencil: ‘by P.P.Burdett, a celebrated Surveyor and Mathematician of Derby who became Chief Engineer for the Prince of Baden in Germany. Throsby’s Select Views of Liecestershire 1789. Mr Burdett is represented in Wright’s painting of the Orrery as taking notes on the left side of the picture, also with Wright in his picture of the Gladiator. He was a personal friend of Wright. See Bemrose’s Life and Works of Joseph Wright 1885. In the catalogue of the late(?) of the collection of Prints and Drawings formed by Wm Roscoe Esq published in 1816 there appears the following “P.P. Burdett, Eight of States(?), Historical Lanscaper of specimens of different processes in aqua-tuita. Six ditto_ _ _ _of_ _ _ _ _ _ , sold £1.17 6. These attempts to execute prints in aqua-tuita were made about the same time as those of J.B de Prince (to whom the invention is attributed) by Mr Burdett, an amateur artist of Liverpool, who is chiefly known to the public by his excellent maps of Derbyshire and Cheshire’ page 165.’
think of the last time you had excellent customer service somewhere, and the difference in the clerk who took an "interest" rather than "took a number" in the way they assisted you... the 2 seconds of time it takes to stretch out the gratitude for ourselves or someone else, can change history... who knows who you will change and impact by your willingness to be grateful...
Wednesday (I think I can, I think I can...)
Even our mechanic seemed to have a hard time breaking the links… but after a few hours, our bikes were road ready again, and we left the little town looking forward to more sea and more desert. Our target was San Pedro de Atacama – 2 days away.
Quite honestly, when it came to trying to describe this ale's flavour - I repeatedly started giggling. I wouldn't be at all surprised if that was exactly the reaction Dark Star had in mind when they were conjuring up this recipe, because very little about what these guys do seems to happen by accident.
Consolidating the newspapers
"You just get started and then
I just spoke with someone on Friday evening who lost her father last year. She asked if the pain of loss ever goes away, and I told her I would let her know as soon as it happens...
My favorite quotes from the last week include Nolan's response of "Because I love you so much" when Allen asked Nolan why he had called for Daddy to wipe his butt (yes, we're working on getting him to wipe his own). And Nolan saying that his Spiderman bike was faster than the car - followed by his insistence that we take his training wheels off so he can go faster...
14 Have you ever stolen other people's food?
The Naked Tourist ~ by Lawrence Osborne (New Guinea)
casting a golden glow on the beautiful ornate bed
2 tablespoons (even more) butter
There have been an up-side-downsy past few days here, and I missed posting on One Flower Wednesday because of it! Thank goodness Wednesday comes once a week and I can show off my lovely creation next time around! I spent the first few days of the week worrying about my sister-in-law in the hospital and spending time with her there while she recovered fro a serious bout of a fluid filled lung caused by pneumonia. After which I would return home and crash. Thankfully Mr. Confessions is a doll and looked after Little Miss during this time. This is also the reason for no flower on Wednesday.
Imperceptibly changing, the mores of a time;
When the doctor finally saw the x-ray his nurse had taken, he quickly decided it was beyond his expertise: with both bones broken, one badly, I had to go to St. Ansgar's in Moorhead. There I was put under general anesthesia, my arm was set, and I woke up to crabby nun nurses taking my blood pressure in the middle of the night. When they came to pick me up from the hospital, my parents took me out to Nine Dragons, our favorite Chinese restaurant, which I couldn't really enjoy because I was still queasy from the anesthetic.
Messi started the season with a single goal in the 2-2 Spanish Supercopa draw against Real Madrid, and has since gone on to surpass numerous records.
Below are the ones I did read.
Knowing that true love
this is what she came up with!! along with a sketch (to scale) of exactly where to put my furniture, and a complete source list, with links, of what accessories to purchase, where to purchase them and where to put them in the room.
Enjoy. For tomorrow, some of us will recite three hail Marys, followed by a strict diet...for the rest of us, there's always next Monday.
America will reclaim its destiny, its exceptualism, on November 6, 2012. It will elect Mitt Romney.
Furthermore, in his questioned order of June 11, 1957, the respondent Secretary of Agriculture & Natural Resources provides:
Just as in 2009 teams found they had less space for undernose turning vanes, so they made use of the free space above the splitter. This could either be with small vertical vanes, their outswept shape both diverting the airflow around the car and also sending a vortex towards the floors leading edge, to maximise pressure for more downforce.
When you are working at home in your own workshop then you need a proper garage workbench. If you get one that is pre made then you can find it useful for all of your needs.
Great Divide Brewing Company Hoss
Oh no! Flowers caught in the snow! Do you think they'll make it?
She thought she’d be safe in the country, but you can’t escape your own nightmares,
The universal perfumer sure got it all right in spring. Aided and abetted by the power of that dormant root energy as it springs into phenomenon above ground.
river
So people, if you’ve learned anything from this long rambly blog today, here are some highlights to take with you:
During the Old Testament period, God gave laws to the Hebrews to help them live righteous lives. He instituted animal sacrifices, which the Hebrews were to make as offerings for sin. These sacrifices were a prefiguration of Christ’s sacrifice, to prepare the people of God to understand and accept the meaning of Christ’s death on the Cross. But neither the sacrifices nor the laws were able to restore mankind to the state he had lost at the Fall.
Those with a smug moral superiority soon discover that they have a powerful weapon to force their beliefs on others, via yet another powerful inherent directive - the need of people to evade criticism and sustain social acceptance.
Afternoon all. Thank you for all your get well wishes - I've spent the last three days coughing, sleeping and sweating. My head has felt full of razor-blades and someone has swapped my legs for jelly. I can't blame Toad entirely for this as it has been through his office like a wildfire - I think they have all been off with it sometime over the last week. It's a nasty germ that's for sure.
I don’t know why God has impressed upon me the truth of this issue, but I want to share something that noted author Dan Allender said in his book Wounded Heart. Satan hates male and female distinctions because they are made in God’s likeness. God uniquely created each person and had no confusion when He made each one of us. Satan cannot create anything except confusion, so he will twist God’s creation to the point of homogeny, and corrupt God’s beauty and design for all mankind.
I've been out enjoying the weather too much lately to post any blog updates.
And I love you through it all
the impact; now think of the tide-swell,
One of the negative aspects of the Kindle Fire, which the Nook Color shares, is the small screen size, measuring at 7 inches diagonally. This makes viewing magazines and such difficult and Amazon was forced to create a mode that shows just text. The iPad definitely beats its competition there, but of course for a lot more money.
So we have some friends who are vegetarians and great cooks. They shared this bouillon with us and it works pretty well. When simmering the dried chiles on the stove, I put a small teaspoon full this base into 2 cups of water. It helps flavor the chile water (which you'll use later on to thin out the sauce). It's a little salty so get to know it before you use it in place of regular chicken broth. If you want to go the veg route, I do suggest this.
Spirit of God, blow upon the failing embers of our faith, restore us to life and renew our hope.
But I feel the weight of what it brings, and the hurt that tries to grab
Date: 16 November 2011, 13:00-17:00, UEL, Stratford Campus, room AE.1.01, free.
Sentiment & Market Tops
I love all the images (all 26 images!) in this stamp set and it is the perfect set for invitations for showers, baby announcements and welcome or congratulations baby cards!!! I can't wait to see what all the lovely ladies have created with this super sweet stamp set(s) today! Please check them out:
The sound on the '75 show is pretty rough, but obsessives will want it for all the unique songs. The other auds here are pretty ok - nothing to write home about, but certainly listenable. If you're a hardcore fan, you want all of this. More casual folks should maybe just start w/the '76 Chicago and '80 Berkeley shows, and then see where that takes you.
Variety
Remembered now with sadness.
All in all, not great but not terrible. I'll probably try something else before I get this again.
You can do anything you set your mind to do.
The Way, Truth, And Life
1/4 tsp. freshly ground black pepper
In the meantime Dad gets his act together so Helen tries to dissuade Will from coming. But it’s too late. Will, it has to be said, is not unlike the rakish Damon Salvatore in The Vampire Diaries and the reason for their animosity is much the same too: a woman. In the case of Peter and Will the woman is Helen who both brothers fell for but Peter married. Helen was not a vampire when they met. She was what they call an ‘unblood’ but agreed to be ‘converted’ on their honeymoon. And that’s what Peter believes happened but it looks like she faked it. As is the case in True Blood the bond between a vampire and his or her maker is a strong one. Another reason Helen would want to keep a good distance between her and Will. She never imagined at the time she would have such conflicted feelings.
The resulting prosecution is a depressing display of abuse of government authority. It’s hard to comprehensively catalog all of the lawless aspects of the US government’s prosecution of Megaupload, so I’ll just focus on two:
Note: unmentioned in the Times are the six-figure salaries expected by BUILD's top three officers, according to the IRS filing. See Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn's comprehensive page on BUILD. Rather the Times takes care of the issue discreetly: On Sept. 5, [spokeswoman] Ms. [Cheryl] Duncan said, Build began paying several staff members, including Mr. Caldwell and Ms. Louis, who she said are currently being paid at a rate equal to half the salaries listed on the group's original I.R.S. form. Before the signing of the community-benefits agreement, the staff had been working as volunteers, she said.
You might have remembered last week, when I said I was meeting up with a few other Kentucky Food Bloggers. I had such an amazing time, and thanks to Adam from the Danville Boyle Co Convention & Visitors Bureau, we were set up with a culinary tour of Danville, KY.
This time, however... they change for the better!
Not only did I get less expensive toilet paper, I also received some great, new parenting advice through the experience. I haven't seen it in any parenting books or expert columns and certainly not upon the frugal blogs that gave the tip about not being loyal to brands. I understood that brand loyalty gets you in trouble with the frugal bottom line.
I suppose that this was the height of childhood. Running like a pack of wolves through the cool evening air, heavily breathing in the summer night, flying through the darkness, not wanting to be the last one back to camp. As I ran through the trees and the tall grass I heard something. A faint scream. I slowed and turned my head and I heard it again. Even as a young boy I knew the sound or terror. It was a fearful scream and then sobbing. I stopped and started to walk back toward the jamboree area. My mind wrestled with the thought that I was going to be the last one back to camp, but I had to find something out. I was half curious, half afraid.
How did you feel when you finished the couch to 5K program?
While I was checking challenges I saw this one that called my attention. Challenge is to make a pocket card… so criss cross style was just perfect for this challenge.
But hey, I've got to hand it to Alder Brook for putting on a good post-race show, with some tasty rice and beans on hand and a reggae singer so cool, polished and smooth, he could probably turn a Megadeath cover into a feel-good song you could grove to. And since my wife Linda and I wanted to help a race sponsor out and we liked Alderbrook's wines, we picked up three bottles the day before the race with our race packets. (I must admit to having an alter-ego that likes a good glass of wine from time to time.)
Seating is limited and available on a first-come, first-served basis, beginning at 5:30pm.
How's THAT for unmemorable junk?
It IS kind of cool how they’ve set this up, ACC, with the contenders for faction leader all squaring off with the server-wide push to gather resources to eliminate some of them before the big final match-up. Right now on my server it looks like there are a LOT of people running around crafting the Negative Ads needed to wear down the contending mini-bosses, although I kind of have to wonder if that ends up weakening whoever comes out in the end if it’s not a runaway victory. Then again I guess there are the Fundraising dailies, where some of the Negative Ad debuff can be offset by pouring money into somebody’s campaign fund. (And I thought the Shattered Sun Offensive were bad about asking for handouts – at least THEY gave you their “of the Shattered Sun” name tag for your troubles.)
After 3 months, my garden now is flourishing with different plants and more to come :)
(gifts my own)
4. Adopt characteristic hippy rhetoric. Man.
In other words, we’re dirtying the image of the vagina by making it a derogatory term.
Elemental: Undines (water-based nymphs)
This is why adolescents have such a strong need for belonging. Their new sense of separation makes them feel so vulnerable that they need to reinforce their identity by being a part of groups or gangs, or by following fashions. More bleakly, this is also why most murders are committed by young men, in response to perceived slights or insults. With their new fragile sense of identity, young men are liable to take offense at any kind of trivial affront, making them feel belittled and creating an instant desire to take revenge and regain their lost status.
What would you do if you won $640m? The answer I like the best will get a share of my millions when I win. This is the one time in my life I am going to be an optimist.
I thought the cakes tasted a bit eggy. Mrblocko agreed, but didn't notice until I pointed it out. I like eggs so it wasn't a deal breaker for me. If this flavor was a negative for anyone, a drizzle of dulce de leche could hide any eggy elements and no one would be the wiser. I may do just that tonight when I wolf down another cake, not because I didn't like the taste of the cake. I just like dulce de leche and feel guilty eating it by the spoonful.
I Got a Gun
Every mother, especially, should keep a diary in which to note the successive phases of her child's physical, mental, and moral growth, with particular attention to the moral; so that parents may be enabled to make a timely forecast of their children's character; to foster in them every germ of good, and by prompt precautions to suppress, or at least restrain, what is bad." Vol 2 pg 105-106
July 28, 2011
May 15
I like how in this photo you can see the path your eye travels up the metal flower motif to the green silk ribbon and bead flower motif, then up the button cluster to the beaded vine!
I have quite vivid memories of Sunday mornings as a child, being upset that there were few cartoons on Australian free-to-air television, and too many American Christian evangelists trying to convert the world by the power of the idiot box.
Unfortunately, I am behind. Very behind. Therefore, I am going to be busy catching up this week. At this rate, pictures from Easter will be posted in July!
Good luck and let your life spin boldly!
Still, I didn't want something as incriminating as that laying around. But today, I'd love to read it. Shoot, I'd make myself some popcorn and serve an ice cold Arnold Palmer and I would read those things from front to back. All these years later, I'm almost positive it would feel like I was reading someone else's story.
I have always seen these reviews as much for the companies themselves to see their services highlighted and compared in one area, as well as being a resource guide and benefit for authors looking at the business of subsidy and self-publishing. I say business, because that is exactly what it is. These companies are primarily supposed to be supplying author services for a fee, and secondly, ‘adopting’ the role of publisher. For some, this ‘adopted’ role is borrowed far more loosely than others, rendering services which vary from excellent and reputable to out and out scam merchants preying on unsuspecting authors. For the authors using these companies, it is also a business. They are paying out three to four figure sums of money to companies—even with the best intentions and print quality offered in the world—they are not traditional publishers and most of them operate with a business model lacking a hard and fast distribution plan to high street stores and personnel without true publishing experience.
So give your toads some houses and enjoy their stay in your garden. Lizzie's already moved the houses around three times this morning and can't go a minute without looking to see if anyone moved in. I'm trying to explain to her that she should leave them alone so the toads don't get afraid and move out. But you try explaining that to a curious two-year-old.
“Hippie.”
- Organic broccoli $1.68/lb ($3.70/kg, California)
In this post, I am going to expand on that concept a bit by describing to you how to get paid to complete offers by others while you are completing the initial qualifying offers for a site. In the business, it is referred to as Method 1 (aka – Getting Paid to Complete Trial Offers).
sleep calls me...or is it the end of the fun but trashy novel that sits on my bed. i shuffle off to bed on the cotton sheets in my pink slippers. today, life is good and the thunderbolts still echo in my head.
Therefore, if you follow me, please would you update your link to read http://simplysassystyle.blogspot.com/. I'll be moving my posts from this link over there during the week and over the weekend, and from next week, this should link be put to bed.
The other way is to just hold a spoon and bend it. Using your hands.
Yes. Indeed.
I wish she new that her brown skin
“You!” said Johan to Charles who was tied up in the chair, “how do we close the secret door?”
* ATG
I think it was in 2000 or something.
The formula is to.die.for. This is two coats, but that's only because I'm a habitual two-coater. It looked just like this at one coat. The formula is on the thicker side, but not in an annoying way, and it flows quite precisely on the nail. I barely had to clean up at all.
2 1/2 cups water
And speak honestly,
It pours a pale yellow color, topped by a short froth of white foam. The taste is bready and heavy on the palette, with a little citrus and sweetness from orange blossom honey.
i just thought i would pop in to say hello.
The unfolding consequence behind Republican and Democratic rhetoric is the misuse of the people’s hardships, by formulating issues in such a way that obscures the reality of our national challenges and undermines compromise between the parties. As each party seeks to label the other as radical, the Democrats as socialists and the Republicans as Social Darwinists, they succeed only in constructing and perpetuating oppositional, fabricated, and self-fulfilling radicalized realities.
Conqueror 1075 - (Black IPA) 7.4% ABV
Ok, I haven't been on here a while, just the same old line! So anyway, my 27th birthday has come and gone. Larry hadn't gotten me anything yet, even though I told him I didn't want anything this year. We had been talking about wanting to go to Disney World again this year. So the Saturday after my birthday, Larry said I have your gift but you have to close your eyes and hold out your hands. So, I said "ok" and closed my eyes and held out my hands. I then felt something kind of heavy in them, so I opened them and it was a "Birnbaum's Guide to Walt Disney World 2010". I loved it, it's our "tradition" to buy one every year since we first went in 2008. He then told me he booked our trip for Disney on Friday and I had no idea! It's our family vacation this year and I'm so excited! We booked our dinner reservations that night too! I was totally surprised! In case you haven't seen my Facebook, I have started a count down and we're at 76 days!
Big B had tweeted: Just heard Kolaveri Di after much talk on it ... its so original and catchy ..congrats Dhanush and Aishwarya (Rajni's daughter)
And.... check out the uber nice lace, also from Waltzingmouse, I folded over the top to both shorten the lace a little and build a feature with the wrapped twine... love me some lace, well sometimes!!
Was the system of joint family better than this new age nuclear family system?
Ingram ~ With You ~ Other End ~ 1984
Hey. Don't roll your eyes at me, Missy.
5 March 2012
Please see the customer reviews and ratings of Sony DCRTRV39 MiniDV 1Megapixel Camcorder with 3.5″ LCD, Networking Capability and Laser Assist Focus from the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
“Yes I can,” Curran snarled. “Listen: this is me telling you what you will not do.”
I'm just kidding. I just like Burger King so much that I can't control myself when I am around their food. It's not good for my weight loss.
Troy Aikman, Christina Applegate, Tyra Banks, Jack Black, Andrea Bocelli, Garth Brooks, Jim Carrey, Cher, Kirsten Dunst, Laurence Fishburne, Harrison Ford, Morgan Freeman, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Matt Groening, Ed Harris, Dustin Hoffman, Anthony Hopkins, Whitney Houston, Ricki Lake, Spike Lee, Loretta Lynn, Shirley MacLaine, Bill Murray, Tom Petty, Lisa Marie Presley, Michael Richards, Gavin Rossdale, Kurt Russell, Garry Shandling, Sharon Stone, Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Kristin Scott Thomas, John Updike, and Renee Zellweger.
Article 8. Where any copyright owner who, upon finding out the infringing information, warns the Internet service provider about this or requests for the network registration material of the infringer is unable to produce proofs of his identification, ownership of the copyright and the circumstance of the infringement, such warning or request shall be deemed not to have been made.
“Do you want me to leave the TV on, baby?” She gestures toward the box. So it’s called a TV.
Then when I worked in a private reading clinic for 8 years, I encountered many, many more children who were diagnosed with ADHD, some on medication, some not. And as I worked with these kids, I could not really see any big "problem" other than that they were active, curious kids who simply required more energy to work with than others. This was not a problem at all for me because they were just so much like my own son.
-I should have painted the mirror first
Of course very few people would deny that the character of American schoolchildren has changed dramatically over the decades.
(with a touch of red...for the year of the dragon)
Claire said, “the most spine-tingling thing about the venture was the first time I saw a card on the web that had my stamps on it and wasn't made by me! That was surreal! Then seeing our stuff on cards that were in magazines was just awesome! Having said that though, the thing that makes me happiest is the amount of lovely people I have met - I was a stay at home mum, with a very limited social life and now I literally have buddies all over the world! How cool is that!”
01. Surround Me to Passage D
I will not say more, because too many charlatans mimic Native spirituality, selling it to desperate people.
“Good. That I can do.”
In honor of Melanie, Jamie's sister who is fighting stage 4 colon and liver cancer, Bethesda Skincare is offering a FREE bar of soap to cancer patients! If you know of anyone who is suffering with cancer please send the name, address and the recipient's condition to store@bethesdaskincare.com and be sure to reference The Melanie Policy. Because chemotherapy and cancer treatment depletes the skin of it's nutrients and causes it to become fragile, Bethesda Sunscreen Soap was created with a combination of healing and therapeutic properties to strengthen, restore and protect the skin.
Lesson three of the same subject: Hmmmm...the horse seems to be understanding what you're asking it to do, is willing to perform the task, and you end the session feeling REALLY GOOD about what's been taught/accomplished.
3) Line an 8 inch baking pan with foil and spray the lined baking pan with the cooking spray and set it aside.
The hope without the fear
My daughter wanted to play tennis.
The quotes I think attempt to show that the original Lord Ruler struggled in the beginning and may have been a semi-decent man. This leads me to wonder what went wrong when he assumed power. Why the incessant need to control the masses by destroying everything they knew and forcing them to believe in the Lord Ruler and his form of religion or way of life.
No. We're not talking about wrapping paper with printed with cogs, although it may come to that. We're not even talking about using the blueprints for a particularly luxurious Time Machine, because I'm keeping those under wraps (A pun! Geddit?) until my experimentation is complete.
pRiMitiVe sKeLLy hOuse bRoOch
It is agreed upon and it will be announced upfront that if there according to the jury is no candidate in the finale who has the quality of a world class conductor of tomorrow, there will be no winner. It is, however, also agreed that having no winner would not be a desirable situation since this would seriously jeopardize the credibility and importance of the competition. The jury will therefore do its utmost to find a winner. Should the competition nevertheless end without a winner, the orchestras mentioned below will be able to choose one of the three finalists as conductor of the respective concerts.
Roberts, Michael 2006a “Pragmatic Action & Enchanted Worlds: A Black Tiger Rite of Commemoration,” Social Analysis, 50: 73-102.
I would like to say I do not hate Portland or the Portland brewers or brewing scene. I was misquoted in a remark I made about ONE early McManamins pub I didn’t care for. I f%$@ing love Portland and all its beer I am a good friend of Van Havig. I drank many times with Don Younger (RIP) and loved him and the Horse Brass, Tony Lawrence from Boneyard ( I know it's in Bend) is a best friend. Portland was the first place I traveled as a professional brewer--to the old Flanders street pub. Bridgeport is one of my favorites. It's the first place I saw nicros on draught 9 to 1 over macro beer and at a stripclub. Portland rules! Put a bird on it! I love it! Aorry I was misquoted
And of course, there was the librarian who proudly announced, "We had a famous author here once."
He gets me.
perfectly in my desk area....
As her thoughts were beyond recalling;
Authors: Debby Mayne and Trish Perry
The plants were cut out at 3.5" using the auto fill feature. Chalk them up a bit if you'd like. Then cut slits in the circle large enough for the plant bases to slide thru. Fold them ends under and tape or glue them. Add a lil' bit of glue on the top side if they go wonky. Mine didn't at first, but after a few days I had to add some glue topside. (Lesson here is to take pictures as soon as project is finished!)
Hi Baby,
Jacs xxx
During my degree studies (and research beyond) I have discovered that The Bible has deeper secrets than I ever realized. I discovered professional methods to not only discover where this bedlam is hiding but how to “make it all go away” once we find it. Imagine laying your head on your pillow at night and actually sleeping for the entire night….
She was the first chairperson for the Young People’s Enterprise Partnership board, is an Enterprise Champion for Walsall Education Business Partnership and has both SFEDI Gold accreditation in Enterprise and Social Enterprise. Emma was awarded the Young People’s Business Support Professional WM 2010 and the Social Enterprise Business Support Professional WM 2011.
5. & Not as easy as it looks to make (cause I've seen QUITE a few 'versions' - if ya kno what i mean, lol).
I’m glad I’m here. I really truly am. I’ve been glad to be here this whole time, but it’s incredible how that gladness has evolved. At first, it was a shallow gladness. A gladness just to be in a place that was new, to be escaping the places and people that conjured up last semester’s bad feelings. But, recently, I’ve been feeling something new. A deeper gladness. It’s a gladness that I fought for a while because sometimes I’m afraid of feeling things (and don’t look at me like that because I know you are too!!)…
I argued that it was silly for (students who were presumably) christians to get upset by someone asserting that the (supernatural) Jesus is fictional. After all, this is what practically every jew, muslim, hindu, buddhist, atheist, and agnostic in the school believes. More importantly, I argued that the school was wrong to punish Shott for class disruption caused by other students. Shott was following the rules. The idea that a student could be so upset over the assertion that their religion is untrue that they would cause a classroom disturbance, and that a school administrator could put the responsibility for such immaturity on Jeff Shott, and punish him for asserting an unpopular opinion, is outrageous. This sort of issue is exactly what free speech is about.
Except for that weird kid who started with our class, but dropped out during first year because his roommates moved all his shit out one day while he was at class and changed the locks, then he came back the next year. I can't blame them, really. I only had one class with him, and he prefaced absolutely everything with, "Well, when my dad worked for John Deere...." I wanted to stab him with a pencil. Honestly! What does that have to do with anything???
Preheat oven to 100 C (200 F) and line two large baking trays with baking paper.
Happy hopping!
The sea water has an interesting charge to it. As soon as my feet touch it, it feels like there is a release of electricity taking place. I feel more relaxed. And as I wander along the edge of the sea with my nose in the wind and my eyes squinting into the sun I can forget all worries and sorrow and nurture my inner child to the full.
Total Lots Sold: 36
Kerri: I want something, but I don't know what I want.
- having yet another camera break (from overuse probably)
“I never heard of any graveyard around here called Dark Cemetery,” I muttered.
Now I am home today, woke up with my period, and have not felt so great. Ugh I am looking forward to PMS going away. I think I should feel normal again by tomorrow. And by my calculations I should be ovulating around June 7th...... *wink*
I had a teacher once who said, “If you can think of anything else you are passionate about besides acting, do that.Your life will be better for it.”I actually think that might be good advice.I couldn’t come up with anything so I moved to LA.
Indians love cows because they share with us, the milk, that they give their own calves. So they are like our mothers. Even today many Indian refer to cows as Gomata (cow – mother).
So yeah that's why I want to be a Promo girl, freeze any emotion I have to have fun and party hardcore style. I mean if I am destined to be alone, I might as well as fun whilst being on my own right ;)
· Highly adaptable to rapidly changing environments and situations
It was actually a fox that brought us together – her thief lord character whose name, in his language, means “fox”. I read Tirzah’s description of him in one of the many NaNo forums; he intrigued me (foxes? Thieves? Let me in on it!), and I contacted Tirzah to tell her so.
Level 8: MP Cost: 23, jumps for a certain distance.
Eleventh Doctor - Matt Smith
I passed on the tortilla bowl that their salads usually come in and I also passed on cheese and sour cream. I went with lettuce, black bean and corn salsa, grilled chicken, pico de gallo and the mango salsa. They added a little bit of their picante ranch dressing before I could refuse it, but according to the WW dining out guide, it’s only 1 pt+, so it wasn’t a big deal. In total, it was 7 pts+ for the whole salad and it was SOOOO good!! The mango salsa made it. I’m going to make some at home this weekend! I bet it would go great with tilapia. Mmm…
Chowdhary (Om Puri) is a notorious kidnapping kingpin, who makes a living out of demanding ransom. Just when you think Chowdhary is a villain of sorts and some never-ending torture drama will unfold, we discover that Viren alias “chotu” is Chowdhary. Disapproving of his father’s ways, Viren has left home six years ago to work in Patiala as a rickshaw driver. The story unfolds and leads to a dramatic climax involving a shiny horse and a beautiful car!
You see, I had an unexpected baby in September, a month after I was transferred to a new school and my husband started his PhD program. All of these things we know that God has called us to. The Rooster is the sweetest, most even-tempered baby in the history of babies. But my family is just starting and your family is done, and I don’t know if I can do three more years of this without knowing that you are doing it too. I know you don’t know me, and it is so very selfish of me to think this way, but we were in this “holding down the fort while our husband gets his school on because we run a mean egalitarian household” thing together. And I know it makes no sense, but I feel abandoned.
I'm grateful for my parents, who gave me life and raised me to be a responsible young adult. They set my feet on the right path and gave me the freedom to set my own course in life. I'm grateful for my grandparents, great-grandparents, and all their parents and grandparents, for if even one of them had not been around or had said "no" to life, then I wouldn't be here either.
Blue Save $2/1 natural dry cat food 5lbs+ (4/25)
Obviously the big statement is going to be when the ship is in the water. When it is profitable, when we have all these cool start-ups on board. When people see a start-up that is on Blueseed hopefully become the next Facebook or Google…we’d settle for the next Zynga. As people see it in the water and see that it is a successful project and atmosphere and environment, and a cool place to live and as they come on board and see the kind of people that are there. That is the best way to win over the skeptics.
I responded by making loud vomit noises. In front of two children, who had taken that moment to sneak up behind me as I was loading up my basket full of Cherry Coke and Cinnamon Toast Crunch. They looked horrified.
i'm part of that generation that said i will raise my children to be critical thinkers, good of heart and generous of spirit...
By Kirsten Petersen
Sold out.
I've change the image, one colour (used red instead of sage), added paper and a sentiment and embossed instead of stamped the vertical panel.
This time I have been so inspired by everyones amazing and very embellished cards and projects I kind of had a play and this time I've made a bunting/pennent. The papers are from My Minds Eye again and I've used rolled cream flowers, the flourish was cut on my silhouette as are the butterflies which were cut on cream card and I've used my blender stub and added a little pencil to colour them. the ribbon and buttons are from Papermania - oh and the beautiful D'Arcy is coloured in pencils too.
1 salamandrine
If reviewers are commissioned by publications, in my view they should be paid for that work. But it is nothing to me if they are not. That is between them and their employers. What happens at paid shows is nothing to me either. But in my view, both (the employers of) reviewers and competition judges should pay for their show tickets. Otherwise, this is money taken from the pockets of performers. When restaurants are reviewed by most reputable publications, the reviewers remain anonymous and pay for their meals.
We were both hot and tired!
Then it was back to Cindy and John's to buy the Z and get it loaded onto the flatbed trailer. With Drew at the wheel; Pete, John, Jake, Bruce and I pushed the car down the long drive and up onto the trailer. It went much easier than I expected!!
The end goal of designing software is to produce something which provides a benefit that is large enough for one or more customers to at least cover the cost of its production. Of course, the higher the value of that benefit, the more that folks will pay for it. On the other side of the equation you want to provide that benefit at the lowest cost. There is a point of diminishing returns both in looking for the highest possible value and in looking for the lowest possible cost.
~Get well
Russian River IPA
Um, yeah, I think I would definitely like to see pictures of that and all the fantastic things she has at her store!
Choose amid 5 or 20 lives afterwards bold over 5 DK Coins
But of course, its not their fault. And besides, since that is the risk we are dealing with, it would be giving in to terror to not do everything homicidal, suicidal or just generally fungicidal to prevent the terrorists from having their dastardly way.
On the day we decided to tell BB we were moving, Hubby and I dropped him off at music class and we went looking for boxes. We took them home, I cried for all we had lost up to that point, I pulled my shit together, and went to pick BB up. We decided to take him out for lunch (Chick-Fil-A was a rare treat at that point after Hubby’s job loss) and then we’d tell him that we were moving.
Other times you make me sad because you are awesome and so broken. I want to nurture and mommy you.
The fulfillment of retirement dreams
7.SEVERIN "People Are Wrong"
For my first seam, I do not use pins, but you certainly could. The seam binding is a bit sheer and very delicate, so you should be able to see/feel where the edge of your material is. I like to place the binding so a bit more than half of the binding hangs over the edge (if your fabric if thick, you may want to have even more hang over the edge to accommodate the thickness). Stitch this is place and continue unwinding from the spool at your feet until you reach the end of the fabric.
The Barber of Birmingham: Foot Soldier of the Civil Rights Movement
Hello! Just finished up this beauty... I am loving this digital image from Pure Innocence this year. I think it might be the only image I've used twice so far. I don't think my first attempt at white on white did the image justice, so I thought I'd put her in pretty pink this week. I've done several blue and white cards, and although I love that combination, I also am loving the pink-white-silver I have seen on other crafters' cards over the past month. Plus I wanted something soft and feminine for the friend for whom this is intended. =)
Assalamualaikum and hello dear friends,
“Why me?”
I do not relish five years with Gordon Brown as leader. I do not relish five years with a Labour government which continues to erode civil liberties. I do not relish five years of a Labour government which permits 20,000 council workers to enter homes without a warrant.
All my thoughts converge and hover above me, but for now Shiloh lulls me with the gentle ocean waves and the sound of rain. It might be 9am by now. It might be later. Coffee can wait, the plans for the day can wait. For now my eyes are closing, JW lies beside me, his steady breath a familiar comfort. And I am savouring the moment.
Coming back to the first statement example of 10 babies being born at precise time with precise same natal charts. The precise time of birth say for 10 babies at a government hospital produces a similar astrological chart for all babies born- male or female (as astrological charts are drawn on the basis of the soul that reincarnated which can take either a female or male body) and let us assume that the chart states that any one taking birth at that time will have Raja Yoga. This means that they have a tendency to live like kings. This also means that all those babies born at the same time place will have the same Raja Yoga. To ask a question that whether all those become kings is a very valid question but a naïve question. Let us see how.
And yes, the image got squeezed a little for the banner. I'm not a fan of how some papers disproportionately squeeze the strip art for publication (ugh!) -- but here the banner format forced the issue. I tried to keep the distortion to a minimum -- and I think the end result looks fine. The background is made up of assorted Sunday strips drawn by me -- color and black scaled way back so as to let the foreground image and copy dominate. If you see me at a comics or collectors' show, I'll have this thing set up behind me -- it's HUGE!
Another year and then you'd be happy
I usually put some sort of illustration on my postings. Illustrations are there to illuminate but Glady's qualities are illumination enough and now I am glad that you have met her.
That doesn’t mean the level of professionalism or the quality of your work should go down because anyone can be a published author. In fact, I think it means your level of professionalism and the quality of your work has to go up.
I sure hope they restock- I haven't even had a chance to check it out! Did that happen in your city? Or did you score anything great?
Do you do accessories every day?
The restored footage was discovered in a film archive in Buenos Aires and is mainly due to the never ending determination of film archivist Fernando Pena. The reels found were in 16 millimeter and very grainy, subsequently when viewing the film you can easily distinguish where the new found footage is in the restored version in addition to an obvious change in the film ratio.
There is no one. Hear me?
tourism/hydro electric
Next mix together 2 c. warm water, 3/4 T. salt, 1/4 c. honey 1/4 c. oil, 2 c. whole wheat flour. Then add 1 more cup flour and yeast mixture and mix together. I always use my kitchenaid for breads now.
Because as I look into the eyes of child after child who's needs far exceed those that can be wrapped with a bow... I once again realize the depth of the gift of Him, and the gift of your partnership.
In John 15-17, Jesus declares his loyalty to his disciples as friends and reminds them that he has been sharing with them everything that the Father has revealed to him. In addition, Jesus is leaving to prepare a place in the Father’s house for his friends (14:2), and that he when he is gone he will endow them with the resources they need to do the task they have been called to preform, the Holy Spirit (14:26, 16:12-15).
The ending could be a tidy wrap-up for a stand-alone book, or it could lead to a series, and I would like to see that universe expand.
Regular readers will have followed many of the trials and tribulations, early demos, tantrums, tiaras, the 'you name it I have been through it' traumas of making of this album here on axevictim.com - which as you have probably guessed is not actually my name although I do actually respond now to either Axe or Axey. Both of which is a huge irony as far as I am concerned, but so what? I'm just glad that I had the foresight to register axevictim.com as my own domain name in spite of my stealing it from the title of the debut album by Be Bop Deluxe, one of my favorite English bands of all time. Sorry Bill, but I got in first, so fuck off because it's too late for you now. The quick or the dead and all that.
Are you still with me? Whew. That was long I hope you aren't bored! I hope you all had a lovely Valentine's Day and at the very least indulged in some yummy sweets! I know I sure did. Thank you for all of the sweet comments on the last post as well. I think hubby enjoyed the spotlight for the day!
Sorry that I wasted your time “Ron”. While I may be old enough to be your mother, I’m far from stupid. I recognize that we are missing out on human contact with all of these expensive gadgets. I’m both old enough and yet, young enough to realize that human contact is still the best thing in the world for us. And, I’m sticking to that idea.
It was like spring time on a plate; the ravioli were very tender and moist, the greens perfectly cooked and mushrooms soft and buttery. I haven’t eaten beets very often so this presentation was a good option. The beets didn’t overwhelm and the small dice were easy to manage.
Preheat oven to 350-degrees. Combine cornbread mix, 3/4 cup grated Pepper Jack cheese, and chopped jalapeno in a food processor bowl. Add butter, and pulse 5 to 6 times or until crumbly.
So there you have it. Nice to look at, to be sure, but utterly useless to write with. I'm sure there has to be some way to salvage it: technically, all the parts are there, but we must be doing it wrong. Anyone who has ever taken off and put back an Olivetti carriage have any tips for us? In what order do the parts go back in? How does one keep the ball bearings safely in place, not having them spill out with each carriage return? Any videos/ pictures/ tutorials we could look at for help?
So, one relatively fine day, my friends and I made the drive to get McDonald's and comic books...and Nightcrawler was already sold out by the time I got there. Apparently there was two per case or box or whatever, and they went immediately. Although I'm pretty sure my friends were less than sympathetic, I was crushed. I bought an Iron Man PVC, a feeble second-best. And I went back to that comic store many times, and others; and other PVC's were produced in staggering numbers, but I never saw a Nightcrawler one. Not once.
Wisdom
Last week in class we read Lorrain Hansberry’s A Raisin in the Sun. It was my week to write a presentation blog so I wrote about an organization in Tennessee called Hattiloo and linked it with Hansberry’s work in terms of creating a Black identity. But I think I may have missed the target just a little because I was considering Black identity from a White person’s perspective. So what is Black identity? Can it be linked to a defining haircut like the character of Beneatha in Hansberry’s play? Sure it can, but does that make it Black specific? Just because I don’t put a lot of stock in my hair doesn’t mean that another White girl doesn’t.
With all this being said, I have had regular beers in the past be Narragansett Lager, Heavy Seas Marzen, and Yuengling Amber Lager among many others. This isn't my first regular beer and it won't be my last. This just happens to be the regular beer of the moment. Here's to regular beers!
Happy Monday everybody!
I had the privilege of attending a very holy woman's funeral this week. Sister Mary John was 96 years old when she passed away. At the age of 16 she left her family in Ireland to follow her Lord and become a Sister of Mercy. She spent her entire life proforming acts of mercy until she herself needed caring for. Even at the age of 96 she was still learning everything she could, and was always thinking of others. As her eulogy was read there were no great acts or momentous occasions mentioned-just every day ordinary acts of unordinary love.
From there, we headed on over to the stables for some 1-on1 time with many horsies, & kitties, too! Here are some of my favorite photos I caught from the day in Pretty, Sunny SoCal….
Here is the site that Patches found. I thought I had better warn you readers out there (especially those with cats) because you might be in the same boat, and it is better off if you read it for yourself! The author really knows what he is talking about and I fear we may be in for an ambush!
Percy found out later that there are two missing objects; Zeus’ lightning rod and Hades’ helm of darkness, which are the reasons Mrs. Doods attacked him. Luke was a thief and a traitor, Ares, god of war, kept the helm of darkness and was forced to give it to Percy after being defeated in a battle…
5. It’s Only Money (Part 1) (Ballard) 4:06
4) Continue making your way up until you see a scene like in picture 4. be sure to have your cloak of wind equipped then jump off the ledge!You won't be able to jump without it on.
Our family walks into a building — passing through the lobby of a movie theatre, but not wanting to buy tickets or see their show. We are eyed with suspicion by the staff.
Meet at the Visitors Center, Top of the Hill, Fort Greene Park. For more information, call 718-391-8824.
The good news is it the colour really took well to my hair and it was a really even colour from root to tip which is a huge relief. The colour has left my hair really shiny and feeling soft so all in all a great product.
The Eleanor Cross at Charing Cross Station. Following his wife's death in 1290, Edward I erected crosses along the funeral procession route from Lincoln to London. The original was destroyed in 1647 during the English Civil War and was later replaced by a statute of Charles I. This replica, built in 1865 and placed a few hundred yards from the original, is more ornate than the original (click image to enlarge to see detail).
Back with my wife in Tennessee, when one day in ‘08 she called to me,
· . Three ‘Safety Villages’ to be set up at Bengaluru, Kharagpur and Lucknow for skill
A small bridge, just wide enough for one car, lay ahead. She realized, with a horror that rose instantly like a buoy within her heart, that they were headed off the side of the bridge. She screamed as the tires squealed, but it was too late to stop.
Here I am with the talented ladies who threw this beautiful shower for me. I am truly blessed to have such loving people in my life!
Ah, memories. If you grew up in Britain in the seventies, television was a wonderful thing in the early and late afternoon, crammed with shows whose appeal has yet to completely wane. From the sheer animated eccentricity of "The Magic Roundabout" through to the outer space freaky Socialist moon creature whimsy of "The Clangers", and on to the rather more socially aware "Paddington Bear", it's impossible not to talk about these shows without getting wistful and dreamy. Filled with knowing jokey nods to the adults in the room, the overall concept seemed to be about family viewing, rather than simply sitting children down in front of the television by themselves.
The problem is the reliance on the Supercomputer. The data is "smoothed" before it is input. That is to say the figures are rounded up or down. Which is a big mistake. We are dealing with tiny increments of temperature and the figures are "smoothed", that is, the tiny variations of temperature are either added or taken away. Not very scientific is it?
Apple Orchard Digital Scrapbooking Kit – on sale for $4.12
The store had a small banner on the sales rack that mentioned an extra 20% off red-tagged sale items. So, I found my sweater and got the b/f a shirt as well. When I got to the cash, the cashier told me that the promotion had been last week and wasn't going to give me the deal. The manager happened to walk by at that moment and as the cashier told her the situation, she gave me the deal with a heavy sigh. As we were leaving the store, I thanked them and the manager snickers about how I have an eagle eye.
Series: Yes!
head of a fish, tail of a horse, and, for laughs, penis rope.
Widows are able to love again, parents are able to have children again, and so on and so on, time has a cold tight grip on us and there is nothing we can do to change that…
Frost top layer of cake with whipped topping. Top with raspberries and sprinkle with macaroon crumbles. Yum.
Serrano described as very positive the world campaign “Five Days for the Five”, held recently in Washington and involving hundreds of activities in several U.S. states and European and Latin American countries.
in this case.
“Good gracious, she could have remained faithful to him in spirit while she was being unfaithful to him in the flesh. That is a feat of legerdemain that women find it easy to accomplish.’
Who wouldn’t love the freshness of you? Your uprightness? Your stiff upper lip-ness? Somebody’s gotta do it and it might as well be you. Besides, a lot of national holidays land on you so we could say you are an honorary Sunday for parts of the year.
or two, until the habit of choosing the right foodstuffs is ingrained. The easiest way of doing this is to plan your meals based on information gleaned from a book made especially for diabetics. This is similar to, but not the same as, the way the Atkins Diet works in that you must count carbohydrates and especially the fast-releasing carbs – the ones that give your blood-glucose level spikes.
Just writing-in “none of the above” won’t count without a pre-designated slate to receive that vote. The same goes for writing in a specific person’s name — if no slate of delegates exists pledged to that person, those write-in votes get tallied … then tossed.
Jackson-Burch could not be reached for comment. A spokeswoman for the Citrus County School District said all executives were in a meeting, and none returned a call for comment.
It's possible we just didn't get it in front of the right eyes, or it's priced wrong for its ideal customer and we can't reduce it because then we'd be taking a bath. Or it's the wrong season, or we are ahead of our time (I prefer that one), or really, it's just not what people want.
If you scored below an eleven then please consult: “Book Hater, Much?” for more information on your made-up disease.
09.Mothers Of The World 05:18
I can influence my rising; if I love God, he will love me, if I draw near Him, He will draw near me, if I seek Him diligently He will reward me. Even though He is the Almighty, He is a God of principles. He follows his principles in all His actions. If I do what I should do, He will lift me up.
Unusual winter so far this year in Ontario.We are seeing milder temperatures than usual and in central to southern Ontario more rain as precipitation than snow. What little snow we have been getting has melted quickly. 1 1/2 hours north in the snow belt area, they have been getting snow. Good for the ski hills but even they opened late and have had a few too many mild days. Hard to make snow when it is above freezing so the base isn't as good as it may be.
Frankly, this is madness.
“One morning, after a sleepless night worrying over what I could do to straighten myself out, I went to my room alone—took my Bible in hand and asked Him, the One Power, that I might open to a good place to read—and I read ‘For I delight in the law of God after the inward man. But I see a different law in my members, warring against the law of my mind and bringing me into captivity under the law of sin which is in my members. Wretched man that I am! Who shall deliver me out of the body of this death.’
The biggest tourist attraction in Bath, are the Roman Baths.
In many of the mystery schools of various cultures, the letters of the alphabet are held as sacred vessels, used in meditations, and considered keys to the doorways of consciousness. In the modern age, most of us simply take the letters of the words we speak for granted, giving their potentials or inherent power virtually no consideration. In The Unknown Mother, one of Wrenne’s early lessons with Matrina revolves around the hidden significance of the letters of the alphabet.
“They have to sleep in the centre which is locked from the outside and they do not have a key to exit the building,” he said.
… etc.
I did not like that I was in a rush and had to ignore my sudden craving for a piece of pie and a cup of coffee.
The randomly chosen winner of last weeks prize is:
As healing seems to be high on the agenda at the moment here is a little bit about healing herbs and plants..I am not an expert, so this list is by no means complete and comprehensive..its just a guide to help you understand this subject a bit better.
In the interests of raising awareness of this grim spectacle, I have attempted to photograph it:
I received an email this week from a lovely reader Rebecca asking me to share our nightly routine. And in a word I'll say - early. We do everything early here. As soon as we are home from school the kids are outside riding their bikes and playing. I start dinner around 4 and we always sit down to eat before 5. It's just me and the kids and everyone is always hungry so it works for us. Plus by the time we eat dinner and some dessert and I tidy up it seems like we've been sitting forever. If we have an activity on then we eat a bit later and tend to have leftovers or something super easy.
I paper pieced the hat and scarf from the SU Christmas pack of DP, and used the swiss dots CB folder for the white layer. The CS is also from SU Christmas pack....Ruby Red and Old Olive. The lace and buttons are from my stash.
It’s always a challenge for me to preach about the Resurrection of Jesus. It is the central truth of our faith. Jesus physically rose from death; you either believe it or you don’t. In the past I have offered many facts and logical arguments that tell us it is reasonable to believe it. But this year I want to look at the difference it makes in our lives. It makes a huge difference in eternity, of course – the difference between heaven and hell. But it starts to make a difference right now, in the choices we make, and in how we deal with disappoint and grief here in this life.
Lawan Committee on Fuel
the singer who joined the social networking site earlier this year in July hit back at the newspaper tweeting: “I wouldn’t mind but what an ill informed load of crap it is SMH.. 3 words.. Don’t follow me *eggs* haha.”
That pretty much tells you all you need to know from one who has the trained ear and eye for musicianship and entertainment value. But let me just add one little phrase I woke up with in my head this morning.
Dawn’s book makes it easy to laugh through all of the rough times of pregnancy but still makes sure you remember the joyful parts of it too – that the end result is a bouncing beautiful baby that’s yours for the making! And if you’re NOWHERE near the baby-making phase, this is a fun book to give as a gift too!
Crazy huh? How we get so caught up in that particular moment and time - knowing in the back of my head that it's not forever, that it will come to an end...... but blinded and led by my own feelings as so often happens..... I lose sight of time being in His hands.
Hupp hasn’t been following the story too closely, but she catches snippets of news here and there, she said. Her opinion is that the animals should be left at the zoo where they’ll be professionally cared for.
Of course, all of this applies in politics too. And people take it seriously!
“You are very long-lived! As you can see from this thousand-year sacrifice we have begun, we are also long-lived and patient.”
The one year old girl who was part of our group was pretty confused by this whole Disneyland thing. She had no idea where we were or what was going on and just kind of had this perplexed expression permanently plastered on her face the whole time. Wednesday and I felt kind of bad for her and decided to take her on The Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh ride.
But I wasn’t going to let that get in the way! I cleaned everyone and everything up … Patella helped, she licked herself and the floor and licked up all the bits she could reach and find on the walls and cabinet doors, Mei kicked her feet in delight and continued playing with her toys, watching Patella dart around the kitchen, snout to the floor, hunting for more bits to lick up and I put an extra teaspoon of brown sugar, white sugar and a tablespoon (since that’s what I guesstimated that I lost…) of butter back into the bowl. Thankfully, all this excitement meant that the whisk actually beat the butter up enough that I could run the whisk and everything would stay in the bowl this time and cream up nicely! Scraping down the sides of the bowl periodically, I beat the butter and sugars until they were nice, light, creamy and frothy and continued on with the recipe.
Take six pieces of yarn together. Put hook through loop on the tip of the earflap, from the inside out. Pull a loop of the yarns through, and pull the tail end through the loop. With three groups of four strands of yarn, braid. When the braid is desired length, tie a knot at the end, trim fringe to desired length.
Gardening can be a mundane and even annoying task when you have a store just down the street. However, it is absolutely necessary to learn how to do your best with it and be able to provide more than just meat for you and yours. Some plant matter can be gathered as a daily task, but you will almost never be able to forage enough to sustain you and everyone else in most areas. This is just the truth of the world we live in; not everyone lives near water anymore, almost nobody has fruit and vegetable plants in their backyards that grow naturally, and it is really difficult to find edible plants in most urban and suburban (even some rural) areas.
Over the years the shrine, popularly called The Grotto, became known throughout North America as a center of devotion to Our Lady and as a place of solitude, peace and prayer as described by Archbishop Christie during the 1924 dedication ceremony.
What you encounter in "Burning Chrome" is young people growing up so naturally in a technological world that in their 'play' they are capable of destroying the power structures designed to keep them down. Of course Gibson's future is dystopic as hell, except insofar as he suggests that technology will not supplant our inborn instincts, but, at some date we've yet to reach, will help us engage in our behavior at its most human (of course it wouldn't be interesting if Gibson didn't complicate the theme by suggesting we pay a steep psychological price for the combination of technology and cheap consumerism). I wonder what he'd think of Gibson's style, which is certainly more poetic and figurative than his own. What would Dashiell Hammett think if he saw Gibson's blending of SF and Noir?
The comparison above might be helpful for those with a similar colouring to mine. Yes, all of those foundtions match me; odd how they all look so different when swatched side by side. Well, the MAC Pro Lonwear is a bit too yellow toned for my liking, but it can be blended out to match. Colour wise, the Bourjois #52 is closest to Revlon ColourStay 180 Sand Beige.
Technology; there to help us, make our lives easier, but I swear that it is also the bain of my existence most days. Whatever happened to the simple little phone that you could make and receive calls on? Remember how excited we all were when sms / text messages came out – wow, what technology! Now we can send HD pictures wirelessly, music, e-mails, all through a little smart phone that I wanted to smash into the wall… But seeing as the phone was only 24 hours old, I didn’t think that that was the best idea…
Observations on the Controversy
~AF~
All of this, however, is remarkably by-the-by in the topic of today's post. Which is... girly books! Somewhat of a follow on from my post a couple of days ago about finance books aimed at women, with their blinding pink covers.
Gwyn Evans: The Lunatic, the Lover and the Poet charts the rise and fall of this remarkable writer. Head over to the Bear Alley Books website where you'll find details of our special pre-order offer available ahead of publication on Friday, 13 April.
Rigor comes along wearing the multi-hued uniform of performance tasks, formative assessments and standardized tests. It continually exerts pressure and tries to edge out joyful classroom investigations.
You might notice from the above link that it is being made to look as if the Eskenazis have themselves been discomfited by the expropriation, and are at loggerheads with the Argentine government. This is just typical smoke and mirrors from the people that Schopenhauer described as "the great masters of the lie".
How does its need for political expedience to secure the Malay votes and win the general election deal with its avowed intention to implement 1Malaysia that directly rejects Ketuanan Melayu?
And here is the east garden, the strawberry patch, also untouched since last year.
You’d have thought that canvas swag was welded to his ass
31. Touche Turtle
We will work out ….and that means running every day and i am going to do hip hop abs for 30 mins a day.
After finishing the outer edges of the bodice and neckline, the sleeves are fitted while on Ashley and the shoulder straps stitched down. Finally, the skirts are pleated and secured to the bottom of the bodice.
Elsewhere I am emphasizing still life for a change of pace. Find Showers Anticipated and Weaver's Waterfall at the Loft Gallery in historic Occoquan, VA and a mile away join me at the Second Saturday Art Walk, this Saturday, July 9th (6:00-9:00p.m.) to see Poinsettia Profusion and more. I'll be giving an Artist's Talk about 6:30 in the Vulcan Gallery that evening. Wine and other tasty treats available during the reception in the Vulcan Gallery, building W-16, Lorton Workhouse Arts Center.
There’s one little problem with that: there is no rule prohibiting a team that’s not a conference champ from playing in the BCS title game. As Mike Slive told Tony Barnhart:
Nail appointments.
04 Ain't Misbehavin' (I'm Savin' My Love For)
I’ll do another post on the DIY linen bulletin board, the “art”. and the items on the shelves later. Just want to add though that the “donuts” are actually a tea towel by Avril Loreti that I framed.
even if there is no way to tell
2 cups white wine vinegar
BOB HOCKO vcls A B
If you have a tripod for your camera then set it up in front of your light box, if you don't have a tripod then add one to your christmas list! For now you can stand your camera on something to balance it.
I just read a friend's blog post describing her back and forth with Valentine's Day. Commercial, jaded and grown-up v. romantic, inspired and whimsical. Most of us experience a little of both. I love having fresh flowers in the house but flinch when presented with a florist's bouquet on Valentine's Day as I know the cost, while equal to the sentiment, was inflated. Especially with roses. So, while my male readers may be small in number, I offer some advice.
26. If cow-man pass wild meat whah mek me must pick up am. You should not go against the decision or choice of a person you feel is qualified to make the right choice.
This is a subject I love. I've always been an avid reader, am a published poet, and am working on several books I hope to one day publish. So, to say I have an appreciation for this subject is a bit of an understatement. Plus, this is one subject that neither kids dislikes too much. Yes, Jay has Dyslexia & Dea struggles with Writing. However, both make steady improvement in their weaker areas, which really aren't that weak anyway. Both kids are avid & strong readers, which also helps make this an enjoyable subject to cover.
Seaweed (sushi type), 1 piece
I cut out a fluted rose with my cricut and staggered 3 layers. Then put some gold paint in the center and covered with tiny beads. I punched out some hearts and made 2 "buttons" and then put a couple of gold paint dots next to the hearts.
And let’s not forget, future college equestrians, that CC does have an IHSA hunt seat team. They train at MM Equestrian Center in nearby Fountain and the equestrian club is a student-run campus organization. (Check out their Facebook page here for updates.) The equestrian center also holds its own series of schooling shows right on site, which can be another option for equestrian students looking to keep their competitive edge.
But sometimes what looks so neat and orderly on paper is anything but, and the hours and days that go by with a list uncompleted is like a load of bricks on my mind. Sometimes it’s because the task is reliant on some external factor for completion or perhaps it’s more complicated or tedious than it first appeared to be. Or sometimes it’s simply because I spend hours and days trying to avoid it.
Thyme, ½ teaspoon (dried)
Once the building begins, it's going to be 4 months before they finish so I'll have plenty of time to gather new ideas for my new place since a lot is going to be changing and I can't wait :D
you have a right to choose what you want your child to see or not see. Use it. I know I would.
Name of Recipe:Recipe URL(if applies)
Is it because we're empty nesters? . . . yeah partially . . .
The One X stands at 134.4 x 69.9, while the Galaxy S III is just a bit bigger at 136.6 x 70.6mm. Of course, the S III’s slightly larger screen accounts for the difference.
When Mick Ward and his partners opened The Irish Embassy Pub in downtown Durango in 2008, it was a truly unique place within the context of the local bar scene.
The interns stifled their laughter, and my grin only grew. I couldn’t help it.
So remember, if you feel off centre or emotional at times (which is highly likely during these release periods), you can connect up into your higher self, or the greater spirit to re-empower yourself. Just close your eyes and imagine a column of light extending from the top of your head, up into the sky. Feel that connection and remember you are not alone. This column connects you to the universal life force, and can calm the body when it becomes too invested in what is going on horizontally on Earth and forgets that you are connected to everything.
So my question to anyone in the know is, was the candidate selection on Oct 3rd last year, as Saj claimed, or around mid-March, as the anonymous writer alleged?
I recently lost my hard drive in my computer and lost all of my digital layouts. I had backed up my photos though. I now begin the daunting task of redoing all those layouts. Here's the first one:
We tried to figure out the auto-timer.
- 35 inches tall! They used to say that if you measure your little girl on her second birthday (and your boy when he's 2 1/2) and double that you will get their adult height. That would mean Darcy will be 5'10"! That would be really shocking coming from a mom as short as me, and she would only be 1 1/2 inches shorted than Drew. :) HA. I heard that theory on my family website and it was proven wrong many times in my family, but it's fun to try. She really is tall though. She's one of the younger ones in nursery, but quite a bit taller than mostly everyone in there.
or be naive about once
5. What’s the worst thing about being an expat in New York City?
16 And the Lord God commanded the man, “You are free to eat from any tree in the garden;
The flavor of the Madagascar chocolate is unique and fine. You can choose a milk chocolate bar with 44% cocoa or get a strong bold bar with 80% cocoa in it. Unique mixes of flavors in the Sea Salt and Nibs or Pepper and Citrus bars. You can taste the earthy flavor and detailed workmanship in each bar. You aren't just eating a chocolate bar, you are investing in a community!
I found a pattern for the rainbow fish online. The kids used watercolors to paint the fish and then glued on some glitter and a googly eye. I had them glue the fish to colored paper, if I was to do it again I would have them glue the fish to card stock.
Round 3 of "Which Sucks Less" this week: DS Lite vs. DSi. I had a continued annual of absorbing capacity for this week's episode… which is still sitting on my computer lath beyond I larboard it that morning, so I appealing abundant abutting in whatever capacity came up.
Today's giveaway is for those of you who like e-books. Preorder a copy of THE COWBOY TAKES A BRIDE today March 20th from 12:00 noon CST to 8:00 p.m. CST on ebook and I'll send you a $10.00 Amazon gift card.
The opportunities in basketball, baseball, and perhaps soccer and wrestling are there, too.
DW: Ponzi schemes. Yeah.
So you all know that Summer & I went to the coast with my dad & grandparents for Gabriel's 1st birthday... and that didn't go badly, it just didn't go how I expected or wanted it to go. I felt like it wasn't about him. I so upset and crying& Summer was the only one that even acknowledged that I was crying/hurting/upset. The rest of my family acted like they didn't even notice my crying. Anyway see previous blog for that news.
Upon walking into my bedroom last night there on the floor at the end of my bed is a fledgling...in pieces, many pieces. I'll spare you a photo of that & let you use your imagination.
And most of all, I know God is with us. He provided everything. Big deals from ty'd old job. My mom paying for the rental truck. A place to live with half off the deposit. A view of the bay and even stairs leading up to our house (something silly that I wanted). I feel peaceful. I enjoy my job. Ty starts at Honda on Monday.
Do try some of these delicious wines if you get the chance.
A simple, but fun little organizing project.
I feel like if I was a better person, I'd make my own cleaning products, mod-podge, marshmallows, and cook dinner every night from scratch, while whipping up a wreath for every season/holiday and making my own cards and gifts (specifically body scrubs and bath salts).
“Oh please, no!” Olivia pleaded.
The Dow doesn’t reflect the true picture in the U.S. — let alone in Europe.
Then on April 2nd, 2012, I received an email from ncarry.com (Nimbuzz company) that you can book Aakash through their website and receive the tablet within a week. I called up ncarry’s call centre number and to my surprise they picked up the phone. They assured that they have the tablets in their website and if I do booking by paying online, I will have the tablet within a week. I completed the booking at that very moment.
Ever larger domestic program cuts branded as austerity will be required to fund the MIC’s ever larger corporate welfare programs.
We had an absolutely wonderful time. So much fun, and such good company. Today, sadly, I'm back, back to the drudgery of eating Egg Beaters and roughage, reading bedtime stories, and having to pay for my cocktails. My high-roller glory days are behind me. I won't look back.
Clear.
As the crisis heads into what is termed a “double dip” recession, imperialism has its tentacles spread thin. Three wars, responsible for countless tens of thousands of civilian deaths, are being run by the Democrats, while covert actions and drone strikes cross more borders than Wikileaks can keep up with. The workers of North Africa, the Middle East, Europe, and China are attacking their governments and taking massive strike and protest actions. With the collapse in the bailouts of Greece, Spain, Portugal, Ireland, and the potential downgrading of the USA's bond rating by Moodys, it is clear the big bosses of the world economy see no way out except imposing massive austerity measures, which they expect the trade union leaders, the Social Democrats, the Labor Parties, and, in the USA, the Democratic Party to administer. And the class traitors at the head of our unions are following right along – witness SEIU Local 1000's endorsement of Governor Brown's regressive tax plans in California.
Jekel Loves Hyde by Beth Fantaskey
“I can’t remember much after I got to the Court, but I know I was in no fit shape to handle a Sherim.” She pushed herself to her feet and put a hand on his shoulder, “Besides, I think I know where we are.”
Now this is a good basic cookbook. It is perfect for beginners but also for seasoned cooks who like to keep a reference book on food on the shelf. What I like about this book is that it explains how to select, store, and prepare everything from herbs to meat. There are recipes included throughout, but this book is more about the food itself and the community which produces it. Stories about the producers and the people involved in bringing the food to the Bi-Rite Market also make the book seem very familiar. This is an amazing book, and I think it is a book everyone should keep on their bookshelf. It will quickly become your most used cookbook, I bet.
December 22, 2011 ~ Social worker came for her first of four homestudy visits.
"The U.S. has become known as the best beer nation in the world. This reputation is in thanks to the innovation and passion of America's craft brewers who have taken beer styles to the next level. During American Craft Beer Week our goal is to get 10,000 Facebook users to become supporters of the American Craft Beer Week fan page, and thus declare their beer independence," stated Julia Herz, a spokesperson for the Brewers Association.
Set a tone
and has been beautifully cultivated into a
Snack was macadamia nuts.
Franklin admired Whitefield as a fellow intellectual but thought Whitefield’s plan to run an orphanage in Georgia would lose money. He published several of Whitefield’s tracts and was impressed by Whitefield’s ability to preach and speak with clarity and enthusiasm to crowds. Franklin was an ecumenist and approved of Whitefield’s appeal to members of many denominations, but he was not himself converted. After one of Whitefield’s sermons, Franklin noted the:
…I would like to say a few words in respect of the various other participants, besides ourselves, in the Munich Agreement. After everything that has been said about the German Chancellor today and in the past, I do feel that the House ought to recognise the difficulty for a man in that position to take back such emphatic declarations as he had already made amidst the enthusiastic cheers of his supporters, and to recognise that in consenting, even though it were only at the last moment, to discuss with the representatives of other Powers those things which he had declared he had already decided once for all, was a real and a substantial contribution on his part. With regard to Signor Mussolini, . . . I think that Europe and the world have reason to be grateful to the head of the Italian government for his work in contributing to a peaceful solution.
Hope you guys have a great weekend!
Here is how I put it together
If anyone hears my voice
20. Do you have any weird food habits?
HEYY!!
Also, whatever you choose, make a point to celebrate the little good things along the way. I've come to savor the small miracles. They might be the only ones I get! Even if the Big Stuff doesn't happen, there's a lot of beauty and satisfaction to be found in the work of writing.
to proceeding with a residential development. This is hardly a basis for the State to
Vegan Options: Grilled Vegetable & Whole Grain Salad – Seasonal Vegetables and Mixed Greens with Barley, Spelt and a Basil vinaigrette
No seriously dude- don’t say that.
I start writing again and people start reading again. Of course I got many hits from my blog on Mass Effect 3’s ending, as it is a popular topic these days, but even the other blogs have gotten some hits. More than this someone started following me! I don’t use Twitter and generally I loathe Twitter more than any other social media advent, so the fact that someone ‘follows’ me is new and kind of cool.
I am sure, that like me, this weekend you really must get some shopping done. I have not stepped one foot into a store yet this year and will have a lot to make up for! Thank the powers that be for online shopping and free shipping is all I'm sayin'.
Where is the knowledge we have lost by not having knowledge cafes. I made that one up. To put it simply David Gurteen has struck upon the most fundamental of concepts, the benefits of putting people together randomly to elicit conversation. The number of participants, quantity of business cards exchanged and overall level of smiliness were indicators of another hugely successful event. I had a great time, meeting new people, learning new things and making sense of my own thoughts, Thanks again David.
Look at the money that I can save!
Thu- off
French’s ear for the exact registers and locutions of Indian speech, reported without smirks or condescension, elevates his work above most other books of reportage on the country, eliding the distance from one’s subjects that often appears in the work of other writers and turning his narrative into an impressive act of ventriloquism in the manner of the Suketu Mehta’s Maximum City or Sonia Faleiro’s recent Beautiful Thing. Late in the book, an army officer is heard saying, as he describes a face-off between two colleagues, “The 2IC, the second-in-command, started abusing him when he was giving a report, saying your mother, your sister and all.” In such instances it is not the space granted to the subject as much as the attention to cadences of his voice that humanizes him.
But it's more interesting than just that. Did you notice that the Stout contained two different types of brettanomyces, but the Pale Ale just one. That implies that one of the types almost certainly wasn't in the pitching yeast. Unless the Pale Ale and Stout were pitched with different yeasts.
a life where they do not add to me
My cool, suave response was, "Um, I'm with her," nodding to my friend. I was freaked out! This was crazy!
Foer took that advice to mean that we should always retain a little of the restlessness and angst of youthfulness, that idealism that can keep us up at night, that burning desire and belief that we can make a better world. But also we must mature, we must grow into adulthood. We must learn to love the world, as much as we yearn to better it.
He said 'Are you sure? I could drop by. I'm just on my way home. And I'm not gonna be doing anything really...'
sufficient water
Petunia couldn’t believe it. Not only did she get to model Mr. Forquet’s dress in Italy, but at a lavish dinner for eighteen at La Cisterna, one of Rome’s swankiest restaurants. It was too good to be true, and it certainly hadn’t made any sense. Until, that is, her neighbour had confided to her over dessert (and a glass or six of chianti): the Vogue Patterns team had rather a lot of budget to use up before the end of the financial year.
3. Springtime means bare feet. At least around here. Think about the last long walk you took, on purpose or not, how far did you walk?
They create endless hours of fascination for my cats (and sometimes myself - the young ones are so cute.) Last year they created havoc on my Halloween pumpkin.
I have decided to call this challenge ‘River Cottage Rocks’. All you have to do is blog a River Cottage recipe on a chosen theme for that month.
TICK (above left)
Primitives Crash UK
Hence today’s post.
There is no way to sum this one up. The desolation, the anger, the defiant hope.
I was on the high way in a matter of minutes, and no one appeared to be chasing me. My hands shook as I checked my camera, it was unharmed. Then I reached inside my pocket for the tape recorder. I pulled it out. It and my hand were covered in blood. Then I felt it. The worst pain I have ever felt in my life. I felt for where the wound was and applied pressure.
These forms of treatments are based upon beliefs that differ from the disease concept favored by Western medicine. What is referred to as illness by Western medicine is considered in traditional Chinese medicine to be a matter of disharmony or imbalance.
It’s the film’s score that stirs up the deepest emotions. The most uplifting music and lyrics can be heard by South African composer Mauritz Lotz along with international gospel artist Michael W. Smith. As a South African, it’s always exciting for me to see local landscapes draped across the big screen and the film does contain beautiful South African scenery. We really are blessed.
We headed off down Koningstraat, looking for the baker’s shop at number 37. It was built in 1900 and has a stone sculpture of a baker above the shop door. It is no longer a baker, it sells antiques, but was not open.
Hugo-"Should I?"
Under general supervision, this position exists to assist the organization in making strategic data-related decisions by analyzing, manipulating, tracking, internally managing, and reporting data. This position functions both as a senior analyst and as a high-level statistical analytics programmer.
"You're getting 10 swats tomorrow for coming to bed late (and making me stay up til 1am - he was kidding on that part)"
Wa ai ni, I love you Zai jian.
The Recipe:
Once again thanks to everyone who has sent in pictures or posted a comment to let me know they're using my patterns. It's always wonderful to see the unique touches that everyone adds to their creations!
No really. Veggies read no further...
Connor says the number 23 is evil.
But the president won't. Despite his promise to get to all the facts. Because there's no such thing as "Islamist terrorism" in ObamaWorld.
Advice: Accept your feelings as they come up and let them go. Go directly to your heart chakra and feel the emotion. Expand it outward to your all yourfields and breathe deeply from the belly all the way up to your upper chest. Just feel the feeling and let it evaporate on its own. Don’t direct the emotions at anyone.
The background was created with Paint Squishings and the dragonfly fairies came from the Sum of All Crafts, thank you Valerie. This was created with my free digi programme so its a bit basic, but quite pretty and fun.
la la
Or has it ????
Those walkable downtowns are where our natural allies live. Some of them don't own cars. Some keep the car in the driveway all the time. Some curse their cars every time they get behind the wheel. The people who live in between are the ones who tend to vote for sprawl boosters like Nan Hayworth.
or last year's fir needles. Each hillside speaks
Sometimes the shopping list is longer, of course, when I buy personal products.
The American Wind Energy Association statistics show Texas leading in U.S. wind resource measurements and predict that wind power “could provide 19 times the state’s current electricity needs.”
“You need some iron to live in the big city,” said Hermel.
Let’s just keep our eyes open, and see what the next big quickly-passing fad will be, shall we?
But if we're going to point out flaws in '94 UD, I need to know what ever possessed Upper Deck to put that squashed mini version of the main photo in the bottom left corner. What a pointless design element. The black-and-white photo is barely legible in some of the horizontal cards.
Musings on a series of unfolding plots: What is being kept from us The Return of Christian Terrorism The Great American Bank Heist – On the Day we Reach a Monthly Foreclosure Filing Record Banks Announce Record Profits and the Stock Market is up 80 Percent. Foreclosure rates surge, biggest jump in 5 years International Users Count Me Out – Take a stand for church/state separation
Sentiment Personal Impressions
It has just won 4 oscars... including best movie of the year (big one), best actor, best director.
Victims feel shame because there’s a perception/expectation that you are treated the way you deserve – that if you remain in a relationship (romantic, work, friends, family, any type) that makes you feel bad; it’s because you must want to or deserve to be treated poorly.
Paragraph 11 is an example of what many consider to be antiquated language in the Constitution, particularly with reference to the terms “Letters of Marque and Reprisal” and “Bill of Attainder.” Yet many terms considered to be antiquated not only have relevance to our modern day, but they also offer a window into the attitudes and historical events that created the United States. Only by understanding their context is it possible to understand the issues to which the Constitution speaks—then, and now.
Once Tommy’s father is dead his last tie to the ordinary chump humans of Earth is severed and he’s a good little brownshirt for quite a while. Until something happens. Until the loss of something that matters to him. Maybe he really does finally win Mina’s heart. And maybe he loses her to something the Narrin did. I wonder what will happen to him as a result, and what he’ll leave behind?
and I've left it a bit late this year but next year my first christmas project will be an advent calendar like Lyndy's beautiful one here.
We took a Discovery River Cruise and on our return to the docks we got to meet Lance Mackey and his sled dog, Amp.
I have a standard Wi-fi Ipad, but at UK, I was given access to their Internet system. That meant I could send information and photos to my fellow researchers and get feedback as I worked. I also purchased a keyboard to go with my Ipad, and took notes at the Filson House–transcribing what I saw on the back pages of the little prayerbook.
W. C. Morrow – The Surgeon’s Experiment
In 2006, the Health Department considered dropping their requirement for gender reassignment surgery before switching a birth certificate's gender or sex-identifier, but did not do so citing identity fraud concerns.
T asked me why I felt the way I do. I told him that the reason might be as simple as the following. I feel more comfortable with a woman in many situations – I would choose a female gynecologist over a male, and when I need to discuss relationship issues, I’d most likely discuss these with a female friend rather than a male friend – unless I needed some male input. But if I just needed to vent, I’d go with a woman.
"What's Eatin' You" - 3:36
There are additional shipping fees charged by our carriers for over-sized and/or heavy items. If your purchase falls into this category, you will be emailed prior to shipping with the additional charges and they will need to be paid prior to delivery.
There’s way too much emphasis placed on ensuring beer ads feature the type of “regular blokes” that “regular blokes” can identify with. This casting by numbers results in a kind of uniform blandness where everyone in the ad looks the same and lacks character of any kind as a consequence (Take a look at the drinkers in the recent campaigns for Carlsberg, Fosters, Coors, Strongbow for example. They’re all interchangeable).
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Lightly grease a cookie sheet.
Stock Market (IBEX)
By the time we arrived back home any unwanted thoughts had disappeared into the fresh air (Bruce said if it didn't involve food it wasn't really worth talking about) and I'm back to "normal". . .albeit aided and abetted this evening by a glass of chammy- purely medicinal of course!
Find something that makes you happy, and do that. Often.
The Plot: Wow. This is hard. It's about the Bluth family, a wonderfully dysfunctional, functional family. The father (and head of the family company) was just arrested and is in prison, good son Michael is trying to keep the family, the business, and the finances together. It's a bit hard because his family is out of control. And they are so over the top that words fail me.
While I’m writing this diatribe of whiningness, however, the television news reporters are giving updates on the storms that have hit us in Oklahoma the last few days. Five people died in the tornado that hit Woodward early this morning. Massive destruction of property.
Off to Colombia…
to gather my words
“Done. I will pick you up from there. Ummm, but can I request you something?”
It was also good to see some familiar faces who I hadn’t seen in a while, the 1Xtra team were out in full force, Sandy, Rhodri, Nick Bright, Austin and MistaJam. I also got to meet Sincere, a rapper everyone will have heard of very soon.
Oh, by the way, Happy Independence Day, Mr. President. I hope you’ve received the card President Obama sent you. I’ve got mine here.
The anglophile in me would like to see some love dished out for Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - if for no other reason than Gary Oldman finally getting a (much deserved) Oscar. The Artist has gotten a steady stream of good buzz from everyone I know who has seen it, but being popular among seasoned filmgoers
Paul was very speculative as a child. It’s easy to say “he didn’t understand what he was doing” and yes, to a point, he didn’t. He didn’t always understand the consequences of his actions - in fact most of the time he didn’t - but he did understand the action itself.
Welcome to the new DownUnder Direct Inspiration blog. Here you will find lots of fantastic projects using the wonderful range of products from DownUnder Direct. The DownUnder Direct range includes Bazzill Basics Paper, JustRite Stamps, Spellbinders and Swarovski Crystals.
Sometimes, being offered more than you asked for is not a good thing.
And in the lighted palace near
Hope you have a great weekend, spending time with your family and love ones.
With Sharpton sidelined, Guardian Angels founder Curtis Sliwa, a Canarsie native, was the main marquee name. He had not previously been associated with project proponents and, after a look at the distinctly mixed crowd, declared, “It took a project like Atlantic Yards to bring so many of us together.”
Is certain,
Ben: Absolutely - Julianne Moore, Kristen Scott Thomas and Sandra Bullock
New York Times equals crediblity, and the chorus has earned that. Kids, you should be so proud of all your accomplishments! And this is a big one.
We ended up sitting there for an hour while the others started to play games in the garden, and we didn’t see time go by. After a little while, I felt very close to him, his life was very far away from mine and yet I could very much understand his choices and how he was growing from it all. I felt very close to him indeed. We were interrupted in the end as we were urged to join the common game and we decided to go, and I left very energised.
The first time I tried it was on vacation in Australia. I’ve never had Greek food aside from fast food-type gyros, so my husband urged me to try this new dish. Holy cow, this was GOOD! The sauce was rich and savory with a touch of warm spices, and the tender eggplant soaked up all that delicious flavor. But a taste of the creamy, cheesy bechamel that topped it off sealed the deal. That night, I vowed to make my husband moussaka.
I pledge to use “cunt” in a positive way at least once a day, every day. Its new definition: (n) a fantastic, fabulous, powerful, sensational, pungent, astounding, sultry, dynamic, brilliant, ravishing, resplendent, and stunning woman.
So thrilled to welcome back the charming pair of Love + Lavender, Aileen and Ellen, who have been guest posting every Thursday this month here on Classic Bride. Today the girls will be sharing one last pretty board with us - all about hydrangeas ... my favorite! Let's swoon together ... :
In Stark tower, Hulk smashes Loki like a basketball. Iron Man saves the earth by exploding a bomb in the alien spaceship.
Hi, just showing off the card I made using a card sketch from 'Scrap Your Socks Off'
Link:
I’ve never sought out this Billy Idol song. It was on the radio in the mid-80s just as often as “Sister Christian,” and I don’t remember if I ever liked it in the first place. Though I haven’t yet seen it, the Eyes Without a Face film is much more appealing as it seems to take the possibly terrifying imagery conjured by the title more seriously. It’s a 1960 French film by Georges Franju, and you can learn more about it here.
Does it matter that I still think of you every day?
But instead I'm thinking about this poem, because I think it was written for a day exactly like this one...
"Terroir" is a French word we usually think of in relationship to winemaking. It means "land," or "earth," and is shorthand for goût de terroir, literally "taste of the earth." Winemakers talk of terroir as the totality of the effect of place on grapes and wine: the soil, the altitude, the latitude, the surrounding topography, the climate, the local flora and fauna.
Adjective your Customers would use to best describe you?
I'm just going to jump around and tell little stories about the day, taking my lead from the pictures.
But the plus side of course, is everything you think it will be. I under-use the capability without a doubt. On account of my lack of capability. I love that I can screen shot ideas when I'm browsing; at the crop tomorrow for example, I have LO sketches to hand without having to print them. Likewise directions, receipts etc.
Jama Masjid – it is located in front of the glorious Red Fort. The Jama Masjid is the largest mosque in India. It is noticed for its religious and historical significant.
"If I could keep you little,
I also bought an apple peeler, some clear-jel, labels for jars that I can personalize. I'm set.
02 Ain't Misbehavin' (I'm Savin' My Love For)
Here are a few subtle or not-so-subtle differences about the Aussie lifestyle to an American visitor (all images are iPhone photos from my AnneRuthmann Instagram feed):
Would you testify of Jesus Christ knowing you are the only believer present? The apostle Paul did it time and again, oftentimes facing severe opposition. He sincerely believed what he wrote in Romans 8:31. “If God be for us, who can be against us?”
I wonder if there’s a connection between bulimia and suppressed misery? I never cry when I need to. Since my grandmother died, I haven’t let myself. I got so used to not crying because I thought that if I started I wouldn’t be able to stop, that now I don’t cry over anything. There’s a lot of anger mixed up in that too – think a big family fight over my dad not getting any say in his mother’s funeral – and that’s always a big trigger for my eating disorder.
A restaurant that is in my top 10 favorite restaurants in Chipotle! I love the tacos, I love the burrito bowls, and of course I love the chips, salsa, and guacamole! I tried to recreate the burrito bowl a few times and failed! I could never catch all of the flavors that are in the original. Then my sister showed me a post on a blog called Iowa Girl Eats, which recreated perfectly. I made it exactly like she said the first time, then every time since then I have made my own little changes. I add corn and red onion with the beans, the seasonings also tend to change based on what I have on hand, and I ALWAYS add homemade guacamole! So feel free to make your own changes that better suite your family's tastes!
Assad vows to aid peace mission
During the American Revolution, packet ships remained an important part of intelligence and communication for and in the American colonies. Moving a piece of information from Charleston to Boston by land took several weeks, but by sea, when the winds were favorable, a message could be moved in a few days.
‘No,’ he told her. ‘It just makes you wonder whether it’s insane.’
It's early - I'm rambling - I'm going to put on some jeans and wait for Bella.
16- Nudo 6.28
“Coffee makes us severe, and grave, and philosophical.” – Jonathan Swift
2 fancy
TV scriptwriter Nigel Crowle agreed when I asked him about Frank: “He never seemed to switch off,” Nigel told me.
It's a very unusual book, in terms of the voice, the theme and the structure. I hope it does very well.
34 B-14 (Projected). September 11: The ABC’s of a Citizen’s Responses. (Sources: Items D-IX/12(A)/2001, D-IX/13/2001, D-IX/17/2001, D-IX/12(B)/2001, D-X/10/2001, D-XI/11/2001, D-XII/7(B)/2001, D-I/20(B)/2002, D-II/8/2002, D-III/12/2002, D-IV/25/2002, D-IV/26/2002, D-VI/1/2002, D-X/10/2002, D-II/12(B)/2003, D-IX/8/2003, D-XI/6/1977, D-IV/7/1981, D-VIII/28/1986, D-X/4/1990, D-IV/26/1991, D-XII/7/1991, D-IV/15,1995, and D-V/1/2001, below, as well as fifty-two Letters to Editors. See, for samples of these letters, Items E-V/8/1997, E-VI/0/2002, and E-Vii/4/2003, below.) This study is to be published in the Oklahoma City University Law Review (in 2004), without its previously published appendices, and thereafter, it is to be hoped, in book form. See Steve Neal’s column, Chicago Sun-Times September 10, 2003, p. 49. (The 2004 law review version is to have three appendices: Item D-IX/18/2003, BELOW, ITEM A-4, above (main text), and Item D-V/1/2002, below.)
As for me, Nick and I have our own little family now.
One trend identified by the cybersecurity firm was that cyberattackers have become more discerning about their choice of target when launching an attack and spend less time attacking large organizations. Attacks have struck organizations of all sizes and all types of personnel. Data breaches are up, and attackers have shown more interest in mobile devices.
I'm in Vietnam as this post comes onto the blog. Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrate it!
Okay, now that you're back, let's do some self-examination. Jennifer writes,
Looking back, I guess there were signs. I think. But we talked about so many things, things we'd each experienced, fears we each had, things we were looking for, so I guess I wasn't expecting something like this. Because he'd been so open with me about so many things, being blindsided has completely floored me. I really don't know what to do other than just given him the space he seems to so desperately want.
Low carb diets have been around for a long time, but the ‘carbs are bad’ phenomena seems to have reached a critical mass – a tipping point – in the last few years, and nowadays even people who aren’t trying to lose weight tend to associate eating carbs with failure and almost certain weight problems.
Ultimately, the internet, television and social networking were tools to be used by the Tunisians who took to the streets. Internet revolutions are a work in progress that began in Belgrade. In 1998 Slobodan Milosevic, the president of Yugoslavia, banned the opposition radio station B-92. Its journalists used the internet and servers in Amsterdam to get their stories out. Two years later the Milosevic regime was brought down by a popular uprising.
Jan 16 – Police conclude their probe into the NFCorp, and present their findings to the Attorney-General for further action.
I'm not sure whether it was the smaller quantity of food (quality of food sucked this week..more on that in a minute), or the walking I did this week...but something clicked and I broke through my plateau this week. I'm officially into the one teens again. A total weight loss of 31 lbs since January, with 9 more to go.
Turn oven to 350 and go run errands. Come back in 1 hour and remove. Let cool.
311) red and green chillies gleaned from the garden
Format: 2 × CD, Compilation
Cons: Nothing happens on Columbus Day. There is no day off, there is no celebration. Really, it does make sense since this holiday is celebrating the fact that an Italian guy couldn’t work a map and compass.
Little Women (1949) ... TCM ... 8 AM
However, even this quirk of nature hasn’t been able to hold back the tide of deterioration, and ever since that visit I’ve been struggling ever harder to read the small print on tins and packets of food. And when I’m that extra bit tired even the TV guide is starting to be held at arms length.
Baroness Thatcher, 86, underwent laser eye surgery while in office in 1983.
When the heroes among the Kurus and Pāṇḍavas attained their heroic ends, and the son of Dhṛtarāṣṭra wept with a spine broken by the crushing blows of Wolf-Belly’s club, the son of Droṇa beheaded the sleeping sons of Kṛṣṇā, thinking it would please his master, who deplored the disgusting deed.
The information given in this book is quite useful to those who feel at a loss when watching a loved one go through cancer. The fact that it is written by a former cancer patient makes it that much more meaningful. This is someone who has been there and knows what is really helpful and what isn't. She was fortunate enough to have friends and family who seemed to have instinctively known what to do to help her through her own ordeal. She also had extreme faith in God.
So. Here is where we are. We juice lots of green leafy vegetables for about three days at a time and start the day out with a big glass. Water with lots of lemon. Very little coffee. (This is all the alkaline stuff.) Fewer starches (mostly for him.....I haven't gotten serious about it yet). More bone broth. And a cruciferous vegetable everyday. Got that idea from Martha Stewart Living. I mean, I already knew they were really good for you....but the idea of eating one (or more) everyday? Sounds good to me. Plus we happen to love all those vegetables. Here are some of the recipes we have tried or will be trying soon.
We found the PERFECT ring, something that I had been wanting since we before we got engaged & I was looooving it. We purchased the ring but I told him that I wanted it to be a surprise when he was going to give it to me. (for our engagement I was surprised on how he did it, but i knew it was coming!)
14. The human heart creates enough pressure while pumping to squirt blood 30 feet!
Unfortunately he got hit by a double whammy, though, as he still owns and rents out his mom’s old house in Bellevue, and it was nearly completely submerged. Last we spoke, which has been a while now, he still didn’t know where his renters had fled to, but presumably by now they’re probably some of the folks out there having to sift through and throw away most of the entire contents of the house. I know he sure wasn’t looking forward to the expected hassle forthcoming with his insurance company and was already preparing himself to be SOL.
I wish the camera did this fabric justice. The bright clear reds next to that perfect retro green.....yummy! This was the first time I've found that color, note to self....buy more.
Most people attribute these sorts of bad habits that children come by to either their father or that kid down the block who doesn't get bathed frequently enough.
Davros will also make an appearance
So yes, something may stir inside me causing me to cry tomorrow. While my probable tears for my homeboy will be of joy, there is one that I know that I can’t stop from falling– a remnant of the pain still left inside from a great love that just simply could not go any further.
Narcissistic traits are very common among prominent politicians around the world.
Quickly add the cut butternut squash and cut carrots into the cooking mixture and keep stirring around often with the wooden spoon.
Mere trivia, but enough to make me pick The Red Mill first from a stack of DVDs on my shelf. It’s a half effort, unworthy, at least, of its director and writer, and possibly its star. But watching Tina and Dennis fumble through the ‘haunted’ windmill—scared shitless by bits of cloth in dim light and the thumps of bowling balls on wooden stairs—I can say the film ends poetically. The Red Mill is much ado about nothing, and these two, dim as they are, belong together.
Grease and line a large round cake tin.
Price: $4.49
For pastitso, it’s basically the same, except instead of eggplant, you use noodles (elbow macaroni/penne)
Why Do You Read Books?
There's also the question of what kinds of publishers and agents use the site--if they use it at all. The more professional and high-profile sites may draw at least some reputable people--but display sites can also be a magnet for bottom feeders.
So, this little glitter egg project started because when I was home in Minnesota for Christmas, my mom and I stumbled upon the cutest ceramic egg trays, and my mom kindly decided that they needed to be mine. As many of you know, I have absolutely nothing to do with real eggs (it's a story that goes way back...) so why on earth would I covet little egg trays? Well, because I pictured the little dishes filled with all things bon bons, dipped homemade marshmallows, mini desserts and well...glitter eggs.
Honorable daughter number two sleeps with her cell phone Scotch-taped to her ear, so I called and advised her to search Emily's clothing from the last three days, conveniently still located on the floor of her room. The license was located, and as I returned to the Buffalo-Niagara International Airport I reviewed all the things I would like to say to the little darling. "You remembered your puppy but not your license?" "Maybe if you'd packed last night instead of ten minutes before leaving..." "Did you make sure you brought your brain? I'll wait while you check." I pulled up to the terminal where she was waiting, looking forlorn. "There you go. Have a good flight. Love you", was all that came out. All that rehearsing, for nothing. Oh bother. She smiled and ran into the airport, and I drove home. Again.
2 Tbs liquid egg whites (or 1 egg white)
Inks - Basic Gray, Pool Party, and Regal Rose
Ian Dury died on 27 March 2000. New Boots and Panties has always been one of my favourite albums - one of those rare 'don't skip a track' ones - and so it seemed only right to go and pay my respects when my good friend Ivan suggested we attend the tribute concert.
....and just in case I forget: The Hairy Bikers were wearing, according to Sonshine 'hoderlesen' as they yodelled their way through Austria.
Tarte Tatin
1. A chiropractic or surgical device, possibly used for spinal injuries or setting leg breaks.
Ted rolls his eyes, "When you have finished trying to be witty can you and Jamie come through to the meeting room I need a word."
2/3 cup (packed) light brown sugar
I have really started looking forward to the Unity Friday Friend's with Flair hop each week. I know I have been a bit scarce lately, so I have to make the most of the posts I do get completed. I first want to apologize to my DD for posting her birthday card early. Sorry kiddo, you can touch the real one on Sunday.
Now, those visits are no longer daydream. I've got my first one booked for just after DIGGERS releases (the elementary school I attended as a child has invited me to speak. Yay!), and I really need to plan for it!
i am taking
I have to be honest at the time my fiance wasent helping me at all, i was soooooooo down the only time i was ok and forgeting about all our problems and i felt like the teenage women i was, was when i was in his company.
I hope that this blog will give comfort to others who either daydream about or are in the process of undergoing a career transition. If all turns out fabulous, or even just well, perhaps this blog will be a source of guidance to those (especially lawyers) looking to make a change. To my readers: your advice and input, when constructive, is always appreciated. Together, perhaps we can make this a compendium of career change-related wisdom.
Sayli BS. Low frequency of infertility among workers in a borate processing facility. Biol Trace Elem Res 2003; 93: 19-30.
Polk left the presidency a broken man and in ill health. He did not seek reelection. He died just over three months after the inauguration of his successor, Zachary Taylor (told you to remember his name).
9. Black boots (Dorothy Perkins)
It's hard to know exactly what can be done to improve executive functioning skills in young adults and the problem is twofold;
It is still and always will be in the hands of those who are willing to go that extra mile to get out of the home of Mom and Dad and to prove their own mastery over their own level of ambition and willingness to go where the jobs are that will give back to us the value that the degree really gives to all of us who make the sacrifices to get it.
The big omission in terms of connectivity is the absence of an HDMI or Mini HDMI port that would enable you to hook the tablet up to a monitor or HD TV and enjoy your content on a larger screen. This has become almost standard on most tablets and, while we appreciate the Acer Iconia Tab A200 is a budget option, we still would have liked to see it here.
Genre of course affects how often you use these. Suspense, Thriller, Mystery, and even Comedy often use this device. But moderation is key to using any punctuation in any genre. But again, your word choice, narrative and dialogue are responsible for creating these effects. Otherwise, agents and editors will consider your work lazy.
Audience: you go Mitt
9. This one-hit wonder might have been followed by other hits if singer Kevin Rowland wasn't such a dick.
"I should have been more particular concerning the building of the hop-kiln but there are so many of them to be seen about Canterbury and Farnham that everyone may be easily satisfied of their structure". (1)
salt (for salad)
Every day the reminders are the same. Most of them are pretty routine to them and would probably be accomplished without the reminders. However, I feel like the gentle nudges keep things moving along and avoid a last-minute rush or panic.
7. I say, "Maybe you shouldn't wait until the last minute to work on the taxes."
SWOOSH...CRACK! GO! GO! GO!
11 Something For Sophia Loren
As the years passed, Dawn became increasingly unhappy. ‘I gravitated towards a white teacher at school because she reminded me of my old mum,’ she recalls.
It is important to separate fact gathering and feedback from strategy development from full-scale strategic planning (or road mapping). These are three separate and distinct activities. Fact gathering and feedback puts you in touch with customers and into listening mode; strategy development involves developing a core functionality enveloped in the larger business plan of the firm, and road mapping is more analytical as you outline the details of how to deploy strategy on a day-to-day or monthly basis.
Remember it is best that the children do this one at a time to lower the injury risk, we used a wooden spoon to smack ours :-) Here is a good video link for more info on how to make one - click here.
He will be going with me.
David Tennant’s father, the Reverend ‘Sandy’ McDonald, is a Church of Scotland (Presbyterian) minister in Paisley, near Glasgow and was once Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
I like a citrus herb smell or something with peppermint in it.
That's arguably true, but one arena in the region--the Nassau Coliseum, the Meadowlands arena--will understandably lose out. And there's no reason for federal subsidies to move a team across state lines.
This wedding-planning is emotionally exhausting, and I’m not as young as I used to be.
My philosophy has followed the strength of that marriage and this workshop is about those two very things. We are going to spend 3 very intense days working from the inside-out. Working out who you are as a photographer and your style, and helping you carry that through to your photos as well as your business and brand. Sounds scary? It is! But that is the fun of it - Learning to be a better photographer AND a better entrepreneur! :)
Preheat oven to 180 degrees celsius. Grease and line a round cake tin.
So, can someone tell me what is the big deal about “not” wanting to take a bath? Oh my God, it seems that every time bath time comes up on our house it’s always up for discussion and I end up having panic attacks, my blood pressure goes, I’ve got headaches because my now 16 year old daughter wants to debate the issue every single time when in fact, it would save both us the stress, the screaming back and forth and the tears if she’d just do what “she” knows she is supposed to do rather than having me come off looking like the bad guy because I’m pulling her away from what she is doing which she’s made it up in her mind that what she’s doing is more important than what I’m asking.
At the Swissotel Chicago, guests will be able to take self-defense classes. Chess classes are also available.
Spludig Vur Thrigg!
- Colton has taken all feedings by mouth since Friday. The kid LOVES to eat!
BLITZER: Senator Santorum?
in bed with a heating pad
So there was this one guy, Brian. He wasn’t like us. He was out of shape, nearly blind, not nearly as nerdy, but it remained in his tiny brain that outside wasn’t all bad and that we should be getting more exercise. We lived in the same cabin. One time he asked me who I thought was cute. I told him about Amanda, without mentioning her name – a fatal mistake I still make to this day. The name wasn’t important to Brian though. He didn’t seem to care. That’s how I liked it.
"Nothing. We are taking care of everything." My sister and I exchange glances. We are both concerned about how often he is asking this question. I touch his hand which is still burning up with fevers. "You are confused right now because of the fever. It is like being in a 103 degree room. It will get better, Dad. I love you. I took care of everything. I talked to the nurse and the doctor."
And the cars did not slow down.
Dedication: see Item B-8, above.
“Well?” “Well WHAT?” “Well…has HE CALLED?” “Nope.” “Ugh.” And so began a weekend of us taking turns making the “ugh” sound as the conversation spun.
Majjige Palidha - Yogurt gravy with lentil dumpling
I have been thinking about a couple of people that are in my recovery hall. They are smart, very quick and full of book knowledge from all the literature of NA. When they share, if a new person came in they would think, wow, those two know a lot. What they don't know is how to hook all that knowledge up to their spirits and actually get recovery. Instead of spouting off book shit for over five minutes, a simple "I'm scare or I'm confused, or I need help" would get them much further along. I had to ask a friend if I shared like that when I came in because I wasn't sure. She said I didn't and that I was sincerely asking for help and admitting I didn't know what I was doing. I don't like anyone to open two books when they share and point out sentences and passages like they were doing us a favor and have prepared lessons or sermons for us. I feel like if they don't learn how to shut up and simply state their feelings they are going to have a few more years of floundering and being disconnected. I personally like being the newcomer. I don't have to pull amazing and wise shit out of a hat. I'd like to share my experience with you but I don't want to say anything that I have not gotten some sort of organic, living, breathing comprehension of the topic of discussion in recovery. You are smart, and quick, we get it. What the fuck is that good for if you can't use it to have a day without using or obsessing to use. Stop worrying about what you look like on the outside, what you drive, what you work at. I don't know if anyone is going to speak up or not. We love you regardless and as good at recovery as you get, you never get to graduate.
1 flatten
Hi Everyone! Welcome to Luv Scrapping Together!
Think outside the box. Find uses for an object beyond what it was intended for. A magnetic strip meant to hold knives and other kitchen utensils became a storage rack for trinkets and art in Jackson’s room. It was such a hit with him that Sloan requested one, too.
“Mr Miller hopes a solution to the regulatory problems can be found”. I hope to find the Treasure of the Sierra Madre, but if I don’t leave Hamilton, it will be difficult.
Expectations are a good way to set yourself up for disappointment. We have hopes and dreams and goals for our lives. But, the outcome (where we eventually end up) is not totally in your hands. Your life is affected by many variables that are totally out of your control. These variables directly influence whether we attain our goals or not.
Thankfully, all involved proved to be great sports and joined in, rattling and banging their provided instruments. Even the guy with the one arm was nodding and shaking his head as best he could to get a rhythm out of the shaker clamped firmly in between his teeth.
"Nah, sounds like she wants a second date."
The photo’s were terribly grainy and dark ect…so ive just altered them a little…will have another try another time.
- Put each phrase in a zip-loc bag with a picture fastened to the front of how it was used. (shared by Meredith)
Yesterday we took the boat over to one of the islands and I was amazed how many children were in boats, and on the island, with no hats or sun protective clothing on their bodies. With all the publicity about skin cancer I wonder how these parents can do that to their children. I have just had a very dear friend die of melanoma and he went through hell. So many operations and drug trials and finally succumbing to brain tumors. I wouldn’t wish his type of death on anyone. Shame on those parents and grandparents who should know better.
You probably know the drill.
Schools continue to go without teachers and basic supplies such as textbooks, paper to write on or even desks. Many cannot even afford the uniform required for them to attend school.
So anyway, Happy April!
Who’s to say that the wall clock is accurate? My desktop icon insistently begs to differ by a full four minutes. No matter how often I reset the confounded thing, back it jumps to its own silicon mediated timekeeping. Could always page the speaking clock- does that even still exist in this digital age?- but all our calls are monitored, so how incriminating might that look? I would be court-martialled and make no mistake. Padded shoulders lopped off with a letter opener. Probably my boss’s faux-jewel, imitation curved dagger brought back from an ersatz Turkish bazaar, as part of an authentic ‘taste of the Orient’ excursion. Not that I sport padded shoulders of course. I’m not one for power dressing capaciously enough to light up the national grid. Unlike some I could mention around here.
Although Jackson reportedly confessed, i.e., can be referred to simply as a “murderer,” rather than as an “alleged murderer,” he’s bound to recant his confession, and plead not guilty. Nowadays, violent black felons frequently confess to their crimes, but almost always recant them, and then plead innocent. Many then even claim that they are the real victims, as the confessed attackers in the Central Park Jogger case later did (see my exposés here, here, and here).
Tommy is a one month old Jersey bull calf that we purchased from the grandson of a nearby Jersey dairyman. I wish I had taken photos while I was over to their barn….but, I was kind of like a kid in a candy store with the 70+ jerseys cows in that barn. I even asked Merle, the original owner, if I could rent a room. For a jersey lover…it was paradise. For a dairyman…it’s a beautiful barn with perfectly clean stalls.
Inspired, they say, by the largely Sunni uprising in Syria, the group has refused to leave the square, even after clashes with security forces last week ignited days of fighting between Sunnis and minority Alawites in Tripoli. Sectarian tension has worsened during 14 months of Syrian unrest as Syrian refugees and wounded fighters have flooded into the city.
I had lunch with my former MIL on Friday, an outing that was long overdue. I easily get wracked with guilt if I don't keep up that relationship. She'll call me occasionally, but I'm usually the one to call and make plans, and that's more than OK. She's earned the privilege. She's been sick with this and that, so understandably hasn't felt up to going out (although I think she knows I'm happy to just go there for a visit, too). But she's on the mend, so we went and got some lunch. It was good to catch up.
But take care! And have a great week everyone!
We spent the rest of that snowy afternoon planting tulip bulbs in the snow. I had serious doubts about them surviving. Certainly the flowers wouldn't but who knows about the boys.
Aspartame is an artificial sweetner used in “sugar-free” products such as diet sodas and chewing gum. Since its discovery in 1965, Aspartame caused great controversy regarding its health risks – primarily causing brain tumors – and was denied its application to be sold to the public by the FDA. Searle, the company attempting to market Aspartame then appointed Donald Rumsfeld as CEO in 1977 … and things changed drastically. In a short period of time, Aspartame could be found in over 5,000 products.
It's hard to tell what "it's" is the pronoun for. What is it? Upon reflection it is the pranks pulled by Raptor Snatch's rivals, BUT you never actually mention that. Instead it's hidden in "stab them in the fronts every chance they get." Which may be a great line, but doesn't actually make any sense.
1. Heat the oven to 400 degrees. Spread the hazelnuts evenly over a cookie sheet and roast until they darken and become aromatic, about 10 minutes. Transfer the hazelnuts to a damp towel and rub to remove the skins.
1. Wednesday evening, the Point Beach nuclear power plant in Wisconsin declared an Alert due to toxic gas in a vital area room. During a maintenace run on the plant’s emergency diesel generator, exhaust fumes caused a buildup of carbon monoxide in the Plant Instrument Air Compressor Room that exceeded the Immediate Danger to Life and Health standard set by the Occupation Safety and Health Administration. The diesel was turned off, and the Alert was terminated two hours later.
Former Wall Street practitioners say the Street does not lend itself to a lot of introspection. "The world of investment bankers and especially the trading floor region is notoriously hermetically sealed,'" says Kenneth Froewiss, a retired JPMorgan Chase investment banker and former finance professor at New York University's Stern School of Business. "The walls may be filled with screens beaming the latest news, but there is typically an obliviousness as to what is happening across the street."
Now I live in Georgia with my grandparents. Things have settled down, and I’m trying to get back on track. But then I remember–I’ve been away from home for half a year. I’m 18–an adult. I think about home so often that I forget that I’m an adult; being away from home is a part of growing up! I have to embrace my adulthood; I’m not a child anymore.
In sales, in order to reap the benefits of creating trust, these behaviors they must be guided by the intent of creating mutual value.
A killing sets off the worst riots in modern times, and it is seriously suggested by the authorities that people should be kept in the dark. It is a matter of overwhelming public interest that the truth should be ascertained so that the lessons can be learnt.
SUNDAY SHIMMY SHOWCASE begins on most Sundays at 5:30 p.m. at Viento y Agua Coffee House in Long Beach at 4007 East 4th Street; 562-434-1182. Occasionally we have Saturday showcases beginning a bit later. Please refer to the detailed schedule below for more information.
All in all, we are very lucky. She is a very happy baby, except for the last few weeks since she has been sick. Her being sick just worries me so much and the fact that we keep sharing whatever it is, makes it even worse. We've both been on 2 rounds of antibiotics, so I guess if she's still sick on Tuesday, we'll see what Dr. S suggests next. When he saw her last (on Thursday) he said she is like a super baby. You could never tell she's premature. She advanced physically and cognitively is doing very well. She still doesn't have any teeth, but she loves to gum finger food to death. He also said that the reason for her recurrent sinus infections is that she might finally be getting those teeth and this may just be the way this affects her. Regardless, her coughing/hacking is scaring her mommy. Ugh. But anyway, I am so, so happy to have her in my life. I don't really remember life before her (except maybe that there was more sleep involved), but I'd give up every lost hour of sleep to have her in my life. I am the luckiest momma alive. She is our miracle. Our joy, the light of our life. And the past 9 months have sped by..I can't believe in 90 days, she'll be one. That is crazy to me...Elaina Lynn, we love you much..Happy 9 months!!!
I gave a talk about baptism this weekend at a retreat, and by sheer coincidence/providence I happened to visit – for the first time ever as an adult – the church of my own baptism in west London. I knew it was there; I’d just never made the time to go and find it.
Screw the recession and money that's tight,
Americans may have grown more secular in their general outlook, but there is still that inner voice, their relationship with the faith into which they were born or they embraced—their soul—and the historic distrust of big government that will shape the outcome of the election.
3) they have gone to social media week or such event and start following everyone under the hashtags regardless of who you are, if they even met you at the event and once added then never talk to you….
Now go here and type in your brand and type. It will give you a number score that will tell you the risk associated with that particular product. Now take it with a grain of salt...there is so much debate in this industry and studies being done, etc. But I think you will still be surprised by what your current sunscreen is rated. Keep in mind that low numbers are good, high numbers are bad.
5. Nkosi Johnson, child who died of AIDS (1989–2001)
Trade publishers defend their model by pointing out that publishing is a collaboration. I don’t deny that, and I have assembled a formidable team.
2. Add a larger half-circle below the circle and slightly off to one side.
Early in my world-o-blogging I said, “Taking the quantum leap of loving your words to handing them to someone to read (aka judge) is scary stuff. It is akin to baring your breasts to the world and wondering if the world is going to scoff.”
Beer Style: Porter
ii. A fine of $3,000;
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to trust my experience I have towards sex and relationship.
My 10-year-old annoying ‘friend’, insomnia! I never even invited him/her to be a part of my life, but there he/she is freeloading off me for the last TEN years! I’ve kicked insomnia out many more times than even I can count, and, it comes right back.
Seriously, if something isn’t listed, it’s likely because of one of these reasons:
Stay warm everyone!
Sage and Avery went wild while painting for their Nana and Mimi! After the paint was dry I cut out and framed a 5X7 piece of the artwork beside a picture of them painting. Turned out cute!
There are other healthy treats at Re-Juice A Nation …including protein bars and salad fixings, plus delicious hot soups (including some vegetarian options). You can even make your own salad which is fun!
All the decision you make in this respect have influence on the connoted content you will end up with. You may think that you are there as a spectator alone and that you render untouched reality. That is not the case I am afraid, but you can do your very best as a photographer of unposed poses. That will have to do because there is no other way.
Kind words
Roger Grenier, Another November; Piano Music for Four Hands (both from the University of Nebraska Press)
In a state that has for so long relied on its manufacturing industry, layoffs have unfortunately become common. Many workers who thought they would have secure employment for as long as they wanted it are finding themselves in the job-seeking world — expanding the ranks of the older job-seeker. An added challenge is that their skill sets may not mesh with the types of jobs employers are looking to fill.
We did some shopping after vising the harbor, and stopped to have a beer or two (or three, we're on vacation, who's counting?) in the sun. We're now pleasently sun burned and tipsy enough not to feel it. I've determined that after this blogging siesta it's time for gelato before doing it all over again....
I could melt to the floor when you lay your head on your daddies chest.
Card #104 - Addison Reed
Anwar Hassan, 27, who is from Bangladesh and works in the Queen of Sheba grocery in Jackson Heights, says yoga’s roots are irreconcilable with his faith.
It still took time for Michael Carrick to claim the key role he now occupies and it wasn’t until the 12th league game that he started his first game. Between then, Darren Fletcher was used before illness ended his campaign, Park Ji-Sung was tried out and Giggs was deployed centrally. Every move hinted at Ferguson attempting to replicate the passer and mover idea he prefers.
6 interest
What a wild one it was. Crushing funnels, doing keg stands, pounding brews…and passing out before 10 p.m. on both, Friday and Saturday night. I wasn’t mad either because for the few hours I was awake, I had a blast. From what I remember my Fred Fest experience started around 6 p.m. on Thursday (I skipped my last class…not ashamed) I meandered over to T.K.’s place on Main Street and the beer began flowing. Funneling Genny Creamers for days. I then went over to BJ’s (for a very brief time) to check out the first night of BJ’s Fest. From there I proceeded to my favorite drunk eatery, Pizza Wings and Things, ordered a chicken finger sub, ate half of it, and passed out wearing all of my clothes…including my shoes. Solid night.
The hummingbirds are starting to visit again.
As part of the solution, Isabel de los Rios even have recipes for people to follow. It does not tell people to buy specialized diets instead she tells people to buy food and cook them right. And her recipes are safe for everyone too; even people with sensitive diets or pregnant mothers can dig in to her diet solution program.
The best products that I found for sprucing up my garden are found at my local grocery store. They have an excellent stock of seeds to plant, seedlings, and a variety of different bushes and shrubbery.
Pace: 3 ; Parry: 5 ; Toughness: 9 (1)
See, we screwed up and gave in to evil. The result of evil, is well. DEATH.
There was one time in the summer when I was out with some of the girls who stayed down in Carbondale with me and I was working at the first bar and this guy with this thick mustache had been my customer the night before. I had served him all night and he was tipping me well, I never led on to anything else, just kept it customer and server because really a mustache is not my scene, and he was like 40. So anyway after we pregame and my friend's house we head to my bar. We are doing shots and getting nice and toasty when another server brings over a tray of shots and says this is from the guys at the bar, they said they knew you.
In the new job I’ve had for the last 5 months, there is a lot to do, and there is no way I can do everything in the official number of hours per week. In addition to this, no procedures are written and it’s a real mess in the files in the computer, so I spend much time looking for the information and ways to do thing. On top of this, the team has changed so much in the last 1.5 year and keeps changing so there are no habits of work, no clear view of who is in charge of what for many things, and we have a hard time building consistent actions together. To add some spice to it, interns change often, come for 1 week, 2 months or 4 months, so that’s a lot of time and energy welcoming them, explaining things and learning to work with them before they leave. As a bonus, the director who has been in his position for less than a year comes from a university and is not used to running a business (althgouh non-profit, it’s a business) on an everyday basis, with objectives to meet and a team to manage.
This past Sunday, I returned from my first ever mission trip! I went to Joplin, Missouri with Sojourn Collegiate Ministry to help rebuild two houses that were destroyed by the tornado last summer.
Thanks for coming past, Melissa.. xx
Treatment includes a daily injection, which for some is painful. Research is getting closer to an oral treatment. For some reason we in Canada have one of the highest rates of multiple sclerosis in the world and it is the most common neurological disease affecting young adults in Canada. Every day, three more people in Canada are diagnosed with MS. To learn more about MS or to donate I have found these sites:
Also, as zombie-SOPA rises from the dead in the form of CISPA, we at ZombieLaw hope Representative Polis will be aggressive in fighting CISPA too.
Or my "lil second cousins" are now frosh and sophs in high school as well...
On that zipline, you got hooked up to a line and because I was so light, I got weights put onto my strap (harness). Some other people who were older than me and a little bit heavier got parachutes put onto theirs to slow them down because they didn’t want them to crash. My dad had to hold onto a rope and get reeled in because he started going backwards on the zipline over the river!
He was probably here for class, not to tattle. We had been still best friends when I’d told him my plan to sneak in. That was five years ago. He wouldn’t remember something stupid like that, right? And if he’d were going to betray me, he would’ve said something by now. I was safe.
Stomach, tripe, or intestines:
So it's officially under way and I've got two potential trades that will help me along the way... I just sent off two emails with pics of stuff I'm willing to deal and hopefully I can pull in some nice cards.
Well....it felt like my birthday today! Had a very nice surprise in the post. I knew Laura was sending some ATCs, but this little box turned up packed full of wonderful fabness!And totally made my day ^_^
Lifter of this head
A ‘ROADSHOW’ STAR Grabs the Gavel."
"Do you want to just ridicule me? Because if so, we're done here."Or how about this one:
Have you ever watched Family Guy? You know how you never see Peter's, um, nakedness when he's naked because of the belly overhang?
Now I still struggle to find time to sit down to write, but I have learned that an awful lot of writing time is really thinking time, particularly with picture books, where there is very little time spent sitting still at your desk writing. Picture books still take a lot of time, but the idea, the plot and character development can all be done while walking round the supermarket, doing the school run, at a café in my lunch hour, or sitting on the tube. I’ve learned that, if I just let myself relax and daydream, the book will slowly reveal itself.
Whoa, bright lightning through the window and another loud roll of thunder.
That's precisely the situation Kit Livingstone finds himself in. He doesn't understand it, but it involves alternate realities and is somehow related to ley lines, or force fields of telluric energy...and the groundbreaking experiments of the bizarrely tattooed traveler Arthur Flinders-Petrie, a.k.a The Man Who Is Map.
and simply choose your fav!
If we start with a sense of well-being and inherent self-worth, then the doing, achieving, and acquiring emerges from our authentic core, not from a sense of lack. The doing, achieving, and acquiring comes from a congruent matching of internal desires with what you want to manifest in the world. This unconditional positive regard is not a prescription for resignation or rationalization. It is an invitation for an open-hearted acceptance and honest inventory of who we are now and who we want to become. Personal growth is a given of the human journey.
File size: 83Mb
If you're planning a walking holiday in Italy, consider basing yourself in Lake Como. This fabulous destination, situated in the Lombardy region, boasts some immensely rewarding trails and incredible towns to explore. So, what are the top reasons to come here?
RedCounty.com
But memories are funny things. As in, I always forget them when they matter. The ladies and I started our Friday evening with a few shots at a local craft distillery's tasting room. Then we walked up to Poquitos on Capitol Hill and had a couple margaritas. Then we went across the street to Moe Bar where there was dancing paired with several vodka cranberries.
I wish you all a very happy 2012--I hope it brings to you and your loved ones peace, hope, health, and prosperity. Thanks for stopping by, and for your comments--you guys are the best!
SARAH MCLACHLAN
Eastbound and Down – “Me and Shane used to argue about Top Gun, and which one was Goose, which one was Tom Cruise… I guess we now know who is goose as Shane’s dead”. Kenny is still the greatest ars*hole of them all whilst simultaneously being the funniest. And I don’t even like Baseball. The boom box at the funeral was classic. Stevie was also brilliant especially watching the porn video “Whatever they do next, we do, ok?” – You have to see it for what that means – classic.
This dish is called Pollo a la Plancha(roasted or grilled Chicken). This particular chicken was deliciously marinated with garlic, onion, and pepper. The accompanying salad was better than average while the tortilla and rice were standard. I was happy to get a few raw vegetables. However, I don’t fancy white rice. I prefer something darker and grainier, something that is considered a complex or healthy carbohydrate instead of white rice which is considered a simple starch and hardly contains health benefits. If any nutritionists are reading this and wish to correct me, please DO feel free to do so in the comments section, or feel free to email me at mike@earthdrifter.com. Thank you in advance!
I know I have said my kids do that, but they only do so much. They are older, require less care, and I don’t have to push my body so hard. I think photography saved my life two years ago. It gave me something that made me feel like a productive human again. I didn’t start advertising or trying to make a career out of it until about eight months ago. Until then, it was a hobby. Trial and error. Learning what worked and what didn’t. And it gave me time to find a professional print lab that turned out quality prints at an affordable price! My goal was to bring quality, professional prints to the masses that anyone could afford, and I think I did that! So now I am just hoping it takes off and I can stay in business enough to pay for a studio! I also needed something that didn’t require a lot of physical exercise that I could actually do, and photography gave me that!
- It's giveaway time!
o Know (really know) their deeply-held beliefs
I was particularly impressed with Andi and Alex's distinct voices. I appreciated that even though Andi is a troubled character, Ms. Donnelly never went for the cheap teen angst. Andi has lighter moments as well, and I was truly sympathizing with her and rooting for her. I'm surprised at how much I ended up loving Alex, though. I loved that she didn't start off as a particularly good person, but she becomes such a quietly inspiring figure by the end of the book. The supporting characters were well-drawn, and though I'm notoriously hard to please when it comes to romance, this one really won me over.
Then, one day, The Boy saw that his Sister took The Book. He didn’t think much of it, after all, it wasn’t his so he did not object. His Sister started to see the beauty of The Book, how nicely bound it was and the font used and she started to casually browse through it, having recently read a couple of books casually as well. She even brought a book along to the library, a book she’s been trying to read for 2 years seriously now, and The Book questioned The Boy about it.
With each exhalation, let your belly sink away from your hand and into the back body. After a gentle pause, can you feel the belly rise effortlessly when you inhale? This relaxed action cannot be rushed, so don’t force the movement in any way; an easy rhythm will settle in as your state of relaxation deepens.
#1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts cordially invites you to meet childhood friends Parker, Emma, Laurel, and Mac – the founders of Vows, one of Connecticut’s premier wedding planning companies.
Ingredients for 4: 1 large cucumber, 4 large salad tomatoes, 1 pack 150g Feta, 1/4 red onion or 2 red spring onions, Greek olives, oregano (fresh or dried), salt & pepper, olive oil, red wine vinegar
Compact Foundation (Spicy Brown)
is character; and obeyed, it is power.
Internet data extraction resources to extract data from HTML webpages from different websites as well as compare data. Every day there are lots of Internet sites in Hosting. See all web sites on the same day it is not feasible. These types of information exploration tools you’ll be able to view any web pages on the Internet. If you are using an array of applications, these scraping resources are very helpful for a person.
such for Split Sense. I set the story in Minneapolis so I was familiar with the area. Of course taking some factual things and adding a few twists and turns is what fiction is all about. As for the time it takes to write a book, every one is different. Split Sense probably took a good six months of writing and edits. Then I sent it off to my editor and then went through it again when it came
Josh: No, I'm bad but you think I'm good.
To make the challenge even more fun, we will be giving out a prize, a $15 gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the Our Daily Bread Designs store!! Entries for the prize must be submitted by Friday, November 25 at 8 a.m. EST. One random winner will be chosen and announced next Saturday. If you are not using ODBD stamps, please do not enter more than once. Additional entries without using ODBD stamps will not be commented on or will they qualify for prizes.
3 egg whites
Even the Netherlands, a nation that embraces pluralism and tolerance, has opted to cut funding to the Gulen schools because of their imminent threat to the social order.
Who in the world has ever wanted to drive a hearse?
Tom Giebink, Contact Improvisation teacher & dancer, Austin Body Choir
Wow, what a fabulous weekend with some of my favorite fabulous ladies at the beach!! I love that I have friends just as girly and into fashion as I am!! :)
What are we talking about? We’re talking about the Burka (and Niqaab).
They themselves were fully at rest, they suffer’d not,
"The major effects of chamomile are due to its volatile oils. Therefore, it is imperative that the freshest herb be used before the oils evaporate. The actions of chamomile are strongest on the liver and kidneys where the volatile oils apparently stimulate the organs to purge themselves of toxins. ...The Arabians used it in massage oils. ...Contain aromatic compounds that increase the production of digestive fluids, reduce muscle spasms and pains, reduce inflammation and are antiseptic. In addition, these compounds have a sedative effect. ...Chamomile is one of the best herbal sources of niacin, magnesium, and essential fatty acids. It has been used to treat dyspepsia, flatulence, nausea, vomiting, dysmenorrhea, bronchitis, urinary tract infections, insomnia, headaches, and menstrual cramps." (Excerpts from Nutritional Herbology)
The itch that she could only scratch with drink
We did terribly. Well, I did, anyway. I couldn't perform for the life of me and had never seen the monologue we read before. I sweat. I laughed nervously. I went blank. I stuttered. But, I frickin' did it. I felt sick. I wanted to vomit. But I stood up there and did it. Tried to assert my mangina power and project faux stage confidence through an absolutely shoddy performance. But, bottom line, I DID IT. And when it comes to actually performing in front of an audience, I probably will puke. But then I'll try to pull it off as part of the monologue, as we all slip n' slide around on the stage.
FINALLY the doors open and I'm not in this race like other people are. Silly people I say! But once inside I realize why they rushed. I am not at the END of the customer service line and looking at about 7 other people in front of me.
WordPress blogs are great because they have wonderful statistics sections that one can peruse over for days, matching the number of hits against the popularity of some posts against others. This is one of my biggest distractions. Now, back in the day when this blog started I used to complain over the difference between a fourteen hit day and a sixteen hit day, these days it’s more like …eh, 34 against 36…maybe. Anyway, the hit count is a distraction. The only way I see my hit count staying regularly high is to post regularly, and that’s another distraction.
Unless of course your name rhymes with Parah Salin. Then, maybe, stay away.
It's meaning is "The rash or inexperienced will attempt things that wiser people are more cautious of."
Wendy LeSage, animal control officer, said a man who lives in Bondsville has been threatening cat owners since last year that he will shoot their cats if they enter his yard to defecate or go after the birds he feeds, but she is not sure if he is behind the shootings.
So to put this into perspective, the input sees the chord, but it can’t identify the key the chord belongs too, it’s fuzzy.
It is the spectator, and not life, that art really mirrors.
I joined Costco today. I have always been a lover of Costco & after a quick (and incredibly nonscientific) facebook poll revealed that Costco was far superior to Sam's Club, I drove out and joined. Walking through the enormous garage entry doors, smelling that familiar (could be rubber tires) smell that is Costco, I felt at home. Ahhhhhhhh
A couple of NBA Hoops cards of note:
They don’t understand what it means to sacrifice or to go without. For them, sacrifice is eating an unfrosted pop tart, fornicating with an unflavored condom or settling for less than an unlimited phone plan. Take away their cushy duvets, parental fawning and Junior Shopper credit cards and they wouldn’t last 5 damned minutes in the cold hard world.
PLEASE DO NOT BUY PRODUCTS TESTED ON ANIMALS! You can see their faces now….. buy only products that have the cruelty-free symbol.
Brian Quick: Greg Little
They laughed when he skewed the horizon over the visionless Alblackica sea
On the minus side, since that first purchase I have gone on to buy, shall we say, ‘a few more pairs’ of shoe trees. I now consider them an essential purchase if you care about your shoes. So each time I purchase a shoe I have started to factor in the extra cost of a shoe tree. Obviously, shoe trees will outlast the shoe so I will have them for many, many years to come, long after the shoes have worn out. Nonetheless, they do increase the cost of building a shoe collection, though they pay for themselves by enabling shoes to last much longer. Initially, I intended to use trees only for special, more expensive shoes, and to alternate between shoes. Eventually, I have come to the view that it is simpler, though more expensive, to have shoe trees for each pair of formal shoes. This has led to some interesting dilemmas.
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge Ways of the foolish Fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Birthdays
I'm curious as to what'll be up with Briana on the Dr. Drew special -- think we'll see Devon? She definitely doesn't seem to be in love with him but I can also kinda see this girl to let him be one who yo-yo's in and out of her (and Nova's) life. We'll see . . .
174And here, ev'n then, shall my cold dust remain,
Okay…
The Advocates
Crushed and defeated, there was only one thing left to do.
The good news is that some relieving guidance has popped up in the midst of all this ‘thou shalt not’, ‘it’s too late’ and ‘now look what you’ve done’. The absolutely astonishing thing is its source – ‘provenance’ as the antiques freaks like to put it. You aren’t going to believe this but it’s to the good old Church of England that we turn in the shape of a vicar from Hove (go on then …). This blessed man has revealed that not only is it a ‘good thing’ but it’s almost a moral duty, perhaps even a religious obligation, to spend Easter Sunday in bed, eating chocolate and having sex – and, by implication, doing anything else that feels as though it should be in the ‘naughty but nice’ statistical bracket. Well – who would have thought you’d read it here – praise be for the C of E! Photograph by Hemera/Thinkstock
Had a long week? What can be better than to relax Friday night in a cool venue, great food, and great live music?
Yesterday I undertook day two of interviews. To say that it was unsuccessful is an understatement. When relaying my day to my sister, her laughter became louder and louder (there were tears too) thus the title for my post.
This recipe is in four parts: the soup, the dumplings, the tempering and then combining them all together. However, if you want to see a one-page version of the recipe, please click nilgiri’s kadhi pakodi.
Dylan is interested in Katie – very interested – but a traumatic childhood involving his parents marrying multiple times, bucketloads of brothers, sisters, half brothers, half sister, stepbrothers and stepsisters has scarred him. He’s not looking for commitment and he’s never dated a woman with children before. Remembering how he felt when partners came and went from his life as a child, he’s cautious about impacting on the lives of children. He tells Katie that he’s not a good bet and that he’s only out for something casual.
A little further down the road Goodman stopped me for Rhino tracks, I waited while he examined the tracks and then got a call to come look. On closer examination we decided they were very fresh as we found a spot where he had scraped and urine sprayed, the ground and surrounding grass still being wet. As Goodman is still new to the area he does not know the roads so he can't go tracking by himself yet but I could see he was dying to put his abilities to work so I agreed to join him. We knew we had to be fast as we had guests sitting on the vehicle waiting and the fact the Rhino was travelling and not feeding and they can cover a fair distance in a very short amount of time. We again found where he had urine sprayed, this time on top of a Mopane shrub, it indicated we were very close as the urine was still milky white and had not even run off the leaves. Quickening our pace we found him as he passed through a Terminalia thicket down into a drainage line. We approached closer to try identify the individual but it appeared new to me. We were now faced with a dilemma as the car was now about a kilometre away and the Rhino was still moving away from us. Does Goodman continue to follow while I go back and fetch the car, risking the fact that I may have to then track both of them, or do we both run back to the vehicle and drive around and check the roads he was heading towards hoping luck would be on our side. Not fancying having to track the two of them we both ran back. Returning with the vehicle to an area he was headed we found the spot where he had crossed the road still travelling as opposed to feeding. We once again chose to head off on foot and try relocate him. This time though we had learnt and every two hundred metres I would run back and fetch the vehicle so there would not be so big a space between the two of us should we find him. Goodman went about following his Rhino once again, and would loose the tracks on occasion but would patiently return to his last track and relocate from there. Through his calm and collected approach coupled with his perseverance it was not long before we relocated on him. We ran back for the vehicle and then approached very apprehensively fearing it may be a skittish visitor. When he became aware of us he turned and faced the vehicle, head up and ears forward, we were waiting for him to turn and crash through the bushes but instead he dropped his head to the ground and slowly started to feed as if we were never there. We continued to follow him through some very thick bush in a drainage line and he did not even flinch. He finally stopped on a very well grassed termite mound where he fed on the nutritious grass. It also enabled us to get a better view of him out in the open. I still cannot tell you who he is, what I can tell you though is that it's
It's notable that Herman recounts the stories but does not provide any actual evidence as proof. Decades before, in a 1945 paper called 'The solution of incrustations in the urinary bladder by a new method', (Journal of Urology, 53(5), p 702) a Brazilian urologist called Eugênio Lins describes a non-surgical method (a herbal mixture at close to boiling point) to treat the condition. He also reports on a US Navy surgeon named Charles Ammerman who operated on three candiru victims, in one case slicing into the bladder to extract the fish. Again, the paper tells the stories but is lacking in details. (Note: I have been unable to find any official record of Ammerman's work. If you can find any such records, I'd love to see them.)
Yesterday, I came across this great post about the importance and impact of the online writing community to all writers, aspiring and published. I wanted to add my two cents in because I feel that without the irreplaceable support group found in the online writing community, I probably wouldn't have kept writing.
I told andrew that I made a goal for myself, I want to teach myself how to knitt. I passed the first step, buying yarn and knitting needles.
Nona/Peeple Watchin' - Split 7" will be released on 7" in March, 2012 by Get Better Records, Behind Punk Records, Square of Opposition and My Parents' Records. Preorder info coming soon. Stay tuned!
oil the bowl and form the dough into a ball. cover the dough with the oil and cover with plastic wrap and let dough rise in a warm place for 45-60 mins or double in size.
I thank the Farmer for being EARLY, I thank Joyce for her help with Momma, I thank Cam-Man for co-operating with me, I thank the youngest Son for calling his Momma, BUT, I thank the Electrician for keeping the home front going while I do what I do.
Tonight was one of those nights, and I must say the urge to write about it at once overtook me as I absolutely didn’t drive any sort of motor vehicle home. Again, because that is irresponsible and I am an adult. Anyway, here are a few of my thoughts as I ignored everyone around me and powerdrank in the corner with a sullen expression and in no way didn’t not dance my nipples off. Because dancing is for idiots and lushes.
(And, in case you're wondering, Pod is responsible for his own wardrobe and pretty much wears the same thing year-round, just adding a coat in the fall. It's better that I don't interfere).
Just a quick post. It is so cold and dull here today, not very nice for gardening so my husband and I were talking and decided how much we missed making furniture.
3Is it not trouble for the sinner, and destruction for the evil-doers?
“You are wrong to say that the NICE Guideline is only a suggestion of treatment as we all know our GPs refuse to countenance anything which isn't advised by NICE for fear of reprisal.” Rosie Cox, Cardiff; sick for 41 years
easy, will life be better? I dont think so. I chose it so I bear with it.
Although there are varying accounts of what happened next, sources said the undercover cops raised their weapons when they saw Zeigler's service revolver and yelled, "Gun."
Oh yeah- this ornament is actually made from two different Fleur de Lis stencils- I got them in two sizes.
Director: Steven Spielberg
been pointed out to us ... and we noticed it too ... that
Enjoy whatever weather you have in your world,
Its charms, its joys…
On the other hand, Android 4.0, codenamed Ice Cream Sandwich, is running on just 2.9% of Android devices 6 months after its release. This is partly because the makers of the phones control when the OS is released for their phones and, as that linked article shows, some makers have been slow to release it to their users.
My husband has today off, the first of his three day holiday weekend. The first thing he does is make plans to be out of the house with people other than me. Sure, I could tag a long, but he knows it can make me anxious to just tag along when I didn’t have a heads up so I could prepare mentally. I know that asking for time to prepare sounds like a lot to ask, but really it isn’t. I do not need hours of contemplation to prepare. Just an hour or so while I do my hair and make-up, as I only do my hair and make up when going to do something outside of the house.
These lashes mirror some of the earlier Dolly Wink lower lashes, however, there is the addition of a more voluminous design on the outer lash band. The lashes are reminiscent of Diamond Lash's ラブリー eye (Lovely eye), ecept that they aren't as curled and the shape and intervals are quite different.
It gets to people.
(One of God’s prophets) to interpret the writing for him.
Then, I checked the use by date, just in case.
“The NDFP is always willing to meet his special representatives on the special track so that the conditions of peace negotiations are greatly improved and efforts are accelerated to address the roots of the armed conflict and lay the ground for a just and lasting peace.”
The down side was that I was (and am) easily distracted and impulsive. Sometimes in an effort to better meet students’ needs I would go off on a wild goose chase or get in deeply over my head. My willingness to improve and fly by the seat of my pants drove some students crazy.
After bringing Gretch to my high school’s Operation Snowball weekend in 2008 and 2009, I encouraged her to come to ITI, despite her complete lack of experience with the program. She applied as a volunteer staff member and was accepted as a co-facilitator. I returned as a PALS 1 Advisor (new name, same job) and we had a wonderful week together. We came back in 2010, volunteering for the same roles. During the 2010 camp, Gretch and I helped the girls in Headquarters (formerly known as the A-Team) with scheduling of workshops and other things, and I was encouraged to volunteer for HQ staff for the following year, which I did.
**But he loves me so much too. He constantly tells us that he loves us and is the kissing-est little thing. He and Lance are truly best friends right now but he will not admit to that in front of me. He says, "We're all best friends. We're a familwy."
Honeycomb & Vanilla by Kshocolat
In the entertainment world, let’s have a half-baked limited-run TV reality series in which contestants are locked in a house and not allowed to talk to each other. Only menacing stares, threatening glances, heavy sighs and chimp-like grunts are permitted. In the season finale, all participants will be allowed to file restraining orders against each other and lawsuits against the producers. Ensuing trials will be conducted using semaphore flags.
Hope you like my case of ltecler's wonderful card.
7) The people are buying more guns because their neighborhoods are becoming more dangerous, and their neighborhoods are becoming more dangerous because the people there are buying more guns.
Now I haven’t told you about my best friend for you to see how great our relationship is. In fact I left out a lot of information about our relationship in order to dive in to the principles of building relationships. In truth we have been through quite a bit together and I trust him with my life. After reading my description of our friendship can you pick out what the key principles are to forming meaningful relationships?
Here are some of my favorite tools that help make my cooking hour easier.
"Lemme take you to the Candy Shop..." like most 50 Cent lyrics I find even thinking this in the tune of his jams both catchy and inappropriate, plus this post is supposed to be my "Photo Wednesday": Candy Shop centric post and so far I have you thinking bout a over-hyped rapper instead of a new entrepreneurial venture on Franklin Avenue, which is, ta da: "The Candy Shop"!
It was only through the rousing of the Dragon Aspects and their kin, alongside the demigods of nature gathered by Cenarius, that the limitless army of demons was driven back. But only the destruction of the portal being opened for Sargeras would truly save their world from destruction.
7. Summer On The China Dress
If you’re still not convinced, you should ask some 20 year olds and some 40 year olds who are their favourite music groups. If the answers are The Police, Queen or Supertramp from both you might want to start reevaluating your ideas on the Generations X and Y. Unless of course, you’ve got a book to sell.
“ I need to make a decision in the next few months as to how I manage that since I’m running against John McCain, which takes a lot of time. If women take a moment to realize that on every issue important to women, John McCain is not in their corner, that would help them get over it.”
It feels very strange to be back! I almost don't want to believe that all the dust may be settling for fear that some new major event will occur! Here's a quick rundown of the last month in no particular order:
My target is 2 stone, so I’d like to be closer to my target before we do fly out.
So here is the before, not bad..
Cynthia and I took a road trip to the World Market in Minneapolis for inspiration and unusual purchases. I found rice flour at and colored with vibrant food coloring in the hope that we could do a Rangoli painting outside. It was just too windy the day of the program, so we used paper with the design outline and tissue paper. Cynthia is a fan of plastic tablecloths for crafting and decorating. The colors do not fade and they can be used over and over. She taught everyone how to make pom pom flowers using bright colored.....plastic tablecloths!
Throughout my childhood, I was a very quiet child and didn’t have much confidence when it came to communicating with other people in general. I guess I could have been considered ’a loner’. Whether this was anything to do with being an adoptee, I do not know. This all changed at the age of 11 when I went to Comprehensive/Secondary School. I kind of made a conscious decision to be different; to be more outgoing and confident. Starting a new school and a new chapter of my life seemed to be the ideal opportunity to do this. Sometimes I regret this decision and sometimes I don’t.
Whether you view Allen as a hero of the people who saved Britain from civil war, or the sneaking and treacherous letter-thief who prevented the accession of the true King to the throne will depend on your sympathies; Tory or Whig, Catholic or Protestant. Either way there was no doubt of his significance. It is a strange fact, though, that locally he is known only as postmaster and quarry owner. His role as spy is not general knowledge. But I have, of course, cast him in my latest book in this secret role.
This time around it doesn’t appear to be the case. Today, I heard about a school where, to cut costs, people in the same department I work in were let go. Based on a lot of what I’ve read in the past couple of years about college education, I should have seen this coming. Just take a look at the news today. Student loans and interest rates are the big thing Congress is squabbling over. For a while now, people have been questioning the value of a liberal arts education, especially when young adults are graduating with thousands owed in loans and no job prospects whatsoever. This is the new reality…a college education is not the ideal it once was. And who can blame people for thinking this way when things are the way they are?
After the Red Flag, the galloping bull.
After traumatizing my child with letting his baby corn snake escape, we of course had to soften the blow with the promise to fill the void and the tank with another creature. Our older son immediately knew that a Gecko was the way to go. Somehow, in the process of merely getting a look at our future resident one Saturday, we ended up taking home TWO Geckos. I didn’t even have time to make my disclaimer of how I wasn’t going to be the one feeding, watering and cleaning up after these two little dudes. Of course, if you know the Snakey Baken story, you know that I really had no room to give know-it-all advice or rules. It was too soon.
Don’t underestimate the power of social media. What creative ways has your organization used social media?
You helped me remember how good it feels to face something I've been avoiding.
The dark moon phase is also best for reversing spells (always be sure there is one there to begin with).
“Over here,”Deepointed as Hank and Chris joined them, “is where the farmer out there now lives. That was my uncle’s house for years and his father before him.”
Below are 5 characteristic of Bar D.B.’s :
It’s May already, and I am going to live in the moment. Whether it is simply enjoying my morning cup of coffee in silence at work, or just the few minutes I have alone in the car, I will realise that this moment I will let go of worries, and just be. I suggest you do the same and hopefully, we can stretch these “moments” long enough to become our life.
Years later, another of Bender’s young patients who became overly aggressive after about 20 treatments, now grown, was convicted in court as a “multiple murderer.” Others, in adulthood, reportedly were in and of trouble and prison for a battery of petty and violent crimes. A 1954 scientific study of about 50 of Bender’s young electroshock patients, conducted by two psychologists, found that nearly all were worse off after the “therapy” and that some had become suicidal after treatment. One of the children studied in 1954 was the son of well-known writer Jacqueline Susann, author of the bestselling novel “Valley of the Dolls.” Susann’s son, Guy, was diagnosed with autism shortly after birth and, when he was three years old, Dr. Bender convinced Susann and her husband that Guy could be successfully treated with electroshock therapy. Guy returned home from Bender’s care a nearly lifeless child. Susann later told people that Bender had “destroyed” her son. Guy has been confined to institutions since his treatment.
Because, “Whatever good things we build end up building us.” (Jim Rohn)
6) We think and act with a sense of urgency.
The little alien plush would be eternally grateful if we took steps to make this planet greener.
Aliphatic Alcohol – See Lanolin and Vitamin A.
The Southern Pacific Railroad attempted to stop the flooding by dumping earth into the canal's head gates area, but the effort was not fast enough, and as the river eroded deeper and deeper into the dry desert sand of the Imperial Valley the basin filled and it resulted in the formation of the Salton Sea.
I'll stop there. After running through this, I feel like a downright renegade with my BlackBerry! The only friend I can think of who has one is Texter. But the point is it would be kind of nice to date someone who shares some basic aspects of my lifestyle, including, perhaps, communicating via smartphone. Texting can be really convenient for coordinating plans or locating each other in a crowded restaurant, you know? So, I guess I'm looking for a polka-dotted texting unicorn. Sigh.
I hope you have enjoyed this and maybe find the time to
Byron
Grab a garbage bag and clean out your car. Vacuuming and cleaning the interior should be done 2-3 times/year, but let’s stick with home maintenance here.
You’re one month on in the middle of May.
you'll need;
We had a nice little thunderstorm last night, actually more of a lightning storm than a thunder storm.
Simonetta Carr has established herself as one with something of a vocation to introduce children and teenagers to some of the heroes of the Church. She has so far penned delightful and informative children’s books on Athanasius, Augustine, John Calvin and John Owen (as part of the ‘Christian Biographies for Young Readers’ series published by Reformation Heritage Books and aimed at children from 7 to 10 years of age). In her latest book, a fictionalised biography titled Weight of a Flame (P&R Publishing, 2011) she introduces ‘young readers’ (read teenagers) to the inspiring ‘Italian Heretic’ Olympia Morata (1526–1555), locating Morata in her social and religious context – a volatile sixteenth-century Europe – and highlighting her passion for Scripture, for Calvin’s Institutes, for scholarship (she lectured on Cicero, wrote commentaries on Homer, and was one of the most sophisticated Latin stylists of her time), for poetry, and for faith. Those seeking Morata for grown-ups should read Morata’s work first hand (published as The Complete Writings of an Italian Heretic and edited by Holt N. Parker) and the relevant chapter in Roland Bainton’s Women of the Reformation: In Germany and Italy. (There are also published studies by Jules Bonnet, Amelia Gillespie Smyth, Ottilie Wildermuth, Caroline Bowles Southey, Robert Turnbull.) But for Carr’s target audience, this book is the only one I know of on Morata. It’s just a pity that the book’s cover (by which all books are judged) is so suggestive of an advertising brochure for some exclusive and now-outdated ‘college for young, strong and self-reliant ladies’.
There are times when it persist at times you need them most. So be serious about your decision it is your life. Handle it with care.
not particularly a good period,
The rest of the album unfolds with an almost-perfect arc. The first three songs are the big hit singles, and perhaps a stumbling block for any of you casual listeners who might break this album out after reading this: “Streets,” “I Still Haven’t Found What I’m Looking For,” and “With or Without You,” have been so overplayed for the last quarter century, that it’s hard to hear them objectively. These songs are everywhere, still, you could here them at the grocery store or a sports bar or on different radio stations that play alternative rock, or 80′s hits, or classic rock, or just “best mix of hits” etc… So, especially taken in three in a row at the beginning, you have to try to listen to them again like it’s the first time and take them on there own merits. There’s a reason they were such massive hits that still resonate.
If I can briefly bring myself to recall – it essentially drinks like a fruit beer (cherry is the nearest I can get) which has been laced with peach vodka, poured into a half-full jar of Marmite and left on a jungle floor to evolve and mutate for several decades.
“Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar’s; and unto God the things that are God’s.”
Both clothing lines have been successful since they were launched and with success, controversy usually follows. From her use of real fur during her red carpet appearances to a Deréon Girls ad that enraged a lot of people due to the alleged “sexualisation” of young girls, even someone as popular and influential as Beyoncé could not escape the sharp eye of the critics. However, no matter what they throw at her, it does not seem possible to keep this girl down. The house of Deréon keeps turning out fresh collections that the fashion hungry public can’t help but buy. Once again, Sasha Fierce has proven that if you love what you do, anything is possible.
In our price range we basically get to choose the accent color on the knobs.
If you are interesting in hosting a Bag Party, you can contact me at my email, listed to the left side of my posts.
To save on costs I finished the redo from there. You’d think it would be quick, but nah. You know me. :)
I told her we would go to the doctor on call after I brought Kristy to school at lunch.
I'll leave you with a picture of one of my baby because he was too cute to pass.
Imagine trying to write a book in Arabic or Cantonese and your mother tongue is firmly English. This is what it is like for writers who are forced into exile. Not only must they learn a new language but if they cannot suppress their desire to write then they must also try to create fiction in their adopted language.
Up before the sun to see one of the great wonders of the world. There is such a rush to see the famous Machu Picchu, that all the camps woke around 4:00 to get to the first check point which is approximately 20 minutes hike from the campsite.
Visit www.edvest.com for more information!
We are also in the same room we spent 5 weeks in last Spring. I actually prayed a couple hours before the surgery was over that we would get the same room. I know it's minor compared to everything else but for several reasons I wanted the same room. I was amazed when the surgical nurse told us we would be in the same room (I don't know why... it's not like I think God can't do that). But it was definitely a reminder that God cares about the little things that matter to us, even in the midst of the big things that matter to us. I am learning that I can ask God for anything, not just the big things. For some reason it's a recent revelation to me. And with that I am starting to involve God in more of my life.
It is worth watchig if for nothing else than the novelty of Lee as a hero. Unless you have a pronounced unease at Satanism presented in entertainment, the scary bits will hardly register on you. It is worth watching for the entertainment alue, ut the world has outgrown its horror elements.
The film taught me how sensitive you have to be to the material and make sure that you are expressing the characters fairly and not presenting them in a negative or false light. It was particularly hard to distance myself from the interviews as I obviously had strong emotions attached to my grandparents and knew how much these people meant to them and me.
One fellow in our group has asked several times about pickles, claiming they are less than 5 calories. Someone else asked about sugarless Jello. I’ve never checked, but it’s quite possible that those little 3 or 4 oz sugarless Jello cups are under 5 calories. So you’d think that they would be OK. Or maybe chicken broth (to add to the soup?) or something else. But our group leader has vetoed these.
I finally gave up and ask everyone to go sit in their chairs, and I pulled my chair up to the table. I ask the children if their Mommies and Daddies worked? They all started talking at once, telling me what their parents did. Once I quietened them down, I ask, "What do you think is Miss Bonnie's job?" Most of them just looked at me. One little girl look at me and giggled, "Silly Miss Bonnie, your don't have a job." Of course this started everyone giggling. Not quite the reaction I was hoping for.
Previously reported that singer Se7en will be promoting his follow up hit titled ‘I’m Going Crazy’.
So I SHOULD be back later with some of that, until then I just thought I'd let you know I'm still alive.^_^ Byee x
I told him that Papi, too, was living a good life without his choice of drugs and alcohol.
She took a step back. How ironic, she thought. He regards me as the player?
Castella, (or Kasutera) soft, delicate with sweet aroma, is a highly popular Japanese sponge cake, raised only by the air incorporated into the eggs and oil-free. The origin of castella is believed to have come from Portuguese merchants who introduced European sweets to Nagasaki Japan in the 16th century.
Imagine the religious establishments in England being told “You can’t do that” at every turn. They would soon rebel, they would soon become more and more fundamentalist so that they could be heard. That’s exactly what has happened in the States.
“Gov. Romney believes the best way to help lower gas prices is for long-term structural reform, which is why he supports aggressive action to expand domestic production and guarantee the American people a reliable, affordable supply of energy for the future,” – Romney spokesperson Andrea Spaul, today.
Patos, Brazil
I also grabbed this Quad Swatch card from 2009 UD Ballpark Collection. I couldn't pass up a single card with jersey pieces from four great players from the same team that all helped the Red Sox win the Series in 2007. I don't really root for the Red Sox too much anymore, but I was still rooting for them in 2007 and I collect all four of these players, so I was happy with the find. Some of these quad patch cards have strange combinations of players, but this one makes a lot of sense.
Jonas is also a betrayer. He was not unfaithful to Anna, no, he betrayed his mother. He was thirteen years when it started:
With tickets in hand, Ms. Twister and I entered the huge, open, five storied rotunda. The first couple of floors already crowded with people making their way to the top, I suggested we do the opposite.
2) The Righteous Path Through The Forest of Old – Mammatus – from “Mammatus”
- The chaos of moving and a baby who doesn’t sleep well have left me feeling the “mommy woes” lately. We aren’t unpacked and the house is usually in a state of intense disarray. When my husband is home with the children, he tends to get them to behave, clean the house to its sparkling finest, and be relatively calm upon my return. I want things to go well in my absence, but not TOO well.
This time around, I used a super fun image created by Just Inklined called Evolution. This came just in time to make a birthday card for one of my coding monkeys (IT Developer) at work.
There are four main characters: an environmental lawyer/activist, a stay-at-home mother, a musician and a college student. Each of them has to deal with the question what kind of person am I going to be? over and over again. (That old expression “in between a rock and a hard place” comes to mind.) Two of the characters are primarily concerned with being “good,” and two of them are primarily concerned with being autonomous, but in the in-between there is a world of emotional and moral possibility. Surely there is no freer person than a white, well-educated, wealthy, Western man, but in the person of Walter Berglund (arguably the heart of the novel) there could be no one more weighed down by expectations, obligations and compromises.
This experience is not the reason I don't want to send my kids to school, but I do think about it every time someone brings up the socialization issue. School is far from being an ideal social environment for all children. And before you say you can't protect your children from being made fun of, it's going to happen anyway, I will tell you I do realize that. But they will be able to choose who to socialize with instead of being stuck with the same kids every day, whether they like it or not. My children will learn that they do not ever have to put up with abuse or harassment.
Bake for about an hour, until a toothpick comes out clean. Let the loaves cool for five to ten minutes before you turn them out. Yum!
I'm terrible, and my notorious bag obsession doesn't help (I obsess over sports bags, that's how bad it is). But I just love me purses.
Early in my research, after I gathered many of my resources, I spent one weekend on photo research. It’s a great way to begin to “see” the people in the story. That’s when I discovered the photographs of Father Frank Browne, who was on board ship for the first 24 hours before departing with many rare pictures. As it turned out, I decided to begin the book with Father Browne.
Start the car!!
1. Favorite book, and why? Good question. I don’t have a favorite at the moment. But I read the novelization of Star Wars (the original) 9 times back in the 1980s. Does this count? And I lost track of how many times I’ve reread Brunella Gasperini’s books. All of them (the ones I could get my hands on, that is).
33) De Librije (Zwolle, Netherlands)
I cannot hear the motor when the drone
being alone in a sky of stars
A reading below 100 indicates consumers are more pessimistic than optimistic about the economy’s prospects, while a reading above 100 indicates they see conditions improving.
For the hop today, I've created a Turkey Treat Card
For those of you fortunate enough to be able to drive, and have a car to drive, you may be able to relate to this story.
I gave it a two thumbs up! Of course, Colin Firth had me at “hhhhhello”.
For 62 children. Her teacher was cracking up.
In a tweet posted last night, Tay Ping Hui wrote:
Karen is joining in on the fun. She says: When I wear these shoes I feel like I’m one of those people who puts effort into their look.
Learn more about the mix of commitment, fun, hi-tech research and interaction, that makes this crowd a very special one!” Salomon Trail Running
I am not sure my training is working for me the way I had hoped.
E. Essential start to your day: Something to drink other than water!
Sad that Tim Urban was eliminated. He had talent too. I loved his “Can’t Help Falling in Love with you” performance which was in a totally different league. It is difficult to imagine how else the already perfect song orginially sung by Elvis Presley be changed . Another one of those stellar performances that stood out and that which won’t be forgotten in a hurry. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eLAimcHm4U. But I guess his smile and talent will take him places. Am sure there are lots of avenues opening up for him soon.
Isn't it strange......I knew you in the days before I thought to take photographs...........
Feminist, Marxism and the visual cultures of globalisation
Has been singing all along
· Demonstrated strong and effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
(Blouse-Forever21, Skirt and Necklace- J.Crew, Wedges- Steve Madden, Watch-Michael Kors)
the dogs are running around.
There is an e-book I think you can benefit from called: “The Little Book of Big Change-Be Happy, Make Money and Lose Weight” by Matt Beclcher. Here is the link to it: http://astore.amazon.com/self-help5300-20/detail/B004IK94A0
Even when the sky is falling down
8. I call them “petty” I know at the time they seem anything but minor, but let us consider Jesus surrounded daily by sinners makes our problems pale in comparison.
Tears form in the corners of my eyes like they always do, every time I read the words he has chosen for me.
Earlier today a mental health professional engaged in research described many efforts to arrange and develop Liaison and Diversion services as “The Emperor’s New Clothes” because they too often rely upon models which do not operate when people find themselves arrested and which sometimes fail to ensure the public interest is met by engagement with the services to which people were ‘diverted’. All too often, the whole thing relies upon police officers to identify those potentially suffering from mental health problems and then has the potential to regress into an ineffective, half service which is more about the police than mental health.
Pulp publishers Street and Smith advertised Doc Savage as a “SUPERMAN!” but in house they were referring to the Shadow and other mystery men as “superheroes” as early as 1932. Future DC publisher Harry Donnefeld launched Super-Detective magazine in 1934, but the prefix had been popular for at least a decade. Bruce Graeme opens his 1925 novel Blackshirt with a complaint: “A super-criminal—bah! It is all tommy-rot, this ‘super’ business.
What I would like to know, is how much it costs the city to keep police officers at the local Wal-Mart in South Philly for security purposes. Also, how much extra does it cost to have them there in higher numbers during the Holiday season. Why can't Wal-Mart hire it's own security? That would create more jobs for unemployed people and less police officers will be up at Wal-Mart laughing & joking, instead of patrolling the streets.
I am glad to report that this Inquisitorial practice is no longer part of church management though the language echoing that dreadful past remains with us in phrases like, “heads are going to roll” and “losing your head” about something or someone. The Inquisitors, who were the head lopping pruners of the medieval church considered themselves tasked with “cleansing” the church of error. They saw themselves as those who were doing the pruning work that Jesus refers to in today’s Gospel reading.
In terms of finding albums the trend seems to towards showing ever larger photos of the album covers, which is nice to look at, but if you’re looking at an artist with lots of albums, it makes it hard to find a particular one.
Hobsbawm’s main argument is that this period witnessed a massive advance in the world economy, in industrial capitalism, in the social order it represented, and in the ideas and beliefs which seemed to legitimize it – science, progress and liberalism. The study is divided thematically with a prelude focusing on the Revolutions of 1848, part one examining the social, economic, and political developments of the time, and part two exploring the results of these developments. According to Hobsbawm, who is an affirmed Marxist, 1848 sets the tone for this period and it is primarily the failure of the revolutions that enable capitalism’s advancement. Hobsbawm understands the revolutions as heterogeneous with each nation desiring a different political outcome; however, he also suggests that the revolutionaries throughout Europe consisted of the laboring poor whose demands frightened the liberals and the moderates into negotiations and agreements with the old regimes. Thus, for the author, 1848 failed because the confrontation was not between old regimes and progress but between order and social revolution and the liberal moderates preferred order.
We have had a few changes and tweaks in the past few weeks, and are delighted to introduce Joyce and Stacie to the Stamp N doodle Community.
Soldiers young, and soldiers old,
The startling thing is that airline customers get it. Retail customers get it. But, for the most part, clients of global ad agencies still don't get it.
Because that whole commercial allowed me to relate and that irritates me. Because depression really does affect everything. I have really hit the rock bottom, but unlike some few people I can mention *Ahem* I am doing my very best to pull back up again.
For me - well if you read my previous blog you already know the answer. I never drink beer by the pint or even the half pint. I knew if there were any beers that I was going to get excited about they would definitely have an abv over 6% and a third of pint glass would be perfect to enjoy the aromas and flavours of a strong beer.
The success of this recipe depends upon the melted chocolate and butter being at the same temperature. If not, the chocolate and butter will separate.
For as much as people write about the flawed morality of Burns' rebellion, that he is often selfish and impractical in his worldview, today it seems hard to believe that his lifestyle could ever be an issue. Plenty of people today have been spending months living off of unemployment, albeit not by choice as Burns does, and nobody outside of bloviating political media pundits would call them out as bums as Nick fears Murray will be by Childrens' Services. Murray to his credit has much more of a parental impulse than his unseen sister who dumps "Chubby" on him, and while he may not have full-time employment, he's definitely not a layabout sitting at home watching TV and eating Chuckle Chips while Nick goes to school; he's constantly soliciting Nick and anyone else within the range of his voice to visit the city, various landmarks, movie houses. He's taking advantage of free time and frugal living to enjoy the cultural opportunities of New York. It stands to reason one of his objections with 9-to-5 employment is that it leaves people too tired to do anything but come home, shlumpf in front of Chuckles the Chipmunk, and never go on any adventures. If anything, Murray is the prototype for Free-Range Parenting.
D – Why aren’t there anyone selling Arch Enemy CD’s at the concert!?
The 52 week project is a self portrait project. It has transformative effects on the people who commit to it. Seriously! You can join in too. Pop over to Fi's lovely blog, My Mummy Daze and have a look.
Water warm and easily carries me flowing;
movements in a grand peroration that should end this work
1) SAP Transforms Social Collaboration With Analytics for Data-Driven Decision-Making
I know I always say that each project was lots of fun, but I really mean it this week. I have two more banners in the making plus another one I'm starting today to make for my Mama! She has a dark mantel that she's always looking for something to hang around it to brighten it up. And having her grandkids helping is sure to be an extra special treat!
I had no idea until Don’s post my propensity to keep lists was something “old people … do”. I’ve kept lists since I was knee-high to a Coke bottle. Nor am I (as I like to tell myself) anywhere close to qualifying as “old”, at least in the truest sense of that word.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdPqwzWeP1c&feature=feedrec_grec_index
I’m pretty confident the colourway will be a good match.
AirTran Flight 15 departed Orlando International Airport Jan. 8 and was heading south about 400 feet off the ground when Capt. Jerry Egel was hit in the face by a bright green laser.
“Be watchful! Be alert!
As long as you have life, you will have stages.
To see what messages
I've been very fortunate to have been published lots of times in numerous magazines in Australia and worldwide. I still get really excited seeing my work in print!
“I would never have imagined myself in wellies scrabbling around in the dirt a year ago – I was more at home in designer stilletos – but I have to admit I really enjoyed it.”
- Foams and ferments the wine? it serves to purify - while the heart pants, life glows:
No customer minded the serving glass size, if they wanted a pint instead of a schloonerly two thirds then the staff did let them know the price would be y instead of x if the board price was for a different size to what was ordered. But other than that, most people just ordered via the 'Can I have that beer' and let the bar decide the serving size. This is good for us customers as some beers are very expensive as pints but 2/3 glass size that work out better and this also works well for 6% beers I found.
How unlike the pathetic turnout of the state paid agents, paid unionists and their dupes who were there on an all expenses day out.
If I'm dreaming don't wanna laugh
b) post about them
I think, too, that Samantha Brown (from The Travel Channel) hit the nail on the head when she said that visiting England was, at least for Americans, Europe-light. It is exotic for us with the differences in food, accents, and dialects, but it’s not way outside our comfort zones. Traveling to London from the US seems kind of like visiting, say, Atlanta when you’re from Minneapolis—go with me on this one. Some accents are hard to manage, sure, but they still speak English and you can make yourself understood. Some of the food is decidedly different from what you’d find on your table at home, but it’s recognizable and you can find something you like. Your trip is full of new and exciting experiences, and you don’t have to worry about whether or not you can read the street signs.
Even if we came out on top, we lost club captain, Fabregas and Theo Walcott.
At the gate, I scan the faces of new arrivals. There’s an elderly gentleman holding his grandchild like she’s the most precious thing he’s ever seen. My eyes fix on the small bandage just by his left ear. Did he get grazed by falling bricks, or is it just one of the legion of small injuries the elderly get on a daily basis? Is it just my imagination or is there hope, fear and impatience etched on the faces of my fellow departing passengers?
I: Could I have your Krishna name again?
Proverbs 14:12 There is a way which seems right to a man, but its end is the way of death. (NASB)
We are dealing with a race that is infinitely fragmented into tribal and ethnic divisions, sub divisions, languages, dialects and others defining separatist mechanisms that makes defining them as simply as “Black People” outrageously simplistic and myopic if any effort is to be made to understand the absolute inability of these people to contribute anything constructive or positive to humanity.
His followers tittered in nervous excitement as they waited for my response. I smiled indulgently before making the following reply: “They might well do, laddie, but only if they were hungry. Perhaps you could answer a question that’s been puzzling me. Is it true that a human boy will lie on his arm before he masturbates so that his hand will feel like someone else’s?”
The conditional structures are
Towards the end of last year, I still noticed that the headphones were still getting tangled and we were still having the issue of more children then books. I got this idea then to ask for six individual CD players from DonorsChoose. I was shocked when this project was funded almost immediately! Problem number 3 solved.
There is a cortege of vultures sitting on the roof of this hotel. The management sends a bellboy up each day with a towel, a pillowcase, or something equally ridiculous, which he flaps at them. They flap back, and he comes down with a new gash on his leg. Tomorrow, I predict, he will not go up at all. They will have to find another bellboy. I consider the average length of time it takes for your people to learn a lesson, but perhaps I am being unfair. No lesson is more difficult than death, after all.
Not only did he not pass on the details to police or children, but he actively coerced the children into staying silent. And he has LIED about the support the children were given.
“Perhaps thirty. They have spears and bows, daggers and swords,” answered his cousin. “Yellow Clay Village is the smallest of the six villages. We produce grains and chickens in good years. The bandits threaten all our lives, and none of the men in the village are heroes. We need what help we can get, but we can not afford to offer much in return, I’m afraid,” concluded Hornmel stoically.
COURTNEY VAIL writes totally twisted YA and adult suspense. She enjoys braiding mystery, suspense & romance with some kind of weirdness. Her addictions to crazy coffee concoctions, Funny Bones, Ben & Jerry's, and bacon keep her running and writing. She currently lives in New England with a comedian stud and a wild gang of kidlets.
I'm sitting in my sunny Jerusalem apartment on the first day of Pesach. The neighborhood kids are playing soccer in the playground across the street. It's a quiet Shabbat in Katamon.
“What? No kiss?” She looked up longingly at him.
~Covergirl concealer in "buff beige"
The only time I've ever smoked in my life was a couple of joints on two occasions in the same house. This Swedish? Danish? Norwegian? actor went to Cuba and he and I struck up a good, short, but solid friendship. He threw two parties in a row and every single person there was someone I trusted. Still, the weed did nothing to me, so I haven't touched it since.
By watching, their parents the children learn to bully and hate new residents (new comers, and outsiders). This action can take place anywhere in Cheyenne. The children not only watch but also are encouraged to participate in the bulling of the victim. These children are taught to what to say and how to act to harm the victim (new resident, new comer, or outsider) so others will take notice of this behavior and believe the child or children. So, the unfortunate victim (new resident, new comer, or outsider) is blamed for the some crime not committed but made up by the bullies.
Ah yes, agree to disagree as long as the agenda moves forward. The actual conclusion reads,
Link back to the entered recipe on your blog is a must.
Finally, for people who love the philosophical as well as the historical implications of things, there's The History of White People by Nell Irvin Painter ($27.95, W.W. Norton & Company) in which the author “offers a comprehensive assessment of western ideas of race, beauty, and blood from antiquity to the present time, deftly demonstrating that all three are concepts evolved by dominant cultures rather than based on biological fact.” This is not everyone’s cup of tea, but it must be said it is not as boring as one might assume. There is surely something to be said for the Caucasians who proved to be the discoverers of scientific truth and the most innovative race in recent centuries. That said, the Chinese were writing poetry while our ancestors were still deep into the Dark Ages. No one race is “superior” to one another since we all share the same DNA. Weaving together all that we know at this point, this book challenges our presumptions.
The 3rd best team in each group are given a second chance in the Europa League. There, they’ll have the chance to bully other clubs. Most Europa League winners are clubs that weren’t good enough to qualify for the knockout phase of the Champions League.
The Uninvited - 3 stars. Not bad. A remake of the 2003 Korean chiller Janghwa, Hongryeon, starring a bunch of actors/actresses you don't know and will probably never see again. A few chills and a nice little twist at the end saves this from being a total waste of time. What to drink? At least one bottle of Stop Making Sense, an 11% eis bock, from Trinity Brewing Company (Colorado Springs, Colorado). This will do a few things: first, due to the high ABV it will actually help make sense of the movie, and two, due to the high ABV... you're just not gonna care if it's good or bad.
how to sit
Speaking to reporters after a speech in Chicago, Jeff Smisek, chief executive of the airline’s parent United Continental Holdings, said the company is planning to unveil some new offerings now that it has integrated its reservations system with that of its 2010 merger partner Continental Airlines. ”We also, of course, are expanding the ancillary products and services we will sell that customers will buy. We’ve held in abeyance a lot of that,” Smisek said, declining to say what the company planned to offer next. ”I’m not allowed to talk about it, but they’re going to be good and they’re going to be cool,” he said.
How about you? What are your Spring Break plans?
What's going to happen when it gets hot out? Keep your Go-bag packed and check your escape routes my friends. Never hurts to be ready for trouble.
Take care of yourself in the meantime.Peace.
No, replied Schick.
On the other hand, apart from cigars, cigarettes have never been my thing. Perhaps I just don’t know, and can’t possibly fathom, the nicotine angle to this “regular” equation. Perhaps it's the nicotine talking, and not the persons.
“Ron”: Well, yeah…when you get used to using the touch typing pad. I need more practice at it.
So, yes, I am writing this on my stoop, locked out of my apartment, unsure what on earth I will do this evening to get a good night's sleep. I can't very well wake up my landlords, they have three children after all, but I just don't know if the mosquito-laden front porch of my home will do it for me tonight. Hmmm. And don't think I miss the irony in all this. I, unofficial key girl of New York, LOCK myself out of my apartment, without my KEYS. There are just too many levels to explore here.
As readers of this blog know, I read a lot. My appetite for books, for knowledge borders on the insatiable. I am interested in a lot of things. I often think that if I were more focused, less peripatetic and esoteric, I would be teaching in a university somewhere far away from the fleshpots of Madison Avenue.
801-531-0920 (For local callers)
Because, of course, you'll die of malnutrition. But you'll keep doing it, and doing it, like a rat with a way to self-administer cocaine. Giving up carbs is really hard to do. Even before I was sick, I'd get the shakes, and intense cravings. Then there are the visual cues, which are constant. As somebody in marketing and advertising, I know just how helpless we can be in the face of $5.99 single-topping pizza specials, particularly when you're exhausted after work, haven't eaten in six hours, and are faced with the prospect of an hour's cooking time before food ingestion.
Here it is! The comp responsible for getting me into one of my favorite bands "Lanemeyer". And Also my first taste and 90's style pop punk. It also house one of my top 5 favorite songs (Easy Target - Stickin' Around).
Now he has his chance... the Holstein scrambles to his feet and declares a blitz on my thrower.. makes his dodge away from the frog, makes 3 Go For Its: rolls the block dice: Push! (Yes!) My Thrower has agility 4, so I know I can just dodge away easily next turn, he knows it too, so he rerolls his blitz:
to make love to you
Or - oh help! - this has turned into "Where do the blog MONTHS go?"
white-hating, America-loathing preacher who for decades served as
After we checked into our hotel, I went for a little run to shake out my legs. Immediately upon exiting the air-conditioned lobby of the hotel, I finally had to acknowledge the reality that my body is the opposite of good at dissipating heat. It doesn't even try. It's like it doesn't care at all about my well-being and comfort. Less than a mile into my run, I was reduced to a shambling jog. Breathing was like trying to insufflate syrup through a coffee straw. It was at this point that I began to panic a little.
There is plenty of credit to go around. The signing of Andrea Pirlo on a free transfer following his release by Milan will go down as one of the most brilliant pieces of business ever conducted by the club – and one of the Rossoneri’s most boneheaded. If the true picture is a little more nuanced, the player not having produced consistent performances of this calibre for some time before his departure from Milan, then his importance to Juventus is undeniable. His 13 assists lead the division.
28° Est (photo here). The cafe itself is basically a cinder block and the interior is sad. But score a seat on the terrasse, or better yet on the roof deck over looking the Bassin, and you're golden. Don't be tempted by the food here - it's not good. Stick with the drinks.
Also a guy like this is able to keep things in a timing aspect b/c eventually he will level at the right time that he feels he has you in the palm of his hands.
Good writing should be clear, communicative, and easy to read. But you probably already know that's harder to do than it sounds! If you’ve read over a few pages of your manuscript and found nothing but a few typos and an overuse of passive voice, you’ve done a surprisingly good job.
Here’s a fun little quiz to test your lay/lie understanding: Select one answer from the choices provided after each sentence.
We also hear a lot about the strategic plan but in terms of impact on representatives we are still looking, though I sense that it has had a lot of internal effect. I shall be looking forward to some technological changes soon and do hope these will include an e-filable MM2, as well as finding out if eSearch Plus will ever come out of Beta. For those of us making our way to Washington for the INTA annual meeting Booth 323 should be worth a visit
* Spirituality and the Environment
Okay, I realize that multiple things I listed do actually take batteries, but I'm talking toys here, not baby gear. I am trying hard to keep those types of toys out of the house, but I know in the long run it will be a futile effort. As a friend told me, the first year people buy cute clothes and books to impress the mom...and starting with the one year birthday people buy loud flashy toys to impress the kid. But until then, hopefully she can survive without Baby's First Singing and Talking Laptop.
That's all for today. I'm so glad you stopped to visit. Have a wonderful Wednesday!
But, what do I know -- it's taken me 30 years just to get three short stories independently published ;)
Even if I didn't pick up.
Next I finished up the rear Targa roof seal by installing the “rosettes” that secure the seal around the rear Targa pin locator, resulting in a cleaner, finished look. At the same time, I took advantage of the heat (soooo nice) and peeling the dash leather cover off. Over the years the sun had curled it up around the edges and causing it to be an eyesore. It came of relatively easy but then the real work came. Some one was “glue happy” (obviously smelling it a little too much before starting) and it took 2 hours of scraping, swearing and adhesive remover to clean the glue off. Now it is time to have a new one made…maybe something with a contrasting stitching?
The camera’s were flashing, anticipation in the air, awaiting the Spring 2012 looks to be revealed at the Grammys. I was in shock to see a sea of black make its way down the carpet. Embellished with gold accessories, stars managed to make this cliché look fresh and modern.
We wandered around mostly, just seeing what we could see, unsure of a destination and a goal, but, isn't that the most fun?
The process is two fold. I visited the hospital 3 weeks ago for testing to make sure that I was a candidate. This was a 6 hour process and left some pain in my right leg and lower back.
Yes! They (the Muslims) used to be afraid: (1) of their sins and (2) from the disobedience of Allah (swt), more than they used to be afraid of their enemy or their enemy’s great number and mighty weapons, as we find ‘Umar bin AlKhattab (raa) saying: (in his letter to the Commander S’ad bin Abi Waqqas, when he sent him for the conquest of Persia):
*Verdict-Learn To Listen&Consider The Wisdom Of Those ARound You Regardless Of Age, Nationality, Or Status For Progression Is Possible Only In Admitting We ARen’t “There” Yet. Why Would We Desire To Be? For THE MOMENT WE UNDERSTAND ALL MYSTERIES IS THE SECOND WE EXHALE OUR INEXORABLE LAST.
My prayer line has went to another level where, when Jesus answers I can clearly hear. I have learned how to love others in spite of their evil doing or loose words. Using God’s word to guard my heart from the enemy. I am learning scriptures and applying them daily. God knew my dislike of reading the bible some time ago. God knew my weaknesses but through this blog He has revealed that I can do all thing through Him. So thankful for being obedient! So try not to sit around and judge others because while you are judging and being bitter, others are being about Our Father’s business. When you are for God it shows. I am loving my walk with Him and don’t plan on getting off track. I have the word to use. God will turn a sinner into a cheerful servant when the heart is ready!
Yes, of course they have.
It is finally Spring Break and I am…. exhausted.
Let the countdown begin!
Tales of power — horror stories —
Nothing touched me in High School as much as Hesse’s Narcissus and Goldmund. I enjoyed the book at the time without, of course, really understanding it completely. Will I ever? And now, looking back I think I see some similarities in my own life, or better put; my own efforts to find my place.
In the wake of the Motoon affair he — like countless other Danes — felt the scales fall from his eyes. He’s now President of the ‘Danish Free Press Society’ and a vehement supporter of the free word. For that reason alone he’s normally excluded from the MSM, especially national TV.
-Started batting at toys and grasping toys that you find on your own without us placing them in your hands.
Photographer
God has been, oh, how should I put this? Dealing with me on this. You see, it is not that I haven’t had the time to write that post. It was written up the same time as the first post. And it is sitting in my “drafts” box. I pulled it up a couple times last Wednesday and just couldn’t hit the “publish” button.
Usher does random hot stuff too..,like slo strip teases with his back to the audience; taking bling out of a mission impossible type brief case. He also has a gold platted mic in the shape of a gun..,hahaha. The RS guys will need to hit the gym this summer….there has to b @ least one number where they all rip their tops off…u think?
4x4 - 3:03.51 - Florida (Clark, Middleton, Pastor, Clement) - '05
With a small bowl of cold water beside you, wet hands and quickly roll about a teaspoon of the matzoh ball mixture between your palms into a ball and place on a plate.
Preview for KARA’s upcoming Japanese single “Speed Up/Girls Power” + album covers revealed Mizuki Nana announces nationwide tour for the summer AKB48’s Akimoto Sayaka to appear on stage play “Roman Holiday” KARA’s Goo Hara re-signs contract with DSP Media Nogizaka46 becomes official supporters for “J League 2012″
It is set on an aircraft carrier. Does this bring a snappy graphic cover image to your mind? No, me neither. (I see the Americans wisely went with a wreath floating in the water instead.) Racking my brains, I proposed an American navy cap. She told me to ring up someone in the American Embassy and insist on getting written permission to use this image. (Remember, this is all in the days before the internet, email, wikipedia, Google images...)
red for stun, yellow for down, green is up but no tackle-zone: bone head/stupid.
But I know this is never easy. I know as a newbie to the networking world, it’s scary to walk in to a room full of strangers and strike up a conversation. This is something that most people dread, but it’s an excellent way to connect with people and allow your business to grow.
"When I be a dad and get a mom, I want her van to be blue."
Don’t play with me because you have nothing better to do.
So, when anomaly hunters approach an idea that’s actually pretty solid and widely accepted – say, that 9/11 was perpetrated by a band of Islamic extremists, or that ghosts don’t exist – they might pick up on some small factors that seem at first glance not to fit perfectly with the established explanation – say, that “fire can’t melt steel”, or that there’s something strange in your neighbourhood – and use these to call the established explanation into question. The very fact that anomalies exist – in this sense of strange-seeming things that can’t be immediately explained – is held up as evidence of the weakness of the prevailing theory.
After all, it’s a luxury item launching post-Christmas into a Western world ravaged by financial floundering, and further hindered by Sony’s desperate need to make money at a time when the strength of the Yen makes exported Japanese products very expensive.
* All entries must be the unaided work of the entrant.
And yes, sure many of those self-published books those Indie books are horrible. And got news for you. Many of the books done by the Big 6 are just as bad as well. Their editors are horrible. Indeed sometimes I wonder if the editors at the Big 6 are not more than first year college students. They print books based upon name-fame not upon content. So they cannot point fingers here.
how are you? are you also feeling it all deeply? exhausted and joyful and struggling and thankful and full of life and love all at once, too? god, i hope so :)
Thanks for popping by my blog today.
I am so unbelievably thankful for my parents and the example they have set for me of a loving, committed marriage.
I believe …
The first block focuses on true thoughts. I used a violin for this block because it is such a beautiful instrument. However, if it is not truly in tune, or the notes are not played truly, it can be quite painful to listen to! It's a reminder to me to only allow things that are true into my mind - not hearsay, or gossip or half-truth.
Yeah, we all homeschool the same way. But homeschooling looks pretty different in each unschooling household. Actually, homeschooling looks pretty different for each unschooling kid.
So the force behind Adolf Hitler, on behalf of the Illuminati, was the House of Rothschild, this “Jewish” bloodline which claims to support and protect the Jewish faith and people. In fact they use and sickeningly abuse the Jewish people for their own horrific ends. The Rothschilds, like the Illuminati in general, treat the mass of the Jewish people with utter contempt. They are, like the rest of the global population, just cattle to be used to advance the agenda of global control and mastery by a network of interbreeding bloodlines, impregnated with a reptilian genetic code, and known to researchers as the Illuminati.
set noexec_user_stack=1
5. Bake for 15 minutes. Then turn over each latke and bake for another 15 minutes or until both sides are browned (you don’t have to add more oil – there will be oil left on the paper).
Megatron has been released differently in the US and Japan. He was not released in the First Edition line in the US, but was released as a First Edition Deluxe by Takara. He was supposed to released in a Hasbro Entertainment Pack as a deluxe figure with Optimus Prime and the kids from the Cartoon. So far that has not happened. Next he came out as a RID voyager figure in the US, then an Arms Micron deluxe figure in Japan.
Contemporary theology in the secular universities reflects the dominant world-view of humanist subjectivism, where every person’s god is as good as the other and every person’s truth is as valid as the other. Ironically, that very threat to Bible absolutes has driven some evangelicals to co-operate with any who stand for an objective Christian theology and has led them into a new rapprochement with Roman Catholics in the United States. The RC Church is, however, far from the monolithic body it once was and some of its academics, like Paul Knitter, are as close to universalism as the Hindus. Herbert Pollitt has amply documented the influence of this New Age thinking on the church (The Inter- Faith Movement, Banner of Truth, 1996). If the spirit of the age remains as strong an influence on the church as it has previously been then we can expect to hear a lot more of Creation Theology, well beyond sandal-wearing seminars at the Greenbelt Festival.
This year as we study, I will update this page with a link to each challenge hymn for easy reference! You may want to bookmark this link. Studies will be posted usually by 5 p.m. Central time every other Sunday. This will be your one resource page for the entire year's study! I hope this is helpful to you! Blessings,
Katy Perry lashes in OH MY are added to compliment the look.
The church was smaller than I expected. There was no way soldiers survived more than 300 days with out support from the outside. Locals told me that their ancestors speak of how they helped the soldiers because of pity. We are a forgiving lot and it appears that Baler natives had forgiven the Spaniards even when they were still waging war. If it this was in any other nation, the Spaniards in Baler would have been dragged like animals in the streets and executed. But our Christian society, which the Spanish religious bequeathed us, even in war, does not tolerate such behavior.
Remember: to make that 100-page goal, you have to write three and a half (3.5) pages per day. The actual number is 3.3 pages, so if you do 3.5, you’ll finish a little bit ahead of schedule!
Did the prophet say ‘I hear and obey, our Lord’ or ‘I cannot read’ as contended in the hadith?
“He is a changed man,” said Jackson. “He has reformed his life. He has expressed deep remorse and deep regret.
What I did really enjoy about this book was the road trip itself. They’re driving a classic clunker, they sleep in camping grounds and in the car. They eat from gas stations and convenience stores and Peter counts his pennies at every stop. Plus the dog they picked up along the way does add a nice touch of character to the trip. I felt the road trip was quite realistic in terms of their ages and their capabilities. I also really, really enjoyed the way that Smith writes dysfunctional family relationships. I really did believe in Emma’s isolation and Peter and his father’s fractured relationship and inability to really communicate with each other. I felt that I could understand why Emma never knew about her twin and even though I felt for her, and felt that it was wrong she didn’t know, I could also understand why parents and children old enough to really feel the loss (her brothers and sister were in their mid to late teens at the time of her and Thomas’s birth) could clam up about it and just find it easier to never have to talk about it.
If I told anybody, then they would
But you don't "break out of stereotypes" by reinforcing them.
Yes, we’re going to lil’ swim class. I’m so excited because she absolutely loves taking baths. Did you take lessons as a baby/kid? I know I took lessons when I was 5-6 years old. I know I’ve mentioned several times that I am a terrible swimmer. I mean, I can swim to save my life but that’s about it. I really would like to take lessons though because it really is a great form of exercise. Oh wait, I’d need a gym membership though. I guess I can do without it.
Hi I wish I knew who you are, but it does not matter as long as you are working to let people know who she really is! 9:14 AM Dec 7
He established his own interior design business in Vancouver and eventually moved his office to Victoria. Bruce was a creative and energetic entrepreneur. His ideas and designs were especially popular with executive home owners and small business, and had been published in trade magazines over time.
simultaneously highlighting their vulnerable femininity and making me
Housekeeping:
Reach out to those around you in love and forgiveness. More importantly, reach out to God! Embrace Christ. Allow Him to do what is needed in your life to take control of the rhizomes of sin and bring them back within His boundaries.
'Twas more than I could take, pity for pity's sake
Did I scan past the best of the salacious paragraphs?
Like Psycho, there is simply no question that this is first, foremost and completely a horror film. What starts as a seemingly innocent romantic flirtation turns downright frightening as a small coastal California town becomes ground zero for an all-out war on mankind by the area’s bird population. Made well before the current environmental “green” movement, Mother Nature is pissed in this horror classic and she’s not gonna take it anymore. Has there ever been a creepier scene than the end of this film, where the birds perched on every available surface magnanimously provide a brief reprieve from their all-out assault to give the few remaining people an opportunity to give up and get out? If there is, I haven’t seen it.
I have been thinking of adoption, but even that is expensive. They have such a long process and require of course $$$$ to take care of everything. It makes me feel like I am buying the kid instead of adopting. I don’t know what to do anymore.
If you were to rate your luck/unluckiness, how would you rate?
is concealed inside the shoe where research has
HAR MAR SUPERSTAR – GANGSTERS WANT TO CUDDLE ME
do it on a regular basis to stay connected to the person you have been drawn to. Once a
Accessories: Everyday enchantment brad & ribbon back (SAB & retired), blossom punch, circle punches, polka dot embossing folder
But one must take it because it is right. ….MLK Jr.
I know it wasn't really my textbook chapter that caused the confusion--the other half of the class wrote very good analyses (again, at first glance). So, all I can figure is that the ones that didn't write the summary/analysis piece just didn't read the damn chapter.
But the stuff they have is not the point and this is why.
“I said ‘what are you doing here?’” said Keenan, “and he said ‘What are YOU doing here?’ We both laughed.”
The festival will showcase beers from Buckbean, Boulder Dam Brewing, Barley’s Brewing, Gordon Biersch Las Vegas, Backyard Brew Pub, Stone Brewing Company, Tenaya Creek, Nevada Beverage and more. The breweries will set up along the waterfront cobblestone streets of The Village and guests can taste top-notch beers while enjoying live music. To round out the evening guests can choose from one of the many restaurants in The Village for dinner.
Senior execs for a big US retailer told their shareholders that they don’t expect the Xbox 720 and PlayStation 4 til 2014. That seems like a good guess to us, even though Sony has always said the PS3 will have a 10-year life cycle (which began in 2006).
But this is more than a political calculation. It is more than just a pander to his base. It is a pander to himself: Obama is a member of his base. He believes this stuff. It is an easy and comfortable political shift for him, because it’s a shift from a phony centrism back to his social-democratic core, from positioning to authenticity.
He Broke his Word, and Lost some Face.
Growing up in a post-ADA America has meant that many of us have had access to more opportunities than previous generations. We know if we had been born in 1967 instead of 1987 our lives would look completely different. We know the history of our people is tainted by eugenics, ableism, lack of access and the sting of low expectations. We recognize the work that has been done by disability movements over the last century to make the current lives we live possible. We are proud to be members of this vibrant, breathing, community.
Does not become weary or tired.
It's alright to slow down. In fact, it feels . . . amazing.
Good Morning everyone! Thanks for joining us for another Peachy Keen Stamps Challenge! I think you're *really* going to love this one! I had a blast looking at our design team's creations!
Next, there is also activity that transpires that is of a sexual or lovemaking action. There is no action that a human being can engage in that is more “God like” than the act of creating a new life. Although each time there is a sexual act, the creation of a new child does not occur, it is still the act that is symbolic of creation, and it puts you in the position of being better able to understand what it means to use your “Godness and Goddessness,” if you will, and to create life, within you. By doing this the charkas generate an abundance of creative energy which can in turn be used for any purpose that one sees fit. It can be utilized to work with art, with creating music, or some other creative activity. It is very important to realize that creative energy is the most powerful human energy that exists, meaning that it is truly an energy that is cosmic in its nature. Every atom that exists, and every particle that makes up the atoms, has within it an innate “knowing” of how to create, of the need to create, for creation is the generating of energy and this energy is the force that drives one’s life on all levels. And so, your body, mind, and consciousness, thus your psyche, is generating creative power at all times. If you do not have an outlet or purpose for using that energy, then it will begin to build up within the various energy centers and eventually will reach a point where the body can generate no more. There is no room for it or the body has nowhere to store that energy and thus causes the energy generated within to cease. That energy that has built up will eventually dissipate. Thus, having a creative outlet is so very important for the purpose of utilizing your creative power in a constructive manner. There is a thin line between constructive energy and destructive energy. Actually, there is no difference in the energies, but there is difference in the intent for which the energy is used. Intent motivates. If your intent is positive, then the use of the energy will be positive and constructive. But if your intent is negative, which means totally self-serving, then the energy will be used destructively. This happens often when a person is angry and spits out their venom that directs what would have been constructive energy in a destructive manner. Energy never misses it target. If you think ill of another person, then that person will receive those thoughts in a very subtle, often unconscious way. In fact, we would say that they rarely manifest on the conscious level of the one receiving the thought. Rather, they influence or manifest on the unconscious level. Things can happen as a result. The person can feel depressed, or a sense of despair or, in severe cases, a sense of hopelessness and even self-destruction. And so it is so very important to know that thoughts carry a great deal of power, and the greatest of these powers is creative power.
This one was different. Kona did the roasted coffee aromas and flavors very well, subtle, not too over the top. If you like coffee, get this beer. If you like beer, get this beer. If you don't like beer or coffee, I feel sorry for you.
However, Messers Mutkin and Shevchenko are being more than a little misleading. If they care to look West and to the EU, a large number of EU nations have national identity card schemes. In fact there are only a few that do not, my home nation of the UK being one.
HERRING UNDER THE FUR – 14.00
If you're like me, your love of the macabre started early. It's hard to pinpoint exactly when I turned to the dark side, but one thing certainly brought the ghastly home: Madballs.
Well it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
My morning activity soon dissolved into an afternoon of empty listlessness and lethargy, punctuated by trips to the computer to masturbate, fixing a banana, peanut butter and green olive sandwich for lunch, and vacuuming the apartment.
The polygraph in use today is a compact portable device that measures three or four key involuntary physiological responses to questioning: skin conductivity, abdominal and chest respiration, blood pressure, and heart rate. Some questions are designed to establish baseline responses, some are neutral, and others attempt to register “guilty knowledge,” or at least a sense that the person knows something that confirms him or her as a suspect. However, despite claims by examiners, the accuracy rate by disinterested evaluators is not high enough for admissibility.
There was my cabinet, turned on its side with my husband bent over it, covered in paint dust. He looked up at me and grinned with his excitement. I stood there stunned, absolutely stunned. It was like coming home to a room whose walls had been a familiar white to find them painted purple. I couldn’t speak. All I could do was stare.
On Nuclear issue too, how can the US and other “nuclear” nations preach nuclear abstinence to Iran when they themselves are armed to teeth with nuclear warheads, with a combined capacity to destroy the complete world at least 15 times over? (Well, one can die only once, sadly!) What legitimacy does all these nuclear nations have which gives them the moral-or-immoral authority to curb an independent nation’s nuclear ambitions when it is repeatedly proclaiming its peaceful intents? Even if the fact that Iran fought with Iraq for almost a decade but that does not make it a global threat! And by the way, we all know that both these neighboring countries were pitched against each other to neutralize each other and create a conflict zone in the Middle East to suit global arms dealers’ desires. Both Iran and Iraq got used and abused by the West, including the US. The intention was only one: to gain forever access to their huge Oil reserves in order to satiate their ever growing energy demands. Saudi Arabia, the world knew, was never going to be easy to target, anyway, and that is the reason it has never been eyed so far in spite of being the largest Oil producer.
When I met him, he had just got his first review for his show - a 4-star review – but, the previous day, he told me his show had not been successful -
From the moment we leave high school and college, we inherently and immediately become a walking marketing resource for the school of which we attended. By being able to provide a wealth of knowledge to prospective students and speak on behalf of our beloved alma maters, alumni are arguably one of the most influential and highly-respected aspects of the referral and decision-making process when it comes to selecting a school to attend – directly impacting your student recruitment efforts.
The Boy became convinced that The Book had also displayed the magic to his Sister from the beginning. It only made sense. He sought the most logical explanation for everything that happened, and this was the most logical, uncomplicated and least hurtful solution he could think of. And that was fine with The Boy because he didn’t own The Book, and she was happy. It did not matter to him who The Book showed its magic to because it was The Book’s choice. He did not own The Book, and he did not seek ownership. He only wondered why all the lies, and why The Book hid it from him when their friendship was founded on honesty. Regardless, he was upset that The Book lied more than anything else. Everything that The Book said and showed became devalued because of what it said and did on the night of the showing of the secret phrase. And The Boy was upset because of that. The Boy rather The Book had not shown him the secret phrase if it had already shown The Sister, and The Boy told The Book that. The Boy found it hard to sit with The Book and listen to its magic words, knowing that everything that the magic was founded on was a lie.
Government Ministers usually see Swale as an outpost – if they have heard of it at all. One reason is the name Swale which is also a river in Yorkshire. No one locally says they come from Swale. Yet we expect others – who hold the purse strings to valuable resources we want – to work this out.
In the Wassalou region of Southern Mali is situated the small farming village of Korin. For many generations the people of this land locked region of West Africa have raised cattle and worked the soil. The constant cycles of drought have made their lives susceptible to famine, and food is never far from their thoughts. Issa Bagayogo was born in 1961 to a father that had four wives, and eventually was surrounded by fourteen brothers and sisters. All of the children at a young age were expected to work in the fields; it was the only way to stay alive. As a teenager Issa started to learn how to play the kamele n’goni, a traditional Malian six stringed instrument similar to a guitar. He was slowly getting a local reputation as a singer and performer when at the age of thirty Issa felt he had finally paid his family dues of working the land and headed for Mali’s capital city Bamako. He needed more out of life than the endless plowing of fields; it was time to try surviving as a musician.
Bayern will face Borussia Dortmund while Chelsea will date Liverpool a week before their 19th May 2012 date. For neutrals, it will be a final of the underdogs, and probably the best thing to happen as the usual suspects will also the watching the finals like the rest of us, on TV.
I am pinching myself. This year has flown by.
Although I love clothes, I hate shopping, and I don't do it very often. More accurately, I hate going shopping, so my favorite places to shop are online: I love the ease of shopping online, and the fact that I can drink a glass of wine while I'm shopping!
Now for my other wheeled love, cars. Guess which cars are stupid expensive here and you should buy them in other states and sell them here? Subaru WRXs! Good grief! They're not made of gold people! Have not seen one on Craigslist for under $7900 and that includes the 2002 launch year models. Other Subarus are being given away.
He didnt cry immediately so they cut the cord and took him over to the dining table where the towels were laid out and roughed him up a little. He started crying and they weighed him.
When he arrived at the police station, he was informed that he was being arrested on suspicion of causing ‘mischief by fire’ in connection with an incident that occurred at a logging camp owned by timber companies – Quality Concrete Sdn Bhd and Loyal Billion Sdn Bhd.
orchids are some of my favorites, but i also love palms for height, ferns for fullness and succulents for sustainability...especially for plant killers like me.
Digital Short: Gotye Backstage
We bet on American workers. We bet on American ingenuity. And tonight, the American auto industry is back.
Out of that simple thoughtfulness, the rabbits and I have had so much enjoyment. They've had several treats and they get excited when they see me coming with the bag. Genny runs impatient circles around her cage when I come to her door.
And of course Rock Britain couldn’t keep from asking David to share his personal most vivid music memory: “What a difficult question. Probably the sureal experience of chatting with Eric Clapton about cricket and moving house when both of us were invited to a British music function at Buckingham Palace. The Queen was standing a few feet being introduced to Jimmy Page and Roger Daltrey”!
After work on Friday, I was able to get a ride over to Vassar Farm. I was barely out of the car when a first of season barn swallow landed on a power line in the parking lot! I was able to get a couple of shots before the wind blew him off the line and he flew away.
And I know what I need
'Run' I say - shout even - to the Glam Ass who is idly pulling up weeds in the orchard. 'Run - get the camera. Quick, quick, quick!' (Some speed is needed because I know from experience how quickly the sky will change - so I'm not just being bossy.)
Anyway in my imagination i had some cocktails with Gina Lollobrigida and we had a funny talk about guys and Sophia Loren and in the end Gina even let me try on some of her dresses, well i made sure she had enough cocktails before haha
Even before privatization cranked into full gear here, it was tough finding motivated teachers - low pay didn't really compensate for the long hours, the many out-of-pocket expenses, and the largely inadequate facilities many teachers had in the New Orleans public schools pre-8-29-2005. The testing manias, the rage for TFA-ers over certified, diploma'd teachers, and the low pay plus little-to-no benefits make the atmosphere for motivated teachers even more stifling in the traditional public schools and the charters. A move towards Mavericks-style setups here in Louisiana would only work if the old GIGO was taken into account - that is, "garbage in-garbage out." From both the student end AND the teacher's end of the virtual classroom, if you throw garbage at each other, all that will come from it is a virtual landfill. The one-on-one via PC is not close to perfect unless embraced fully by both student and teacher...and I don't think we're even close to that situation in many of the traditional teacher-student relationships, much less the virtual ones.
Special thanks to Hanni Rützler www.futurefoodstudio.at
I use the tripod handle to pivot up and down; it turns side-to-side easily. Ease of rapid movement with stability is critical, as the insect subjects move rapidly over each inflorescence, and from bloom to bloom. Still, the tripod only steadies my own shaky hands. The insects, of course, are moving, but so are the plants, which sway with the slightest breezes. A fast auto-focus helps; a quick hand is still needed when automation fails.
· Willie Nelson
Yet another group that has survived replacing two of its members, and are dare I say stronger as a result? I had never really been a U-KISS fan, but Soohyun’s voice in their Japanese single Tick Tack got my attention. Add Neverland to that and I’m really becoming much more of a fan of theirs. I will continue to youtube stalk them…
Never forget our soldiers. Those who are deployed and those who are stateside.
It is meant to foster a community spirit between EU countries, which it probably achieves in a clumsy way, kinda. However, it is generally regarded as a bit of a joke, as the participants are often not hugely talented and the quality of the songs is often poor. About the only time that the winners of the competition went on to fame and fortune was back in 1974 when ABBA won. Hence the fact that most people in Europe on reading this story will have to suppress an initial snigger and mutter, “Aw, c’mon, they’re not that bad!”.
Tom admits to being a cork tester (I'll test your cork till the cork tester comes) years ago and he and Denis talk about the handling of cork in Portugal, how slack it can be, spraying chlorine to protect against rot, then laying the stripped cork bark onto chlorine damp ground. It is fascinating, E@L almost sways, concentrating a bit hard. Denis says the human nose can detect 3 parts per billion of something. Something that indicates a corked wine. They says TCA - trichloroanisole a lot. Tom says 2 parts, meaning the olfactory buds in his ruddy slightly pickled nose are better than anyone else. E@L starts to worry about Tom.
You can reach me through Killer Yapp.
Host pastor of First Baptist Church Orlando, Fla., David Uth, made his call to action was a call to care for each other. Scores of tough, strong men came forward to write their specific needs on note cards. Then in like numbers men came forward to meet those very needs. We didn’t say, “Be warm, be filled.” We said, “If you have a need, come forward. If you can help, come forward.”
Length: 5 CDs (Approximately 5 hours 10 minutes)
The following are some benefits of tea freshly brewed from fresh peppermint and spearmint leaves with honey.
One person was killed and five were wounded on Thursday in fresh clashes between pro- and anti-Syrian regime districts in the north Lebanon port city of Tripoli, a security official said.
I’m going back to work on Thursday. I’m pretty anxious in a good and bad way. Everyone keeps telling me I’ll eventually get over being away from K during the day but see, that’s not my problem. My problem is that Killian can go to work with me until he’s a bit older. When I say this, I’m usually given odd glances so let me clarify. I love my job. I love my career. I just plain love being a designer. I especially love my company and I love that they make me feel appreciated. But I also love my other job. I love being a mom. I love spending all day with Killian. To be honest, I love being a mom much more than I love being a designer. I’m anxious because I’m worried that I’ll just want to spend all of my time tending to Killian’s needs when I’m on the clock and clients are counting on their work getting done. I honestly think it will be better having K in day care so that I can concentrate on my work instead of just wanting to play with him. Even at home, when someone else wants to hold him I can’t help but stare at him and wish that I was holding him, even if that means I’m now free to eat/sleep/go to the bathroom/shower/pluck brows/clip nails (you know, all the things I have a hard time doing when I’m holding my wiggle worm). Luckily though, my boss is a mom as well and she’s open to helping me ease back into the work life. Even if that means starting out part-time. Eventually, I’d love to work from home and just hang out with my kiddos. But for now, I just need to learn how to juggle a little better.
A while back I decided to clean out my craft closet in my work room, mostly because it was bulging at it's hinges, and I promised myself I would get control of this! I tend to hang on to just about anything that seems useful or could be made into something. I have saved some goofy stuff over the years, all in the name of future craft projects.
E. Stereyeland
She has three sister’s. One passed away last year. The other one lives in Arkansas. The other two, live in northern Wisconsin. But one of them has Alzheimer’s and doesn’t recognize anyone.And her youngest sister, lives with her husband. And even she sold her house, to move into smaller accommodations.
A couple of weeks ago, I went out of town for a week.
We must walk for true Democracy, we must walk to correct a recalcitrant government. We must walk for CHANGE.
I absolutely love love loved that “something blue” was incorporated into the show. As one Pinterest commenter mentioned, a handful of the looks were very “Spanish Royalty”, which Oscar being Oscar, is oh so fitting.
I have a tablet p.c. for reading, surfing and watching videos, I use it when my back hurts and I can’t sit at my P.C. anymore and the bonus “I can take photos of my cats and dogs with it.”
I’d stopped going to the bereavement group for a while, then returned to help support a friend through the worst of her grief, but it’s come full circle and I need the group for me again. I was okay for the first two months after the anniversary of my life mate’s death, but the truth — that he is irrevocably gone — has seeped into the depths of my being, and I am feeling heartbroken. I need to be with those who understand this upsurge in grief. Who don’t mind my tears. Who know that the calendar means nothing when it comes to grief. Who realize that yes, the newly bereft need support, but so do those who are further along.
I'm pretty sure mine is even worse than the person who ran a marathon barefoot and got blood blisters. Actually, maybe they should win. Their entry certainly makes me feel better about what I did to earn mine, as I don't think rollerblading 20 miles is as bad an idea as running a marathon completely barefoot. I could see doing a barefoot one on trails but on road? OUCH!
The Old Eagle Tavern is doing an event with Massachusetts's Clown Shoes Brewery on March 29th that you need to get to work on right now. Clown Shoes is known for their Tramp Stamp "Belgian" IPA, and Old Eagle is having a 'tramp stamp competition.' Design your own tramp stamp tattoo (or ass antlers, if you prefer, and let me tell you, this post is taking me places I never thought the blog would go...) design and get them in by March 25th: email digitals to info@oldeagletavern.com , or drop them off at the Tavern (on 8.5X11 (or smaller) paper, not folded, and "must be camera ready"). Remember to include your name, email, and phone. Phone number, that is; no bribing with electronics. The "stamps" should incorporate beer, or Clown Shoes, or the Old Eagle, or something like that, eh?
These are not paint by numbers, or fuzzy posters, simply high-quality line art posters by assorted artists. Each print is on paper that is intended for use with Copic markers.
1 carrot, julienned
leaving behind blue viens, so mechanical,
So recently I was at my favorite local Hospice thrift store and spied this little vase .........
Bath Tub – Fisher-Price Whale of a tub My daughter loves bathing in it. It fits well next to the kitchen sink and makes the bathing process very easy. The partition in the center is comfortable in holding the baby in place.
“I’m sure it’s just a big mistake,” O’Sullivan said of the DMV arrest, “and he’ll be absolved of any wrongdoing.”
The declaration calls on the EU to assist African governments to set up migration information centres “to better manage labour mobility bet­ween Africa and the EU”.
I am coming up with a way to work with him at home on the facts and letting him earn something he really wants as a reward - he chose a new motocross helmet.
(1) Irritable bowel syndrome: assessment of psychological disturbance and its influence on the response to fibre supplementation. Fowlie S; Eastwood MA; Prescott R Gastrointestinal Unit, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh, U.K. J Psychosom Res (ENGLAND) Feb 1992, 36 (2) p175-80
The soviets were also rapidly losing the war in Afghanistan. While I certain applaud the war in Afghanistan as the backdrop for the movie--they were not many Hollywood productions calling attention to the conflict--it did come too little, too late. These days, one’s perspective is altered as well wondering how many of the Afghan rebels who fought alongside became northern Alliance allies to the united states and which became sympathetic to the Taliban.
Pattern: Little House Needleworks "Baked Goods"
The commission will have the power to intervene in any proceedings involving alleged violations of human rights, to visit jails nationwide and to appoint special investigation teams of officers from police and other law enforcement agencies.
Add water, salt and pepper according to the consistency you want, and leave for a further 10 minutes. After this, add some parmesan if you have some, and season to taste.
- 1/2 cup soy milk
He nodded and handed each of the boys two ice cream cones. He held one out to me. “Don’t spoil your dinner, but eat this before it melts. Okay?”
I recommend hopping over to Humbug Hall for a look at the lovely creations by Ann, Max and Brenda. They have been having crazy weather while here in the South (that is the US South) we have had the most incredibly beautiful weather. It is making it tough to stay indoors and work or craft. We only have about two weeks every year when you can have the windows open and enjoy the great outdoors (in between it being so hot and humid that you practically drink the air and so chilly and rainy that you want to bundle next to the heater). So, the Wonderkid and I have been having a nice time out of doors. Hopefully you are having more of my weather than the Baltic wing of Humbug Hall.
Joanna Fontaine-Crawford
I used the just released Girl Talk à la Mode. I colored her with Copics. I used the Die-namics Botanical Beauty die for the corrugated cardboard flower. The Die-namics First Place Award Ribbon die was used for the sentiment. Some machine stitching and adhesive pearls finish the card. The patterned paper is MME Miss Caroline Dolled Up (6x6).
outside every construction site
The highest ranking female officer in the #IDF is a Major General. #IDF #InternationalWomensDay The Middle East and the West Have the Same Problem: Liberty vs. Those Claiming a Monopoly on Truth Update: ~200 rioters hurled rocks at security forces in a violent, illegal riot near Qalandiya earlier today RT @AvitalLeibovich: The highest ranking female officer in the #IDF is a Major General. #IDF #InternationalWomensDay @deebo_ @Yisrael4Ever Sadly, Israeli civilians are forced to endure rocket attacks even on #Purim–this is the reality in #Israel. Whoop ‘em Ron How important is Jerusalem to Muslims?
Unlike the more juvenile oriented films that came before, Ultraman: The Next takes a grittier, more realistic look at Ultraman, bringing him out of the world of fantasy and into our own world.
“The new evangelization is a frame of mind, a courageous manner of acting and Christianity’s capacity to know how to read and interpret the new situations in human history which, in recent decades, have become the places to proclaim and witness to the Gospel….These sectors concern society, cultures, economics, civic life, and religion….
Nicky, thanks very much for having me on your brilliant blog. Yes, I have talked about the inspiration for Tall Story in several places already but today, I suddenly remembered something that I haven’t ever mentioned before.
Sir Mark Walport
So, forgive me for not blogging sooner. I got hit with a cold on our return and have been struggling to get "back to reality" while recovering from a cold and missing our ocean view. Last night I did finally get up and make dinner. Italian Chicken Subs. I thought it was pretty impressive given the level of "cold-weary" I felt. Tonight Spaghetti is on the menu and I am thankful for an easy to cook but comfort food sort of meal. I am feeling so much better but not 100% yet so it should be a nice evening. I would love to get out and run this cold out of me, but I'm just not sure that my legs would cooperate!!
In any event, the party made one of the best and brightest memories in my writing career so far. Getting to meet Mary Higgins Clark and my fellow nominees didn’t hurt. Getting to go to dinner with my fabulous agent David Hale Smith and editor extraordinaire Matt Martz didn’t hurt either. They have my heartfelt thanks for creating an evening that a very new writer will treasure forever. My next stop is the Malice Domestic mystery writers conference held in Bethesda. I’m looking forward to another few days of intrigue and suspense. Wonder if there will be wine and hors d’oeuvres…
Falling farther from the source
...Literate people should boycott books.
but I'm with Gaijin husband who thinks japanese eat sushi for every occasion in Japan LOL
President-elect: Rachel Powell
Simplicity & Minimalism
Romi
National Tainan Living Art Center
Counting down...
* 1 package jalapeno cheddar tortillas (I used jalapeno cilantro flavor)
“We’ll never quite get to the level Canada has…”
Many events have occurred which have created uncertainty and risk
A gate overgrown with greenery is the first clue that diners are about to enter a secret garden. Justin explained that he wanted to create a deliberate escape for harassed and harangued city workers.
House Speaker John Boehner was scheduled to deliver the Republican response after Obama speaks.
Make Your iPhone Look More Charming
The final piece of this was the actual insertion of the micro-sphere beads. I ended up having to lay flat on a bed for 6 hours to seal off my artery in my right leg. I was told that the pain over the next 2 weeks go from very little to pretty bad to less than I had before the process started.
Seth, who has been challenged by cancer not once, but twice in his lifetime, has a very distinctive view of the importance of each and every connection in each of our lives and what each connection may be showing us about ourselves…our purpose…and how we are walking our path!
Would soon be destroyed
the children started 2 weeks of school holidays on Friday,
Please feel free to leave more praises (including specific praises) in the comments. He is good and we should remember that daily.
4/ An economy in meltdown and everyone in fear.
The other night, while watching a favourite TV programme, a new (well, to my eyes anyway) level of advertiser’s intrusiveness was laid in front of us; the consumers curled up on the comfy sofa.
Kate Beckinsale is a hazel-eyed brunette whose brows are not terribly dark, and tend to grow down and unevenly. Her makeup artist spent plenty of time perfecting her skin, creating a shimmery eye makeup look, applying false lashes (unless those are extensions), but dropped the ball on the brows. Kate’s left brow starts much closer to the bridge of her nose than the right, the individual brows hairs around the arch of the left brow are much longer, and instead of filling the brows in evenly and brushing them upward, then fixing them in place, she left them to their own devices. Consequently, Kate’s brows are literally hanging down and exposing where the pencil or powder was applied at the top of the arch. Had her makeup artist used BrowPro in Medium Dark, just one product would have colored, defined, shaped, and held the eyebrows in place all evening.
(Cask ale only; not exported to the USA)
Discovered Authors is the publishing wing of parent company BookForce and it comes with five different imprints, as well as the ambiguous sixth tag ‘Associated Publishers’, of which many links to books are broken or lead to just one other publisher called ‘Literally Publishing Ltd’ based in Oxfordshire, England. One previous imprint operated by Discovered Authors was Undiscovered Authors which functioned as a national competition aimed at seeking out new literary talent on any subject. The reason why Undiscovered Authors ceased was because it was funded by Dialog Group, an Austrian based company which went bankrupt in 2007, and also provided Discovered Authors with its accounting systems.
Him: You still want to leave at two?
Weddings with dancing
Spread mixture about 1/4-inch thick onto dehydrator trays with nonstick sheets.
Since the LEE is the last thing your eye stops at when you walk into our apartment, I knew the inspiration item needed to be some killer pillows. I searched high and low for just the right pattern. I wanted something colorful, floral and modern. I thought a lot about this Designer's Guild pattern, called Rugosa, but the scale is really better suited for drapery.
09 Annabelle 5:22
As I saw her, asked questions to see what the reasons were another woman (which could easily be me) sat distracted by her hectic schedule, upset so much over a messed up laminated sign, that she was too distracted to take note of this little girl that is in her sons own class. That fell on me like a ton of bricks that I have been that distracted person in times of want or prosperity that is too busy to notice or too blind to see.
Oh this last year has been amazing! Bring on another year (maybe just slower this time) full of giggles, chubby cheeks and little stumpy legs!!
Preheat oven to 375°F. Grease 9 x 13-inch baking pan or cookie sheet
A good school story makes you feel as though you're in the classroom with the characters. Many are set in boarding schools - an enclosed society, perfect for authors, although I did find myself wondering why there was no series that I could think of set in a modern comprehensive. Here's my top five, in reverse order.
Laurie xx
I took a ton of photos and videos during their stay but this short video is one of my faves.
Web clicks and website traffic used to announce that you had a lot of customers and people involved with your company and its products. These were valued as much as a Facebook user’s thousands of friends and ‘likes’ are now. However, it has since been determined that none of these are an indication of consumer loyalty. Debra Aho Williamson notes that “Likes are not a gauge of consumer involvement with your company or brand. But companies still insist on touting their total just like they touted ‘hits’ back in the early days of the web” http://bit.ly/ilKSqU . Votes of interest like these are merely starting points for consumer interaction and engagement. In other words, social engagement is not that simple. It takes a lot of work, a lot of listening and a lot of conversation and conversion to build loyalty. A few weeks ago I touched extensively on this in my Engagement Matters Most post. This trend is already branching out to mimic this social engagement through other platforms. The CW is working on closing the gap from commercial viewing to point of purchase by rewarding viewers for watching commercials http://bit.ly/lAli0H. Capitalizing on research that shows viewers always have their cell phone nearby when watching TV, they are utilizing cell phones to offer rewards. It works like this. Viewers download the shopping app Shopkick and let the app listen to CW commercials, much like using the Shazam app to listen to music in order to identify its title and artist. When a Shopkick-enabled commercial airs the viewer receives an “unobtrusive on-screen alert” prompting them to open the app to receive discounts for use inside the advertiser’s stores. By measuring how many people use the coupons they gain insight into how many people purchase their products as a result of watching their commercials.
You may find that you are in a relationship that you like and you live in fear of discovery---or you decide that you should tell the truth.
I picked out some cute purple frames. With rhinestones.
1. Have 100 sales on my Etsy shop
Without missing a beat he said, “I guess some goats are more traditional than others.”
There were three separate studio recording sessions; the last one produced the three songs that make up this Ep. 1,000 copies were pressed, as well as a number of buttons/pins picturing the Nads logo; some of which were thrown into the crowd at shows. They played all the requisite places, Lupo’s Heartbreak Hotel, The Living Room in Providence, The Rat in Boston, CBGB’s and Hurrah’s in NYC. The RI press was especially supportive and featured the band several times in the area papers. They gigged regularly with bands like the Neighborhoods, Robin Lane and The Chartbusters, The Schemers and Human Sexual Response; as well as opening for bands such as: Mink DeVille, U2, and Squeeze. Glen Tilbrook of Squeeze became a friend, and had agreed to produce their follow up record, but the band broke up before it happened.
Do these numbers have any connection with Adoption?
The first two images are my creations using a combination of my photography and digital files from my shop. The sky is the limit...only your imagination limits what you can do with these you print digital files. They are all copyright free and can be altered and cropped to suit your project.
Old Lady: “Mario, do you remember where you parked the car? We don’t want to lose the car. Remember what happened last time!”
Neethling had his own individual style of managing the place. There was one way, and that was Neethling’s way. It was, after all, his building. Even the pigeons were not allowed to shit on his building! I remember that little incident very well, because two Generals, Lothar Neethling and Piet Kruger, paid me an unexpected visit in my office one day, at the exact same moment I was busy feeding the pigeons who regularly sat on my window-sill.
“Careful, Fletch,” Jack said, and his low voice slithered across Fletch’s nerves like an icy-hot finger. “Thoughts like that can get a man strung up and left for the rats. I hear it’s an unpleasant way to die.”
This Charles Platt piece about Philip K Dick's posthumously published notes reminded me of this fantastic, fascinating Philip K Dick speech which I've probably linked to before, perhaps several times, but that's ok, because I like to reread it every now and then. It is a look at genius touched by madness.
I tried, unsuccessfully, to take a picture that shows the purple fringe around my green arm. Allie wondered why I was taking a picture of anything other than her.
4. When you get in a rut, break it right away. Okay, so yeah, it was hysterical seeing the crazed big man stuck in the passenger window of his car, fighting to keep the tow truck driver from pulling away. But, yo. As I procrastinated into the third episode of Miami Towing? Take a hint. Break the trance. Go for a run. Go to that movie with the boys. Do anything — but don’t let the procrastination take over.
Things go wrong when I don't intend
He grimaced, tossed his tie over his shoulder, and said to me, "they grade us for looking professional. But this keeps happening to my ties!"
Who is “My servant”?
-chose to spend a summer living out of my car, working fast food, floating on different friends couches.
The width of this blog is 470 pixels. The width of images in my Etsy shop are 570 pixels. That means, I have to adjust them so they are 100 or more pixels smaller when I place them in the context of one of my posts. I do this by adding width=”470″ after the image location URL, as shown in the example below. The picture will stay proportional in size when only given a specified width or height measurement, so there is no need for me to figure out what the other measurement would need to be. This comes in handy when I am working with images of different widths, but want them all to be the same height, or vice-versa.
Aurora is considered by many to be a step back, and I can understand why that would be. But there are things to be taken into account. Briar Rose was raised in the woods. The only people with whom she had ever interacted were three fairies who were not what anyone would call intelligent. She was put under a curse that was supposed to kill her. So, yes, she was saved by a man. But not some random prince who stumbled upon the palace, as the Grimm story says, but a man with whom Aurora had flirted (were either of the previous princesses so forward in their flirtations? Not that I noticed) and with whom she had decided to pursue a relationship. Prince Phillip is the first prince to have a name (and even a personality!) Philip is witty, headstrong, and brave. He has a quick temper, but is also quick to laugh. Aurora falls in love with Philip, the man she met in the forest, not with a prince who will save her from her life of servitude.
I am not usually a stooopid person, but it has taken me several day to work out why I have not been able to log into my blog.. one little tick on one little box, made all the difference. Shame it took so long to wade through all the Google app info to find it.
Yeah, that’s right. It’s the same exact word.
We now understand that our pineal glands actually may calcify over time. This strongly inhibits our ability. To my knowledge, this was first thought of as an inevitable part of aging. However, there’s loads of evidence that shows diet plays a huge role in calcifying and even de-calcifying our pineal glands. A child is born into the world without already having eaten years and years of processed foods. This is another big part of what gives them the one up on us grown-ups in the psychic department. Their communication equipment is cleaner. Aluminum is a big pineal gland destroyer. And aluminum can be found in most drinking water, vaccinations, cook-ware, deodorant, food containers and many processed foods and spices including tortillas, breads, chips, and baking powder. There have been studies linking aluminum cookware to Alzheimer’s, and for good reason. Even my son Dougie, the amazing psychic, has been tested to prove overload of aluminum in his system. This was years ago, while he was still going through major healing from autism related illness.
The romantic plot was a bit forced for me. I mean, I didn't even have the time to adjust to the idea that Brit and Tori were lightly flirting and BOOM! they move into a whole other territory of making out. Honestly, I just had the sense that everything progressed way too quickly between them. I felt like I was a bit forced to see the attraction between them and I just couldn't see any of it.
Furthermore, should you ever have a chance to visit the library, do so! Here are some photos I snapped when SOTS met at Cambridge in 2009 and we were treated to a private lecture at the Unit as well as a tour of many of the manuscripts which had been laid out for us:
Thank you all for taking the time to look at these photos
Who was William Sheakpere
Hair of the Dog Doggie Claws, 2008. I had only a mouthful of this--enough to confirm it remains in perfect, tasty form.
Twiddleybitz Early bird special – PREBOOK and Pay for your class and you will receive a FREE Twiddleybitz goodness package VALUE @$15
I loved reconnecting with slicers
Jake had been the envy of her friends at College . The athletic good catch, academically gifted - a genuine all-rounder with a head on his shoulders and already a gift for picking stocks. He was in his final year of economics, she the cute librarian who never quite made it to University. She wasn’t aware of his penchant for the pencil skirt and reading glasses when he first winked at her. Simone was attractive. Her blonde, hair swirled loosely and pinned with a tortoiseshell clasp, neatly dressed with a tantalising glimpse of cleavage as she scanned his reference books; a glimpse Jake Russell
There you go then. With under resourced and overworked armed forces our government is reserving the right to invade anywhere that they see fit to, “get the building blocks of security in place in all fragile countries”.
The Max Levine Ensemble started in 2000, when we were in high school.
The “Les Mis” defense is tricky as a literary device, let alone a legal defense, since you have to turn a criminal into a hero. As Victor Hugo proved, to get there you have to really stack the deck.
Okay, and not to jinx you...but, I just made a deal with my daughter to swap the cat for the dog and as I jumped outta bed with growling cat by the back of his neck (as any loving mum would) I got tangled up in my laptop's power cord and crashed to the ground for the second time in one week. Whatever you do...don't laugh...karma is like a bad chain letter with real consequences!! I swear I fractured my foot last week....but refuse to wear the "boot" that I already have from breaking my foot a few years back....tho the concept of going to the doctor and proving the breakage in order to get some vicodine is a plus....I just keep drinking milk (in the morning and vodka at night...just doing my part to keep the peace with Russia)...
Kathryn Rose (Lab) 1507
The television news is full of doom and gloom and it is true that around the world there are many people suffering war, famine or other natural or man-made disasters. Whilst I do not suggest you should not care and do nothing, remember that there are many beautiful positive things happening too. Don’t wrap yourself up with all the negative aspects around the world. Learn to look for beauty too for, in building self esteem, we must learn how to be positive in a negative world.
8. Hard work and sweat are not to be feared or minimized. They feel DARN good!
Laughter is the one common thread that holds us together. It is there for us even when life is falling apart at the seems. Laughter ties closer the bonds of friends and family. It is the cement of good memories, and is the medicine that cures whatever ills you.
The Tallis Scholars run their own workshops in Oakham, England (where I learned about Jan Coxwell’s Desert Island Disc love for "Puppet on a String"), Seattle, Washington, and Sydney, Australia., which is where I was this week last year.
TB: What, reality TV?
Surveillance.
7.) “Time Travellin”
These cards appeared in the mid-nineteenth century and were generally cheap and poorly printed, although the mechanical example above, posted on Valentine's Day 1859, is a little more elaborate. Its verse is typical:
I’ve tried a few of diets over the years and found a lot of advice comes from thin people. I’m not talking about the formerly plump, but those who have been slender all their lives.
1. Pour the dried peas in a medium pot and cover with about two times as much water. Place over a medium flame, bring to a boil, then allow to simmer 30-40 minutes, stirring often to avoid burning.
I used another piece of the same floral paper and a piece with a coordinating damask print for base panel of the card . Used foam dots to adhere the glittered flowers to the card.
maximum class size is 12 people - so take the day off work and register soon...all skill levels welcome, and newbies too!
It's a traditional Sunday roast tonight at the firefoodie household so I visited my favourite farm shop on the way home from Luca's rugby match. Foxbury Farm, near Burford in Oxfordshire, one of the best local farm shops around here. We had already decided on pork so I chose a portion of boned shoulder and had the butcher score the skin nicely so we would have loads of delicious crackling. The fresh produce section had some lovely locally grown brussels sprouts, our first dose of brussels for the year. It was here that I also found some great local streaky bacon.
Check back to see if I can raise to the challenge and become more Christ-like.
After the Julie Q&A was the Buffy photo ops portion of my day – I went for a Julie photo first, then waited around with the Toronto Buffy Fan club crew until we got our big group pictures with all five buffyfest stars. There were enough of us that the fans had to be split up into two groups, so I was in the ‘costumes’ group because I’d dressed up in my Simon Tam outfit.
So that leaves us with Warrior Dad or poorly monitored foster home of Tatarus. Hmmm I wonder which would be better for this sweet little girl. No doubt it will take countless more days for anything to be done and it is heartbreaking. While each day passes Ayn is slowly being lost. She is being medicated against her father’s wishes, is not allowed to see him and no one is listening.
On the non-library side, I received a copy of Paris My Sweet: A Year in the City of Light (and Dark Chocolate) by Amy Thomas a couple of days ago. Sourcebooks offered to send this one, and after reading the sample chapters, I was hooked! I accepted another foodie, travel memoir from them last year: Tout Sweet by Karen Wheeler. I loved that one, so I have really high hopes. This looks like just the thing for a fun, bookish getaway. Also, I'll be singing the praises for Sourcebooks in the near future. In my experience, they are a model for how publishers should interact with freelance book reviewers and bloggers. Hurrah!
What does this mythical parking app do you ask?
Denise J. #48! Denise sweet and shabby baby card just stole my heart this week! The soft pink, vanilla and kraft color palette along with the buttons, baby onesie and all the love put into this handmade from the heart card was breathtaking ... well done, Denise! Thanks so much for sharing your talents with us all in the Tea Room this week :)
The elder Cherokee, with eyes that have seen too much, lifted his grandson’s face so his eyes looked into the boy’s face. Grandfather said, “Let me tell you a story. I too, at times, have felt a great hate for those who have taken so much with no sorrow for what they do. But hate wears you down and does not hurt your enemy. It is like taking poison and wishing your enemy would die. I have struggled with these feeling many times. It is as if two wolves are inside me…. It is a terrible fight.
Yeah, sometimes I feel kind of gross for letting these hands of mine touch such germy areas. However, I figure as long as there is soap and water, I can wash my hands and keep moving.
I think setting it on Hayling Island is inspired as it seems to serve as a microcosm of a country's prejudices and tolerances but it also gives it a sense of claustrophobia - this is a place where everyone knows everyone else. But, as Alix discovers, we may not always know people as well as we think and we can all be guilty of making judgements and jumping to conclusions about others. This is a story of struggle and of hope, of prejudice and of tolerance,and of understanding that working out what's right or wrong isn't always black and white.
Did I tell you? Brian will be home tomorrow. Brian will be home tomorrow!
In 2004, with the Queen & Country comic book still in progress (it eventually wound up in 2007), Rucka moved the series into novels with A Gentleman's Game. The novels have proved to be at least as good as the comics (the occasional awkward idiom aside), but it's an element of the plot of A Gentleman's Game that might be the reason it and its sequel(s) have never been published in the UK. The book begins with a terrorist attack on London's Underground train network, as three Islamists wearing backpacks set fire to trains near Marble Arch, Piccadilly Circus and King's Cross stations, causing nearly 400 deaths. It proved eerily prescient: just eight months after the US publication of the novel, the Tube was attacked for real, as four Islamists set off bombs near a number of stations, including King's Cross. Fifty-two people were killed.
What the image on the front of Time magazine is not is a normal depiction of breastfeeding. When a child breastfeeds, especially a child aged 3 or 4 or 5, they are usually going into or coming out of sleep. Which means that rather standing at full height on a chair they are lying down, either on a bed beside their mother or in their (seated) mother's arms.
Tomatoes, bell peppers, and eggplant really look great. Should be picking some bell peppers in the next week or so.
What we did not know, was the ashes were not totally cold. The embers ignited in the paper sack and the whole kitchen and living room filled with smoke. There were Chinese people screaming everywhere and all we wanted to do was get our money and get the hell out of there.
Voila, the top 10 tips that came to my mind for the budget-conscious tourist visiting Paris. Hope it’ll come in useful for some.
My kid has worked his butt off for a solid year, we didn't kick up a stink when they wanted us to use their programme, we didn't make a fuss when they failed to give us the programme until January, he has gone from scraping by in Italian last year to successfully completing a prima media entry test this morning (Son of Thor is end of year 4, prima media test is beginning of year 6). Does he get a well earned rest like the other kids at school ? Does he get to immerse himself all day, everyday with other kids now they are free to play "full time" campo estivo in a carefree mode without having to face schooling before and after ?
I don’t feel like I should have to defend Andrew Kliman, who wrote a polemic against David Graeber and “Graeberism”. I have two critiques of it, but they are minor: 1) I do think Dr. Kliman should actually be tougher on the Occupiers if one thinks that Graeber’s philosophy has led to serious problems, and 2) I would want more critique of Graeber’s overall output, instead of the focusing on two interviews.
For me that’s how the barrier of “I’m just not enough” = “I’m not lovable” got put in place. And it truly was a barrier not just for me, but for those around me. I can’t tell you how many times my husband had told me he felt no matter what he did it was never enough. Well, let’s see, how could it be enough when I was not able to receive the love he was offering to me because I believed at my core I was not lovable. Without even knowing it, what I believed about myself was sending him the message thank you sweetie, I know I asked for your love but I’ve gotta bounce it back your way because I don’t deserve it. Talk about confusing signals for the poor man. On the one hand I’m telling him love me, love me, love me, and at the same time I can’t receive his love because I believe I’m unlovable, not enough. I literally apologized to him after this revelation for how my woundedness had hurt him over the years.
A look of puzzlement flickered across his face.
But not before I spend one very last weekend there getting it ready for the new occupants.
Loneliness. It swallows you up.
Scientists worldwide have been studying the traditional Mediterranean lifestyle to understand why their life expectancy was so high and people aged so well.
It is easy to assume that the custom of removing your shoes is due to practical considerations, so that one doesn’t muck and tear out the carpet that covers the entire isle – but this is not the reason. The reason why you have to remove your shoes is to be found in the books, and it’s a sign of respect and a decree from the Lord. A command found in Exodus 3:5, in which Moses, while he sees the burning bush, is commanded to take off his shoes on holy ground (both quotes from www.biblegateway.com):
This months featured speakers are:
There are a number of references to American Indian culture. Descriptive words from their languages; names of places; tribes; and chieftains. My favorites are Tymochtee, Wakatomika, Tontogany and Tawawa. Don’t ask me what any of them mean, I provide the raw data, you can do your own leg-work.
Anyway, I graduated from high school and began the summer without having ever really talked to Eddie. Before church service started, all the singers would sit in a certain section so that we could walk on stage unobtrusively when it was time. One particular Sunday Eddie and his cool band mates were all sitting in the row behind that section and I plucked up the nerve to talk to one of the band mates. While I was busy trying to weasel my way in, my mother was also busy.
Cinderella.
Fast-moving - We can tell from your results that you are a speedy surfer - one of the characteristics of the Web Ostrich, whose real-world counterpart has an impressive top speed of 45mph.
Hi everyone! I decided to write this (temporary) post about the barrage of emails re: comments that I think some of you have been experiencing recently. I was mostly offline these past days so I wasn’t aware of it until someone called my attention to it after she commented on my post today.
At conception the etheric mould is created for the physical form
As Projection but the caster's entire mind is actually sent out from his body, leaving the body comatose and helpless (the caster cannot sense anything from his original body, including pain or touch). The projection can fly at a rate of 8", Climb 0 and may freely pass through all solid objects. The caster can see and hear everything through his projection. If the caster wishes the projection may "manifest" taking the form of the caster himself and becoming visible (although not tangible). While manifested the caster may speak or use Powers through the projection although they suffer a multi-action penalty since the projection still demands an action every round to maintain. Powers cast through the projection cost double the normal number of power points. The projection is immune to physical harm but since the caster's mind is truly present at that location it may be targeted by purely mental effects or powers. If the caster's body is killed while projecting then they will die (although they might be more likely to leave a ghost behind).
a consolation of home-baked cookies in their hands
My trials are just nothing, held in His gentle hands.
Readers, if I saw this machine at the Chelsea flea market I might buy it for $50, maybe even $60. I had paid -- gulp -- $250.
On the whole, though, this is not a cookbook for cooking, it’s a cookbook for reading, and I don’t mind that. It introduced me to some of the specialties and traditions of the area in which I now find myself living, and gave me a few good laughs, and a few good grimaces at the authors’ corny humor. And I’ll definitely pull it out at Christmas when I need to find some more ways to use some of the good Wisconsin butter!
Source: Downloaded the audio from my local library
Almost every town has a CSA for you to join. Some ask for you to pay for the whole season upfront but others, like mine, allow you to pick and choose which weeks you want. Mine even sends an email out a few days before the box arrives telling you what is in the box so you can decide if you want it that week or not.
When I moved up here I found the majority of Scottish sitcoms, with the exception of Rab C. Nesbitt, hard to watch, they seemed very 'knockabout.' Things like Still Game, the 'Dear Green Place' or 'Gary Tank Commander,' tend to eschew attempts at realism and go for a broader comedy with the laughs coming from one-liners or overtly 'comic' characters or scenes. You don't tend to get the flawed, failed characters that form the backbone of English comedy or the element of bleakness, tragedy and isolation you get in the likes of 'the Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin, ' and 'Steptoe and Son,' or the naturalistic feel of the Royale family. Its not a complaint. It is not a criticism, (apart from Gary: Tank Commander, which is actually appalling) only an observation and a curiosity why this should be the case.
We took Kaden to the beach for a few hours on Saturday. Chad had a golf tournament in the morning, and I worked on the yard while Kaden napped. When Chad came home, and Kaden awoke from his snooze, we jumped in the car and headed for Atlantic Beach. Lauren's mom is always so nice to let us use her beach cottage while we are there. Kaden enjoyed his first "real" trip to the beach. This time he could actually play in the water.
2T molasses
It's clear that this clever and glamorous cohesion of talent and shameless honesty is exactly what will take Dragonette beyond the realms of any hipster hyped about band (even though they have all the right factors that equate to any partygoer’s dream night out) and carry them into the mainstream superstar arena through out 2009.
Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruning hooks into spears; let the weak say, "I am a warrior." ~Joel 3:10
This month I only did one swap and won two giveaways and I loving everything!
I loved my mozzarella bites! They are yummy! They will be great to have in the freezer since I’m home for the summer! I might even have to check out some of their other good-looking products! I think some of them could even be used for an easy meal or a nice little party!
This made the grain of the wood pop through and gave the bunny
Many of you will recognize the thin ten speed bike painted white from top to tires as part of the GhostBike project. Ghostbikes for those who don't know are created by volunteers and in several cities placed near the scene of a cyclist's death, usually with a plaque or sign detailing the accident. I find them appropriately reverent and spooky.
The following day we went for an adventurous drive through the Carnic Alps. They were majestic, I don’t know how else to describe them. I had traveled mountain roads before but nothing ever like this! The road snaked along the side of the mountains in a way that only bettered the view of the surrounding beauty. The snow lightly dusted the trees and there was no end in sight as we made our way deeper and higher into the Alps. I’m not gonna lie though, as beautiful as it was I was scared half to death most of the time. See, L is from Texas and he doesn’t “do” snow or ice for that matter. And he sure as heck didn’t know how to drive on it either. There were a few times I had to coach him through turns and inclines as he was obviously panicking while trying to control the tiny VW Golf he had rented. We began to make our way down the mountain and reached a tiny town called Barcis. A sign stating “two-way bridge” greeted us and I couldn’t believe my eyes…there is no way that bridge was a “two-way”. Maybe they meant there were two ways to die on it and one would be by trying to get across while another car did the same in the opposite direction. Case and point, the picture below.
This is the most recent addition. Mindy Gledhill is a recording artist who I believe was affiliated with Deseret Book for a time. If you have the "Trek: A Nashville Tribute to the Pioneers" she performs two songs on that album. She performs "Emma" from the album "Joseph: A Nashville Tribute to Joseph Smith". She has also sung on the album "Baby Mine" produced by Scott Wiley full of lullabye and bedtime songs for children. Her two solo albums are "The Sum of All Grace" and "Feather In the Wind". I really like Mindy Gledhill, and while I enjoyed her second album, "The Sum of All Grace" happens to be my favorite, and I listen to it often. She blogs about her life, her kids, her music, everything. It's a fairly new blog.
11. Stop fussing when they hurt themselves or are about to hurt themselves. Yes, you do feel it more than some other parents: it’s all to do with your own wiring. The key is not to be overwhelmed by your emotions. Give Boring Cuddles without speaking, and don’t warn a child they are about to hurt themselves (unless death is going to be a possible outcome) -they may not, and learning to deal with pain, in a healthy way, is a good thing.
Janus am I; oldest of potentates;
I hope your week is wonderful, mine will be a mixed bag, joe's Thermomix is arriving with a personal demo, joe is having a small procedure on his toe, more packing at nanas, back to work for me, drinks with friends, Anzac day, oh it's going to be a busy week.
In their tear-stained eyes
No matter what’s on my “list” when I head to Target, I always see something sooooo cute in their clothing department. And let’s face it, how easy is it to just pick up a cute top at Target when we’re there every other week anyway? I live in their tank tops and flip flops in the spring and summer. Because they are fairly inexpensive, I don’t feel that bad if they only last one or two seasons. And almost all of my maternity clothes were from Target.
“Gruff and young Mister Meadowsweet will arrive tomorrow morning to unload the carriage and take the team down to greener pastures,” the merchant announced.
Immediately to the right of that ziploc bag, on the paper towel? The pile of copper headpins I enameled on April 17. They are all cleaned up, and ready for use. They need to be put in their box (and yes, I have a box ready for them) until I'm ready to use them. But, alas, I am a hopelessly lazy piler. No telling how long they will lie there on my bench, in my way. And I wonder what's under that paper towel? I didn't look.
The First Chronicle
While Parker was napping this afternoon, Billy sent me to get a pedicure at my favorite place. He's too sweet!
She had bustled into the room somehow brightening it and bringing it to life merely by walking in. It really was that easy for her. She never believed him but he would have fallen in love with her even if she hadn’t had a breathtaking smile. There was something about her that he found soothing and exciting at the same time. Words failed him when he tried to explain it to her but it was as if he simply breathed easier when she was there.
Hey guys!! Sorry I have been away not this past Friday but the Friday before Jackson was having a temper tantrum and threw a toy phone at our desk which knocked over my coffee and spilled all over our laptop!!! AHHH Someone save me from the terrible two's! Anyhow later that day it wouldn't turn on so a friend of ours knows his ways around computers and finally got it to work, but the keyboard and mouse don't work so we are using a usb keyboard and mouse until we can either find someone to fix it or just eventually buy a new laptop. I am so glad that it works though! I had good intentions to show you our Spring mantle this past Sunday, but we were working out back getting stuff out for the bulk trash pickup. My husband was snapping these big palm tree leaves in half and a peice broke off and went in to his leg, he could barely even walk so we headed to the ER. It actually went into to different spots in his leg one on the side of his knee and the other in the back of his calf, they were able to get the one on the side of the knee out pretty fast but the calf one wasn't so easy. They ended up having to do an ultrasound to see where it was at and then cut open his leg some to get it out! Here's a picture of what came out!
I don't like the Cardinals...but I can't pick the number 55 over a decent player like Renteria. 11-7 Pinnacle wins the match!
With a whisk, stir in the sugar. The mixture might get grainy, but it will even out. Whisk in the eggs one by one, then add the vanilla and whisk enthusiastically to smooth the batter. Finally, gently whisk in the espresso powder, if you're using it, salt and flour, stirring only until incorporated. Scrape the batter into the pan and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle the pecans (if using) on top of the batter and lightly press into the batter, just enough to anchor the nuts.
3) I don't want someone who feels it was a great idea to post gun sight images on her web site(s) over congressional districts, or opposing politicians. Whether this was a factor in the tragedy in Arizona or not. Someone who aspires to be president shouldn't be this stupid and not know that this could possibly incite violence and unwanted actions. It was a childish maneuver period.
6. Special children are only given by God to special parents.
Don’t waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you’re ahead, sometimes you’re behind. The race is long and, in the end, it’s only with yourself.
Awhile back, I was contacted by Julia (blog|twitter), a follower of the blog, and she invited me to a wonderful event at Double Take, a great second hand store in Toronto, the proceeds of which benefit Toronto's Yonge Street Mission. The event involved a fantastic group of up-and-coming Toronto based indie designers, who were each given a $50 gift certificate to Double Take with which to purchase items that they were then to repurpose into new and trendy designs. It was a really interesting premise that encourages us to do a number of good things - purchase and repurpose second hand items in order to support those in need and decrease our carbon footprint, support local businesses and independent designers, and donate items from our wardrobe that we are no longer using. It was a fabulous event that supported a very worthwhile cause, and I was so pleased to have been invited and in attendance. Those of you who are budding Toronto designers should consider entering next year... =D
Plan, asked questions, call people, contact more people, be efficient, and do not settle for mediocre answers, or dead ends. If you need more ask, and people will soon see that what you want is more than just something, it’s your thing. People impress me every day, not always in a good way, but I try and impress people with my passion. What people see in passion is love, and when a one’s passion is displayed so openly to a stranger, in a kind and affectionate matter, people will remember you.
When I brought it home I took it out of the package and examined it. I was surpised at how smooth it was. It almost looked like a slab of organ meat. There was very little grain to it.
Alblackica- night and day she sang on the rivers of destiny
Also, don't forget that we have a challenge going on over at the CMC Copic Challenge group. We want you to color with some pretty spring colors. Be sure it check it out and join in the fun. Anyone can play along.
Tan said the investment for the month-long Wake fest is about 3-million pesos while they’re not setting a target income in return for the investment. Wakeboarder shall be charged P600 for half-day use of the facility and P900 for its whole day use. Around 50 to 60 wakeboarders will be accommodated daily in the facility that uses a German-made cable park system–Sesitec System 2.0, a straight-line two-tower cable system that span up to 200 meters apart.
THEOSOPHIST. Simply abuse of psychic powers, or of any secret of nature; the fact of applying to selfish and sinful ends the powers of Occultism. A hypnotiser, who, taking advantage of his powers of “suggestion,” forces a subject to steal or murder, would be called a black magician by us. The famous “rejuvenating system” of Dr. Brown-Sequard, of Paris, through a loathsome animal injection into human blood — a discovery all the medical papers of Europe are now discussing — if true, is unconscious black magic.
And if you’re really, really, really excited about getting rock bottom priced plane tickets, Yapta will send you real-time alerts to your iPhone.
I keep being told that in the life of a SB child the first year is the hardest. SO I just keep counting down. I would do just about anything for my kids but we are in need of a break. I just want things to level out and be able to breathe. Little did I know it was coming very soon. I just didn't know it would come in the form it did.
I love the contrast here between the dark wood floors and the white of the cabinets. The glass fronted shelving and the windows are fab too. And of course, more pendant lighting.
This post is not about the merits or demerits of ETF products. It is about reporting with a bias.
So expect to see photos of me eating these things in the coming weeks. They’re perfect for carrying around since they’re individually wrapped and super cheap (these are about 1-Euro each with the current exchange rate… YES).
It’s time to put her to bed. She’s asleep from all the wine but this time she didn’t start yelling. It’s always worse when she yells. Overall, it’s been a good night.
With all that being said,India-US relations are going downhill.Our military relations are poor if we were to be honest.The Pentagon and the US military's perverse encouragement of Pakistan in spite of its open perfidy has observers in India saying that the US is back to playing its old strategic games in the region.
Now this brings us to the start of the playoffs. The Knicks not only had to play without star point guard Jeremey Lin, but they were going against one of the leagues best, The Miami Heat. Game 1 looked like a high school jv game for the Heat. Miami’s Lebron James put up 23 points in the first half blowing out the Knicks in a game that ended with the Heat winning by 33 points, and to top that game off their shooting guard, Iman Shumpert, tore his ACL in the 3rd quarter. Then there comes game 2 this past Monday. New York had some catching up to do and Anthony sure knew that because he came out firing scoring a game high 30 points. But that wasn’t even to stop the sizzling Heat lead by Dwayne Wade’s 25 point performance. This game ended 104-94 in favor of Miami.
But then part of receiving this honor is to choose five other blogs that you feel the same way about. That's when I got stuck. I really was quite torn and then it became a much bigger issue in my mind (I think it was bringing back some residual memories from elementary school). I couldn't pick just five. I had a really hard time narrowing it down to the ones I did pick.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Looking back, she was ill-prepared for the storm and its aftermath. She felt that she got off extremely lucky walking away with “just a few scratches” to her body.
I am wondering how hard it would be to with a chop saw, basic pine 1x6's sanded really well, and then using this VERY EASY fab weathering technique from Frugal Farmhouse...
* Rose Lamarche as Cirque Freak
NARS multiple stick in Luxor. I think I own every single multiple this man has ever created, and the latest one, Luxor does not disappoint. It is an iridescent pink that looks amazing as a highlighter, as well as under the eyes if you're fair. It really "perks" up my face and gives me a faux glow--great for those mornings where I don't have a ton of time to get ready, but don't want to scare the public.
"Janine................ What have you done to your HAIR"??????
Unfortunately, I was not very vocal or expressive, when I was young. So, there’s a lot of things that I could’ve & should’ve shared with others, that are now lost in time, because I chose not to preserve them literarily. However, after I became a Muslim, and especially within this past decade, I’ve developed the courage, creativity, want, and will to write.
Well, I must get going on some exchanges and dig out another old WIP so I have something to show for next month's WIPocalypse report--see you all next full moon :)
PAXMAN: pasty pasty pasty pasty Prime Minister pasty closed pasty pasty lying through his pasty pasty
Here is a guide to three main Greek political parties which are likely to win seats in the parliament, compiled by Al Jazeera:
Check my Delicious account for items tagged “quick.”
Ahhh. This is the part harder for me to write. Does Robbie mean anything to me? Well, no. Do I see him in a way similar to Liam? No. Like Keith? Perhaps but in a different way. Let me try to explain.
I had the cold grass jelly, and it was simply amazing! Smooth, with the right amount of texture that had the perfect combination of resistance and yet, when came to the bite, it was just bursting with a delicate flavor.
in the night
Here he is in his favourite Fire Fighter costume:
And I did mention a giveaway??
If you would like to attend the class on Saturday the 25th or Wednesday the 29th February at 10am please email me so I can prepare a kit for you. The class shouldn't take too long so you will still have the afternoon for chores. Cost is $20 and includes all materials and tools.
Aaron Bell: bass (1,4,5 & 7)
Dr Al Hourani is now back practising in Jordan. It is not known if this is the only infidel testicle he removed or whether he now has an attractive arrangement of novelty paperweights on his desk.
Digital
This was my favourite stand at the London Book Fair, where I was Monday to Wednesday. It was from Romania, who were not the official guests, but more of that anon. Cool, isn't it?
Well… the main reason is because Bleaunotes pulls in searches everything from musical groups to the Bluenotes clothing store and a kajillion other pages in between. It appears to be a commonly employed name by many other people or companies.
Debra Lynn Simon d/o Renn & Lora Marie Hebert
1330 Report that a 4 year old child had been found on the Boulevard adjacent to the Tennis Centre. Security attended and spoke to the child. The child was asked where their parents were the child pointed to the DHL Pavilion. Security took the child to the Pavilion where the mother was identified. The mother was eating a meal. She did not thank Security for removing the child from the side of the road or returning the child to her. She told the child not to do it again and continued eating her meal.
Best Documentary Feature Film
I promised you a VERY SPECIAL post today, didn't I? Here it is!
The rule is that you can be any word that has a double letter in it. So you can be a grEEn glaSS dOOr. You can be an aPPle but not a banana. You can wish Just JeNNifer HaPPy but you can't wish her birthday.
In their study, the researchers hypothesized that when it comes to CFTR dysfunction the nervous system may try to compensate by overproducing one of several neuropeptides. Their research shows that the neuropeptide called CGRP is excessively produced by glands in an attempt to activate CFTR, but because of the lack of CFTR activity in cystic fibrosis the CGRP signal remains on.
As a refresher, I play solitaire LotR using my own rules hack called Isildur’s Bane. Click here to get them. Also, I decided I would give it a shot and design and play some scenarios for different games using a 60x60cm table. That’s roughly 2′x2′. Of course I was thinking small skirmishes with a few models a side. This was, of course, not the case!
MM: Hmm. It seems that the divide was already in place. I guess Bobby Sherman and The J5 hadn’t arrived yet. I, too, was firmly in the Stones camp in late ’69.
If we where out picking theese ones i probably would have two full baskets.
I’ve also, as you can tell, haven’t added a new blog post in over a week. While normal for many, it’s not for me. Again this was due to the new PC arriving. It did and I shall now give you a look at it with some specs to follow.
Overall: 1.5/5 (half a star for Akshay Kumar, half a star for Johnny Lever and Chunky Pandey and half a star for Ranjeet)
Many fell ill but they kept working according to The Cardinal´s schedule: collecting samples and analysing them. When the results became increasingly bizarre no one questioned them. The schedule, the structure, was superior and the fevers weakening.
He touches hesitantly, conjuring goosebumps out of porcelain skin.
8. Jelly Roll Gum Drop (02:17)
Before we go into the details of the subject let us first clarify what we mean by the terms “general” (aam) and “absolute” (mutlaq). When a verse is described as “general” it means that it covers everything related to the subject. “Absolute” means that the verse is not limited in a particular aspect of the subject in question. If a verse is general, another verse (or evidence from Sunnah) is required to make it specific (khass) otherwise it must remain as general. Similarly if the verse is absolute another evidence is required to “limit” (muqayad) it, otherwise it to remains absolute.
The Cafe is being sponsored this week by Lawn Fawn... such cute, whimsical images. I have a soft spot for Kelly Marie - she was one my very first blog friends and I am so proud of her incredible successes. I used the Say Cheese set on my book page - {love} the Polaroid frame! You have the opportunity to win your own Lawn Fawn goodies by participating this week in the Cafe - don't miss out on a great opportunity to add some of this cuteness to your stamping stash!
Generally, you will get at least 25% off for bulk orders. I was able to save so much more by purchasing wholesale unfinished wood bangles. It was also a good feeling knowing that I had enough supplies as the demand for my jewelry grew. At one point, I was selling over 50 hand painted bangles a month which was great but majority of my money went into buying the actual unfinished wood bangles.
It’s also not that I don’t enjoy the process of sewing up. I think it’s mainly that I can knit anywhere and often whilst semi-distracted, but to get seams and button bands and collars correctly placed needs a bit of time set aside, a flat surface and some concentration, and creating those conditions isn’t always easy. This is also why my bolero is sleeveless right now. Sewing the sleeves together; there are three pieces to each sleeve, was fine with a bit of pinning, and I was able to do some of that on the train. Similarly the body was fine although attention was required to make sure the lines of the pattern matched up, one section being done twice to make sure this was the case. However, inserting the sleeves is a more delicate operation requiring correct placement and managing the stretchy character of the fabric, setting the top of the sleeve correctly at the shoulder and dealing with the excess that creates the shape and line correctly. The kinds of things that done well, are pretty much unnoticeable because they just look right, but done carelessly, look so wrong and scream their wrongness at every wearing.
The last few practicas I have been practicing with an elusive leader whom I thoroughly enjoy dancing with. He is one of those challenging and thoroughly enjoyable leads, where each time we dance together, I get a little bit better and have a huge grin plastered over my face.
Hallelujah for gift cards and sales, am I right?
Chief suspects
I seem to be in the habit of taking big breaks from blogging and then saying, "Gee where did the time go?" Well, real life intervenes, doesn't it? There are sometimes when I feel all warm and gushy about what is happening in my life and I just want to shout from the mountain-tops how awesome it all is. And then, there are times when I am quietly grateful for the creature comforts and relative ease of my life: food, clothing, warm beautiful house in a lovely setting, healthy family, loving spouse.... those things that I would take for granted if I didn't make a habit of gratitude, something I am actively cultivating in 2012. A friend of mine is working on a gratitude project here: Random Acts of Gratitude and Generosity and it fits right in with my commitment to spend some time each day really feeling grateful, and talking about it with my kids. It is sometime easy to fall into a habit of complaint, or just disgruntlement.
18) Landing Page Conversion Rate - This metric is extremely important and determines your effectiveness at converting visitors into leads. Track the percentage of people who land on your page and then fill out the form. If it’s low, you have an opportunity to do some A/B testing to increase conversions.
Serve warm.
For example when I go to the beach my favorite
You now have taken the “vitals” of the vehicle in the service lane!
Even the horses that live in the paddock just outside my house couldn't be arsed with me today.
was 83.
As always you may find my soap at my website or Etsy shop
Many in a major monetary way,
Colours you dislike:
The weather was really nice so we wanted to grill. We decided to grill some fish and to make fish tacos. We found a really good recipe for grilled fish from "Rick Bayless" called Fish Zarandeado and we made that.
in the form of dangerous thoughts breathing in your ear.
1T lime juice
We encourage you to look for and compliment your children on the hopefully more active use of showing interest at home as well.
The Mayan calendar spans a period of 5,126 years and happens to end on December 21, 2012. To many, this means that the Mayans had privy knowledge about the ultimate fate of the world. To me, it means that Mayan calendar salesmen didn't have many repeat customers.
The site then directs teens to Planned Parenthood, saying that agency will either help them talk to parents or provide a lawyer to guide them through the judicial process.
“You’re a grown man and these are boys. You feel degraded to be afraid of them but you are afraid.”
I wouldn't mind making another one, but next time in something finer & much better quality.
before the end is done
That reminds me of the time that a middle-aged guy came up to me with a vague request for mood music. After a couple failed attempts to find what I thought he was looking for, Windham Hill-type music or cool jazz was what everyone else wanted, he leaned in close to me and murmured, "Mood music, you know, like for sex?" More than a little put off, and being the snarky little music snob I was, I marched over to the compilations section and put an Excursions in Ambience volume in his hands nodding portentously. Sure I was messing with him, but in all honesty, I think Seefeel, Air, and Spacetime Continuum provide a great soundtrack for doing it.
True confession: I have always been a bit of a junk food junkie. I have been able to eat bad-for-you foods for most of my life without having it affect my weight or general well-being, but I think those days are numbered. The scale has slowly been creeping up after each baby's arrival, and while I am not "overweight" - I know that I have not been eating WELL. So I don't deprive myself of anything I love, I just eat a little bit of it. And then I try to make my meals full of more fruits and vegetables and less of what is unhealthy. I don't count calories or points or anything. I can't do all that, it would drive me insane. I just try to put more "good stuff" in.... and leave more "bad stuff" out.
In his website Southern Heritage 411, he exhaustively documents the historically valid reasons that the War between the States was fought – and the preservation of slavery was not prominent among them. He explains that 50,000 blacks fought on the Confederate side for the same reasons that Japanese-Americans fought for America in the Pacific Theater in World War II ** – first to defend their homes and families from outside aggression, and secondly, to prove to the world that they could fight with as much integrity and valor as anyone else.
THE way Dropbox works for more than one person is quite ingenious. There are folders in your space and one is labeled Public. Other folders that have files can remain private from anyone. By inviting others to a folder in your Dropbox, you can share information, work on documents, and download files.
and, in my opinion this era was OH so chic.
And then finally in 2011 the cost of technology had dropped so much that a simple tape to mp3 converting device set me back no more than £25. It was something I’ve always meant to do. Future proof all those Derek and Clive moments.
Some argued the wrens good qualities gave it special dispensation and, after all, this tendency to murder the young of others as they slept egg bound wasn't likely to disrupt the natural order in any meaningful way.
If only I could say that the same would be true come August 27th through September 4th. But alas you and I both know that it won’t be. The real question is: why not?
STI or EVO in decent shape: 20k or so.
“RESOLVED, That the American Bar Association urges that, where possible in the context of the proceedings before them, U.S. federal, state, territorial, tribal and local courts consider and respect, as appropriate, the data protection and privacy laws of any applicable foreign sovereign, and the interests of any person who is subject to or benefits from such laws, with regard to data sought in discovery in civil litigation.”
Here is the cooooooooolest Bday present I got this year. My dear friend, Kevin drew this for me. :) He is a fantastic artist. God given talent, that I respect immensely.I told him I have been ignoring my blog..I needed a muse..I think this little fella was a gesture to inspire me, back to doing something I love.
This Perfect Day by Ira Levin
This doesn't bode well.
This is my time for reflecting...of how much stronger and more determined I am NOW to getting back my life. I had something that has forever affected my life 18 months ago. What it was is not important to share here BUT the dire consequences and impact it had on my life is immeasurable to my inner growth and spirit to live rather than die.
the twin to ego’s excess, the Omnipotent eternal,
Finally, the Applicant might have strengthened his position by making arguments for dependent claims which more clearly spelled out the type of error meant by "hardware error," e.g., memory read error.
Frolic is a music festival held once a year with exciting live acts and dj’s from all over the country. In previous years we have seen the likes of The Dukes, Thomas Tantrum, Science of Eight Limbs, Montage Populaire, Arp Attack, Beans on Toast, Six Nation State and many more. It was originally created to promote local music and has now expanded.
of a thousand stars
8.Hi Henry Brown / Preacher Blues
*I'm actually losing by a hundred goddamned points but it's CLOSE ENOUGH.
Messite J. Guidelines on pregnancy and work developed by the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology. J Environ Pathol Toxicol 1979; 2: 319-323.
PS. You will be happy to know that the Hate Crimes Bill was signed into law just three hours ago.
½ tsp ground cloves
In fact a wheeling group of seagulls above the dump was a constant in Prince Rupert. They follow the ferries waiting for people to throw them a scrap. And when I worked in a downtown office building some years ago, there was one that came to the window every day at lunchtime for the crust of my sandwich. He'd rap with his beak on the glass if I was tardy.
Is it for everyone? No, like I mentioned before, a newbie to this genre, or Japanese forms of entertainment would certainly be lost and confused with what they are watching.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to run programs as myself that are harmful towards life.
So anyway – I'm installing this plugin to bring the status bar back. Sigh. Change is bad when it's done solely for change's sake. (Facebook, Microsoft Office, Twitter – that goes to you guys too.)
· Heals holistically
My thyroid. It’s funky and with the 55 lbs gone it’s changed but not for the good, yet. So he upped my dose and in 6 month go back for a lab test to see if that helps. So if it does it means no more thinning hair, a normal sleep pattern will come back, I won’t be so stressed feeling when really like if pretty good. Things will even out. Okay, I can handle that so the next things we talked about…
No previous John Smith’s Grand National winners
“For the first time I found out I could draw a red eyed tree frog.”, she said. Since then Kylie has been in an art class every year she’s been in school, as well as attending the art club after school regularly.
And thank you so much for remembering and sharing such lovely awards with me.
Thank you for dropping by and have a fabulous day. Hugs, Mette
But as an overweight, insecure teenager, she was desperate for the empty compliments that were showered on her in return for sexual favors — and the encounter was to mark the start of a five-year addiction to having sex with men she met on the internet.
I injured my back (or should I say an old injury came back to haunt me) and starting seeing my Chiropractor in January. I adore her. Plus, I had bronchitis in October into November.
Finding that as a thirty-year-old with much experience of romantic and sexual matters he could no longer fully identify with the attractive but naive Romeo, he amplified the role of Mercutio, giving him his own whimsical speech and attitudes, putting into his mouth as he fell from Tybalt's sword, his own thoughts as he had fallen himself in the street brawl with Knyvett's men. He also trimmed down the month of wedded bliss that he had allotted the lovers in his teens to a single night, perhaps a reflection of the all-too-brief delights of his present romance. With Mercutio suborned to reflect himself, he added Benvolio as the friend that Rutland had been to him then, and perhaps was still.
When you arrive at the ‘dock’ and try to jump gracefully off the boat (step on the palm leaves to avoid the mud), you have to walk for 5 minutes through the jungle. The noise of cicadas, birds, and all kinds of life buzzing, screeching and chattering surrounds you in an instant. As we crossed a wooden bridge, a curious monkey came down to meet us.
Areas have been deforested for agriculture and then abandoned once the soils have lost their fertility. What many do not realise is the fertility of a rich forest is mostly captured in its vegetation. Only through the continuous cycle of life and death are nutrients released into the ecosystem. Once you strip the vegatation away, the soils hold only a small volume of the nutrients. They then become increasingly impoverished as they are over-farmed, and as rain washes away the remaining but unbound fertile topsoils.
The obscenities of the first night are scarcely utterable, but they afforded us the opportunity to explore the belly of the beast (maybe the only way to really explore the city is to psych yourself up to a state of desperation). Walking through the confusing hallways of slot machines I was struck by the thought that everyone looked like the picture of Dorian Gray. Not the elegant Mr. Gray himself, but his picture that slowly deteriorates as he stays young. The casinos psychotropic beauty seems timeless, while the mortality of its patrons, painfully obvious. I watched as my friends slowly lost their money in roulette, but killed it in craps, which even an amateur gambler knows is the only place where you can win money. Also, there is no way roulette is not rigged by the little minions behind the cameras clumsily littering the ceilings. My friend put 100 on black and I’m sure the ball would end up on red 80% of the time. Even if it didn’t, we as players would lose in the long run, all collectively losers.
I was on retreat this weekend with a group of teenagers at a beautiful camp. My sister-in-law who is also a youth minister gave me the opportunity to act as a youth minister once again as I helped her and a planning team create and implement the retreat this weekend. There were a few profound moments...as there always are on a retreat...but there is only one I want to share right now.
¾ cup flaxseed meal
Things are broken, people are hurt and situations need healing…
I also wanted to let you know that TSB is having digi day this weekend (as I mentioned above we have a LOT of FUN and there's FREEBIES). Saturday March 12 from 2-4pm EST at TSB Papercraft Planet Group. I'm going to try and make it - but I'm scheduled to work and I need to take the kids to see Grandma & Grandpa so I might be MIA - but I'll be thinking of you and how much fun you'll be having!
Thunder On The Mountain
"Rue the Day" – 4:14 (bonus track)
Laboratory based courses, summer jobs in laboratories and internships are essentially required to kick start your career. Science technician should possess excellent communication skills both in terms of speaking and writing, as they would need to produce their research findings in both the forms. Computer skills, an eye for detail and good analytical skills are the other requirements for the job.
Ink: Versafine O.B.
After FB came in and helped me finish the phrases, I realized why not one of them made any sense to me. Because none of them actually make any sense.
Hesper Payne: The Strange Tale of Samuel Gonzalez (2012)
Cook on low for 6 hours, high for 3-4 hours.
That is the deadly, unanswered question. The less journalists talk to police officers in the know, the more likely it is that we will have a secretive, unaccountable police force.
It's funny because 61% of the state is willfully on the wrong side of history.
I have pretty much set up the plot already, but a probe is flying through space, constantly blaring out a whale song message while disabling ay ship it comes across. When it reaches Earth and gets no answer from whales, it blots out the sun and begins boiling the oceans. I hate it when call and no one’s home, too, but geez, I do not burn their house down in anger. The probe’s actions are necessary to have a conflict in the movie, but think about the message it sends; it does not matter if we preserve endangered species, because at some point, an alien probe is going to come destroy the environment anyway.
~Author Unknown~
bear firearms, and the most basic principles of our criminal code!
For those of us working for Eminent Institutes, work is very definitely a hindrance to blogging.
Not sure if I am in time for any Linky parties
“Even if the manager comes we still don’t have the product.”
With spring comes thunderstorms, tornadoes, hurricane season. These tags were inspired by the troubles after Hurricane Katrina. The Red Cross and Dogster went in together and came up with these tags. Since chips require a reader and not all readers are standardized yet, this tag is a deal in my opinion.
The twins turned 3 months old on 12/13/11. Yes, I am a little late. Not sure how that happened...oh wait. yes I do. It's called going back to work and Christmas craziness. I have not had time to set down to blog. We have been super Snyder busy as usual but I did take their pictures on their 3 month birthday and even remembered to call my dad that day since it was also his birthday, but blogging about it just did not happen until now.
Now, we’re all caught up – whew…it’s looking a little crazy, isn’t it??? Our season is starting out busy, and we’re so ready to start garage sale-ing too – in search of more wonderful finds – because ultimately it’s all about the thrill of the hunt, isn’t it???
I read all 25 stories...this shit is excellent, a satisfying jaunt for real heads...write a book jack!
Hope you all have a great week and Happy Valentine's Day! If you love someone tell them, look them in the eye, give them lots of kisses and hugs. You never know how long you have with each other.
That part is true. It is exhausting. But on my way down the hall to write this post (from my classroom halfway across the college), two things happened that made me change my mind. First, I bumped into a former student, one who is very bright, just naturally. He's graduating next week, and looking forward to doing work besides bar tending for the first time in five years. He has grown so much, since I first met him, and completely understands the joy of learning. He'll go on to get his Bachelor's degree, and I know he will do well. A few minutes later, I passed a student from three years ago, a solid C writer who worked hard on every single paper, and moved herself up in just one semester to solid Bs. She told me excitedly that she's been chosen as this spring's student speaker for commencement. "I had to write an essay, you know. That's how they chose me. You have no idea how much you've helped me."
May you experience ease and peace throughout your days…and watch out for those 2×4′s! They can be a humdinger!
Well our heroic siblings have been rescued, so we can all take a deep breath and relax…
Let’s read it together:
You know how you love to people watch? So do I.
www.investigativeproject.org is a place to start. It is run by a fellow named Steve Emerson who has lot's of experience in these matters. Two of the books that Steve will tell you to read first are:
Good. Now, let me now return you to a more excited and confused state.
Also, just like with the individual, the judging types provide an important counter-balance to the perceiving types. Both thinking and feeling functions are willing to adjust and eliminate what seems unnecessary or wrong. They also aid in negotiating conflicts between two forms preserved in tradition that have come into some form of conflict. Extroverted Thinkers and Feelers ask after the value of a practice, distinguishing values and ideas that seem to underlie or organize the forms of Introverted Sensation.
Here's an early post about Cassis's literary connections. The Bloomsbury set came to the town in the 1920s, as did D H Lawrence to the equally enchanting resort of Sanary-sur-Mer further along the coast. Then there was Edith Wharton at Hyeres, where she wrote several novels, including The Age of Innocence.
I added the butterflies to make it more girly and fun.
And finally the sheer quantity of Rod's entries has won him a prize. But I particularly liked these two:
The Sound were an English post-punk band, formed in 1979 disbanding in 1988. The band was fronted by Adrian Borland and evolved from his previous band, The Outsiders. They shared record labels with groups such as Echo & the Bunnymen and The Chameleons, and shared stages with Echo & the Bunnymen, the Comsat Angels, the Au Pairs, Modern Eon, Felt, Medium Medium, U2, Public Image Ltd., Eyeless In Gaza, The Stranglers, China Crisis, Thompson Twins, and Aztec Camera.
After the Han dynasty, the next great age of Chinese medicine was under the Tang emperors, who ruled from A.D. 608-A.D. 906. The first Tang emperor established China’s first medical school in A.D. 629.
To those who taught me at Pinawa Secondary or U of W...thanks!
Do not stand at my grave and weep, I am not there. I do not sleep.
everything we knew to be
Jawdat’s friends laughed and he erased the phrase moments after it was written, he said.
Nothing strong enough to release this pain.
I hope that you, the reader, will share your thoughts about this book with me. Please drop me a line at: ljhadaway@hotmail.com
I am disappointed by the removal of the equipment and some of the skills because they weren’t replaced with anything. It feels lazy that the new skills are all combat focused. Most puzzles revolve around the wizards levitation but the thief out of anyone could have a new puzzle related ability.
﻿Team 2
-Evil does exist and is expressed in humanity through sin (sin can be both intentional and unintentional enacted by ignorance, error, inattention, missing the mark, irreligion, transgression, iniquity or lack of integrity, rebellion, treachery, perversion, and abomination).
Her father did not lift his head, heavy, it seemed, and his shoulders slacked with burden. His eyes seemed almost vacant, filled only with a gray twinge of despair. Only his continued silence answered her.
Or to put it another way, get the hell out of my country.
The truth is that Brien Jones provided me with the original list of approximately 500authors and their email addresses claiming these were “angry authors” who felt they were screwed by Airleaf. That’s how I started contacting authors in the beginning—with Brien’s list. I’ll be able to produce that for court when he someday takes me there as he keeps promising. Now it may be true that Airleaf had 3,000 clients—but I didn’t have access to the rest of that list like Brien had when he stole the data base from Airleaf to open his new company. And yes, I can prove that too because now I have the list. It’s with another list of his Jones Harvest clients with little notes he writes about each person next to their name so he doesn’t forget the stories he’s making up along the way along with some derogatory notes about some of his authors. That list was given to me courtesy of several of his ex-employees who felt that by giving it to me, it would be in good hands. I’ll be showing those in court as evidence as well. And also one more lie that Brien keeps stating over and over—Airleaf closed on December 21, 2007, not 2008. Brien had been out of there just about a year.
The Frontline video from 1993(!) is still worth watching as it makes it abundantly clear what's going on. It astounds me what people will believe. Don't believe me? Try facilitating someone, fading back your grasp as far up and as lightly as you can go. Think of it as a fun game to play with your children and spouse. Then tell me you can ever watch someone holding another person's hand or arm and buy that the facilitator isn't co-opting it. In the meantime, watch the Frontline video with a skeptic's eye, and ask yourself how easy it would be to make parents believe their child was communicating and why even subconsciously a therapist or individual assigned to assist could facilitate and believe the communication is legitimate. We tend to discount misses, so parents wouldn't attend to when the child didn't correctly respond, assuming instead that the child is tired or being resistant before considering that the child hadn't communicated in the first place.
I masked off the horizon and sponged in my background with Memento's. Stamped the trees in and colored them with Copic's. I extended the shore by stamping the shoreline and stamping half of the image again to the shoreline.
As images do, by heart
4-5 idioms and simple definitions
I realised I've always been working with international fruits so much so that I decided it's time I worked with a fruit which is also grown locally and found in our local farmers market. Just in case you didn't know, mangoes are grown in Malaysia too, due to the beautiful tropical weather. In a way, we are pretty lucky people to be able to enjoy the fruit whole year round.
Cornbread? oysters? sausage? chestnuts?
The first year apart was horrible. Everything reminded me of them. I cried every day. I felt like a failure as a mother. My whole identity — the woman I had been for ten years, stay-at-home Super Awesome Mommy Extreme, was being torn apart. I had made a huge sacrifice and wondered in every moment if it was the right choice. Was I hurting my children? Would they be happy? Did I do the right thing? And who was I, if not Super Awesome Mommy Extreme? (I wrote a column about that first year over at Literary Mama.)
These occult traditions, well below the veneer of public Judaism, have a strong influence on western mysticism, spiritualism, mystical Christianity, New Age paradigms, modern occultism, ceremonial magic (thaumaturgy), etc., et al.
3 wish
Nestabilities - Large Standard Circles
RND 21: 1 hdc in each of first 9 stitches, sl st into next stitch. Leave rest of row unstitched. Finish off, leaving a long tail for sewing. Do not pull closed. Stuff body firmly.
When nobody in the world needs to beg,
So it would seem that public officials are working with this group, unbeknownst to their constituents, also known as 'the public.' How does this comport with the idea of openness and transparency in government?
And then there's Polanski. The director ensures a dialogue heavy and complicated script holds together without an ounce of fat. He apparently eliminated a Gittes voiceover from the script and tightened up the famous ending: bringing everything to a head in one climactic confrontation instead of over several more complex scenes. He also placed the film's celebrated "Forget it Jake, it's Chinatown" at the very end. The line had apparently already existed elsewhere in the script but Towne could never quite make it fit - in the end its placement is perfect, capturing the tragic futility Gittes struggle in a single phrase.
“I wanted to remove the idea of possession,” Poeta explained to me, coloring his explosive fantasy with a more intellectual hue. Yet the long-disused early 20th Century Las Cañitas mansion doubling as backdrop for our conversation — a space suddenly teeming with a dozen artists launching into three days of creation — wasn’t going to be detonating any time soon. It was going to become a boutique hotel.
I am so excited to bring you the first Style Talk Interview of 2010! I had the pleasure of connecting with New York interior designer Elaine Griffin. Last year I gave away a copy of Elaine’s new book, Design Rules: The Professional’s Guide To Do-It-Yourself Home Style. And today, Elaine has been kind enough to share with us her journey to interior design and some of her best kept secrets for creating the perfect space.
On the matte grey sky;
The issues that may arise on the part of the kids are quite expected because they are kids and they are not yet acquainted with so much about life hence, they are not yet matured enough to understand things that are going on around them especially in complex situations which may involve psychological and emotional pressures. Certain circumstances that happen among grown ups usually brings about confusion to young minds, it generates more questions rather than answers. That is why they usually go by what initially comes to their mind before accepting other possibilities. But this is only reasonable on the part of the kids. This is an irrational behavior on the part of the new partner. Though it may not seem so astonishing to find individuals who despite the knowledge that their partner has kids of their own with someone else before them, yet are still willing to get into the relationship hoping that everything will just work out fine, it is still a wonder if whether or not they are truly aware of what they are getting into. Love conquers all, they say. If it is not too much love, sometimes the fact that you happen to find someone who is a good catch that is just within your reach, you tend to overlook other details because you want that person badly to be yours that you are convinced that you can just overlook all the flaws; there are others who are overwhelmed by their attraction to the person that they have underestimated the weight of the person’s excess luggage which little do they know they will have to share in carrying if the relationship pushes through. Sadly, deliberately ignoring the obvious for selfish reasons often creates an unfavorable outcome for all parties concerned, such as the uncomfortable position as much as feelings given a situation where they all meet and have to share a common space. For someone who is clueless with what entails in a relationship with someone who already has kids, it is a bit troublesome but depending on the character and personality of the person it can either be adaptable or a red light. Be it known that no matter how important you are in your partner’s life, you have to be aware that you share his/her attention with his/her kids. Though you may complain and demand but you are not to expect that it will be met just the way you wanted. For instance with regards to time allocation, you can not expect to have all his/her time with you alone. Other than he/she has a career, it is also important for him/her to allocate time for the kids. It is normal if time with the kids comes first because that is part of his/her obligation as a parent especially during the developmental stages of a child where parental guidance is crucial. It is different if the kids are all grown-up and matured enough to be on their own. But until then, time with the kids is important in rearing them to make them better and responsible individuals in society. In terms of finances, parental obligation includes financial responsibility to provide for the kid’s necessities. You should be aware that being a parent is a lifetime responsibility, it is a 24-hour, 7 days a week duty without any expected compensation and benefits. However, it shouldn’t be considered a trouble or a disturbance in one’s life rather a blessing because you have brought life into this world and what they will become because of you is your legacy.
-one gets asked the same questions over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over.
Maria cleans every Saturday and Buddha bless her soul; she tidies up everything, including stacking random change that I end up knocking down every week.
United Methodists twice rejected resolutions May 2 that called for the denomination to divest from companies accused of contributing to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories.
"A group of us at the Law School have decided to convene an event, Web 2.0, Social Networks and Innovation: Trends, Challenges and Opportunities, 30 November 2007, 6-8pm.
More importantly though, he uses his own first hand experience of seeing The Jackson Five perform a showcase at London’s (now defunct) Talk Of The Town to a handful of carefully selected media folk back in the seventies and how he and the late – and equally legendary – John Peel sat together, awestruck – at which… we shared looks of amazement as the group went through the fully choreographed routines of a Motown act, providing a platform on which Jackson demonstrated every ounce of the gifts and the potential that would make him, by the end of the decade, the biggest attraction in the world of showbusiness, the star of stage shows of previously unimaginable lavishness.
Concerning Character: Paige's introspectiveness, her self-doubt, will be immediately recognizable and relatable to many readers. By the same token, her stubbornness and willingness to try to be herself were inspiring, and the results hopeful and satisfying. Paige's parents are fleshed out as people, not just cardboard cutouts, and the artist grandma was a cute idea for a mentor, although in some ways her advice seemed a bit convenient. Paige's friends were all appealing and quirky, from her best friend Diana back in Virginia to her diverse and motley group of comic-reading, music-loving new friends in NYC. And how much do I love the fact that they're self-described ethnic mutts?
In Britain the media is guilty of many lies, causing untold damage for which we can hope they will one day be held accountable, yet in respect of South Africa they share the guilt for even more bloody crimes.
Secondly, some of you may read Kendra's (Grandmother Goddess of the Garden) blog Barely Controlled Chaos. This woman was touched by Mimi's and Julian's story. She felt that Mimi, Michelle from My Semblance of Sanity, and I should meet in person and she made that a reality. She was able to get all three of us tickets to Oprah's show! Mimi, Michelle, and I have been busy making our plans to meet up in Chicago for the show. And then today I got an email from Kendra's daughter. It said that she was in the hospital and had just had emergency brain surgery to remove a tumor earlier this week. She was diagnosed with mestastatic lung cancer. :*( This was a huge shock to her. Anyway, please keep Kendra in your thoughts/prayers.
I also have attached his first surrealist short 'Un Chien Andalou' An Andalusian Dog. Made in 1929. It's a beautifully short film, which seems to leave viewers split on whether or not the guy is completely insane or a genius.. I'll leave that for you to decide.
SO……………..
In the yellowy aged parchment past,
Betsy and I arrived in the Buffalo area late last Friday afternoon. After visiting with Kelly and Chuck at their home for a while, they took us out for a fish fry. The restaurant they took us to was the Log Cabin Restaurant in Indian Falls, New York.
I'm off to go help Colin pack, and paint his room...
This latest shoot from FRESH photography is super fun. I am a huge fan of feathers, especially feathers on lashes. So that is what stands out for me, but this shoot is full of great details that seem as inspired by a couture fashion spread as a unique wedding story. Definitely worth a peruse.
I left the above ^ section about his personality the same from the last update because that hasn't really changed. Gabe is super easy-going and fun-loving. My MIL can't get enough of him and she thinks he is the best little baby boy and so well-behaved. He is super chill and just...fun! He knows his boundaries and is very obedient when he is told to stop. He is always trying to make people smile and laugh and is usually pretty successful!
I think it's rubbish. I think it's not substantively different from saying no one but a fool ever had sex without getting paid. No one but a fool ever sang a song, drew a picture, told a joke, did a dance, baked a cake...you get the idea.
Here are my tips for cancelling a wedding. They may not apply to all situations, but I think they may help:
tomorrow I will have a long convo with an old friend… but today I was sitting at the Marina… and I forgot where I was… it was like those mini seizures that T gets.. T and Sharika and T were kicking the soccer ball around.. I am in so much pan all I could do was watch… but they said I zoned out and was unresponsive… and when I finally responded I could not remember where we were or why we were there for a few minutes.. I have been in a fog since….. that is obviously not good…. I will follow up with a doctor tomorrow…. but while I should be happy… I just feel like crying… it is hard to control myself tonight… that alone has me concerned…. I don’t want to be doin this the way I be doin this… I am torn.. I want to write to you every day to prove how I feel about you.. but I don’t want to if all I can do is complain.. that aint right…. and right now I aint right.. and truth.. I don’t even know if you give a S or not… not sure if I will be able to sleep… Sharika needs to get out early and get to work… but I may get up later this evening and come read and write…. I got so much inside… I just need to get it out… shower just turned off.. catch up with you later.
Just over half of all human beings ever born were alive at the time of her birth. That means that most of human history will happen in her lifetime. How will she affect it?
#728 - Louisiana Story (1948) - (#985 on TSPDT) Such a simple film, a boy and his pet raccoon lazing their way through the bayou, with occasional visits to the world's friendliest oil rig, but so damn mesmerizing. Flaherty's final film and the ethnographic documentarian's finest and most beautiful work. I first heard of this film way back when I was just getting into the world of cinema, while perusing the BFI's Sight & Sound lists of the greatest films (it was on the original 1952 list, above Rules of the Game and Citizen Kane, the latter of which did not even make the list), but for one reason or another, I did not catch up on it only now. Well, I suppose I can say it was worth the wait indeed.
Hong Kong can have a first-mover advantage in IP trade. Hong Kong has a rule of law, attractive tax system, with a bilingual work force, and is not a gate-to-China, but is part of China. Hong Kong has to take the initiative and make it blaze its own trail. Shenzhen already has a trade platform, but just a website and they seem not very active, they do not have an international nor a holistic approach to the trade platform. China each province has its own platform. In Hong Kong there are more professionals.
Spoonflower.com is a relatively young site that allows you to design and/or purchase fabrics of all kinds. And by all kinds, I mean not only a vast array of designs by seasoned as well as burgeoning fabric artists; I also mean a great selection of fabric weights from quilt to upholstery, including organic options. Below is a sample of one of my favorites. Bora: a Dutch designer with sweet but not-toooo-sugary aesthetic that I love. Her color palettes, her adorable characters--just stinkin' crazy cute! Anyway, head on over to Spoonflower and peruse to your heart's content. It's not only fun (if you're a fabric freak) but can be a font of inspiration, too. Think of all the great items you can sew--or have sewn for you--that will be totally unique to your own sense of fashion or decor! Enjoy!
(Where's the "cure" you ask? If that's the main reason you haven't been making jerky, well, come on down! I hate sodium nitrite. Imagine my surprise when at my Master Food Preserver Class, Barbara Ingham, Wisconsin's Extension food scientist and our teacher, said I didn't have to use it! There was a catch. Without cure in it, you will store it in the refrigerator. If you are going on a camping trip, etc., it will keep for 2 weeks out of the refrigerator, but not indefinitely. This more than covers me for a day long shopping trip, or Rick for a day of pheasant hunting.)
The color they have worn, and John Wayne has truly sworn to never really meet
When we got to the classrooms, I was given my full schedule of events and lists of which kids were in which group. They had 7 or 8 groups of about 6 to 7 kids each. We also had a schedule or when we would attend each activity etc. Like I said, it was fabulously organized. We got on the buses, went off to Arlington Echo, went into our assigned cabins where Ashley and I set up some basic stuff on our bunk. She was on top, and I slept under her. We then took off for the flag pole area for our orientation speech followed by lunch.
Harvey is Ilocano from Cagayan. He is an Overseas Filipino Worker since 10 years ago. Ronald, on the other hand, is a Chamorro, a native of the Marianas island. They have the same name structure and share a common religion because of the shared history of the Marianas and the Philippines. Both were colonies of Spain and the USA.
Why didn't I post?
The rest of the Kowalski family is ever-present in this book too. Even our Exclusively Yours’ Joe and Keri have a couple of big moments in this one that totally left me smiling from ear to ear.
The Hawks spent the latter part of the fifties through around 1964 as backing back for rockabilly legend Ronnie Hawkins, who took the combination of young Canadians and one transplanted southerner under his wing, worked them hard and turned them into some of the finest musicians known to the world.
How to Buy a Copier
Ehrenreich is concerned about more than short-term politics or even mid-term economic woes. Far worse, the cult of positive thinking threatens the rational core at the heart of our scientific and cultural growth:
Have you ever been at a loss for words and had to revert to some sort of non-verbal communication to get a point across?
Drop by teaspoonful onto prepared cookie sheets, leaving space for the cookies to spread. Bake for approximately 15 minutes, or until the edges are slightly brown. Cool for a minute or two on the cookie sheets, then transfer to a rack to continue cooling.
The Prisoner rails about being pushed around. But over his head comes the laughter of "Number Two" (the shit-head with the graffiti name tag he uses for his re-ups, his blog, his Torrent posts, etc.) laughing and saying, "You are NOT a free man!" But, heh heh heh...the movie you made, the novel you wrote, the song you sang. That's free!"
Liveris is a Chartered Engineer and a Fellow of The Institute of Chemical Engineers, as well as a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering.
The raw meaty bones diet is also known as the prey model diet, those who follow this diet feed their pets raw meaty bones (including oily fish), organ meat (including tripe) and eggs, some stop there, others feed raw vegetables, fruits and table scraps. All of this is in line with Tom’s recommendations, in his book Raw Meaty Bones (page 156) he recommends that for dogs raw meaty bones from a variety of animals should comprise at least 70 percent of the diet, that remainder can be cooked or raw table scraps. Within the group of raw feeders there will be those feeding 100 percent raw meaty bones right through to 70 percent.
then returned two days later with the paperwork.
Why would I recommend this book: It is much easier to read than Pride and Prejudice, naturally there is a few very old British words, but it is still easy reading. And even the story line is very good, if you get to read past needless ramblings…
So to get your dusk on visit these links!
I’m on to you, Mr. Horowitz. If you write another one (please!) I’ll be more wary.
If you fear the LORD and serve Him and obey His voice, and do not rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then both you and the king who reigns over you will continue following the LORD your God.
Next I have a holiday layout I scrapped with a variety of stamps. This is what I really do enjoy about Unity stamps, the versatility of each set. You really can mix and match them to your liking. I just love that!
Along these same lines, it is the supporting cast that makes Bad Teacher fun, not the leads. Cameron Diaz is inconsistent as the burnout educator, relying more on sex appeal than anything else. Lucy Punch tries too hard to get laughs at too many points in the movie, wearing out her character’s welcome early on. Justin Timberlake gives the worst performance of the whole lot, and seems to be mocking a caricature instead of creating a living, breathing character. Seeing Timberlake grow as an actor from Alpha Dog to The Social Network has been incredible, but Bad Teacher is a major step backward for him. Hopefully this is an anomaly, and not a new trend for Timberlake.
Pootle, her mummy, met with friends, shopped, and got her hair done, (yey for lovely things that mummies so often don't get to do!) and (hopefully) rested for a few days, before joining us Here for two nights. Oh I do miss my sister, and am in constant awe of those who have their loved ones nearby. We drank cider, had party planning sessions, fajitas, and evening walks around town (thanks to a willing fella, babysitting and sending us out for a couple of hours to catch up). There was the usual talk about the distance, and if something might be done, if somebody might move. Its not looking do-able for the moment, but we did make use of the time together. Next meet-up will be late July I think. Looking forward to it already.
Moving around the room counter-clockwise, this is the 'bathroom wall'. The 8 panel door will be replaced with a sliding barn door-type door. We will also put the header back on. It has been missing since we moved there and I'm not sure why we never put it back up. (To keep it real, I didn't remake the bed after my son's nap. His favorite stuffed monkey is still there, too.)
Apr 5
05 - My Cancer
Sadly, at the evening taiko/drama/dance performance in the center of town, the only beer available was also traditional: Asahi Super Dry.
“By far the most important event in the entire rise of Christianity was the meeting in Jerusalem in around the year 50, when Paul was granted the authority to convert Gentiles without them also becoming observant Jews.”
Our theme for March is "EASTER"
* Dr. Bircher created this dish and he insisted on using apples and pears with the skin on.
i sat down to the computer to start editing this morning and one obstacle after the next kept getting thrown my way. i have no room to put cases and bags in my lap and draw on them. i can't pack huge boxes and suitcases, my back just gets mad at me. ack!
The creator of The Sarah Jane Adventures Russell T Davies said: "I absolutely loved Lis. She was funny and cheeky and clever and just simply wonderful. The universe was lucky to have Sarah Jane Smith; the world was lucky to have Lis."
Now on to the race recap! I headed to The Landings in Avon Lake and picked up my packet. The first thing I noticed, there were a ton of dogs, pretty sure I was the only one without a dog. We lined up for the race and headed out of the parking lot and through the landings. Things were going fast and I quickly found my pace. We headed into Kopf Family Reservation, and I finally checked my watch. I was cruising at a sub 8:30 pace and feeling pretty good.
Now with a stronger private sector and FDI, we are brave enough to light candles and speak up against corruption. We “Teach India“. While the “weaponed classes” siphon off relief money, we go and help tsunami victims. We pay taxes and then travel in unclean, unsafe second class compartments of trains, unless the travel is “official”. It is a victory to get a ration card, a passport, or an election card. We are victims of corruption, our white money turns black in a million un-receipted ways, from a bus conductor who does not give you a ticket – to everything else. We tighten our belts. We hold the “Simple Living – High Thinking” Ideal. We are glad to get by and to be left alone.
Made this for sale as a baby shower gift. The customer wanted a baby boy afghan. I found THIS pattern and thought it would be perfect....a nice pattern without being too much. When I finished the basic ghan, I thought it needed something so I thought about it and got the idea of adding the bug appliques and the lines to represent their flying. The embroidery took time but it really came out great. I think the new mom will appreciate it.
Internet keyword: kenfrost
I will leave you with a quote from Albert Einstein, “God does not play dice.” Albert Einstein, possibly the greatest mind to reject the theory of quantum mechanics.
With all the good and evil taking place all over the world God knows exactly what to do to bring it to where he wants it to be. And he will. Who can stop him? Who can make him change this or that?
When she opened the door, the hijackers ran in, stole R5 000 and four cellphones and assaulted her.
But I never did find out exactly what the Latino Consent Decree is, or was, or might have been. It happened in the 1970s, and continues to compel Minnesota taxpayers to fund the activities described above, year after year. Somebody sued somebody and won, and now all Minnesotans have to pay, and pay, and pay…
If employees feel neglected, their morale goes down and as a result, customers and shareholders suffer. If customers are neglected; no matter how much you may focus on the employees, the business as a whole suffers paving way for not being able to support those employees at all. If shareholders suffer, it has a ripple effect on the well being of the employees and customers.
I am pretty sure that beautiful coffee/tea pot in the background came from
My Mums Craft Shop - Favourite song or movie - Butterfly Kisses by Bob Carlisle - if you have the time check out this utube video of the song its a real "Daddys little girl song" - as soon as I saw the challenge I remembered I love this song - the video brought a tear to my eye all over again - sniff!!
Green Day were polarizing. From the beginning the knock against them was their lack of punk boanfides; no breakneck tempos, no yelled vocals and the lyrics were not only comprehensible but they were clearly about...girls. But Lawrence Livermore and his Lookout Records label (more HERE) stood by the band, as did a lot of record buyers. When the band signed to a major label, the same people who'd derided them as being 'too pop' now called them 'Greed Day'. It's no wonder they abandoned the punk underground. What's more interesting is how much they carried the punk flag, coming around to an anti-establishment view not so far removed from that of the punk politicos they'd left behind.
Brad: I enjoy the Lakeview district… provided it’s not past 10 PM. Nightclubs are like amateur hours for drinkers and I have no desire to be anywhere near all the young kids & their pumped-up kicks. Although one of my favorite stories happened at a Lakeview bar – whose name I will not mention – the area has some decent dining establishments. Chris Z’s has been a place I have always wanted to try. We walked in and were assisted immediately. While perusing the menu, I noticed a woman had a remarkable burger in front of her – a 1/2 pound patty in between two grilled cheeses, appropriately titled the “Big Az burger.” Did I have the #balls for this? I decided to take it easy and go with the good ol’ cheeseburger combo. I paid under $6.99 – a fair amount. Service was lightning fast. My food was ready before I could fill my drink. The burger had a special sauce that didn’t do much for the taste, and that really is a shame. While I had been pleased with the atmosphere and service, the food was rather unexciting. The burger was bland and it tasted like a bun w/ cheese, produce and some other substance. I couldn’t taste meat. The fries were shoestrings that you can get anywhere. The meal was not as bad as I probably made it sound; however, burger places need to make their signature items stand out. I didn’t taste that here. I would certainly go again and perhaps try the Big Az burger as you KNOW that thing has some flavor. Plus, I’d rather shell out $7 for a less-than-spectacular burger than for a watered-down, bottom-shelf well drink any day of the week. Overall 3.5 out of 5 bros.
Alex hasn't woken up at all during the past two nights, which I believe is only the second or third time we've had two consecutive no-wake nights since his birth. When you consider all the crying Alex did by waking up every two hours, the total amount of sleep-related crying is a fraction of what it was.
Now two groups they've very much wanted to avoid are after them-the law, in the form of veteran state investigator Kirk Stevens and hotshot young FBI agent Carla Windermere, and an organized-crime outfit looking for payback. As they all crisscross the country in deadly pursuit and a series of increasingly explosive confrontations, each of them is ultimately forced to recognize the truth: The true professionals, cop or criminal, are those who are willing to sacrifice . . . everything.
A wiki where fans edit information about things they like. Another example of a wiki that is somewhat of an offsping of wikipedia. As Wikipedia has gotten more formal in editing requirements, those who like the free-er atmosphere from the early days of wikipedia are moving elsewhere to places like this. This wiki has no notability requirements. Anything can be added that one likes.
I had these for the first time, and they are very yummy!
ES Feminine Plural
I colored the image with prismacolor pencils and gamsol. Layered it over some marina mist cardstock and a spellbinders rectangle die. Used a Cherry Lynn flourish die under that panel and then another marina mist panel with designer paper.
Ismita has done well in weaving life on sea with that of the protagonist Sancha, a 6 month old married careless-carefree pretty woman. In fact, the Prologue hits you with a bang, something like a big chunk of raw meat thrown suddenly at you, catching you unawares! And, you realize that inspite of it all you want more of it simply because herein lie the clues to understanding of the novel, set amidst the sea-faring atmosphere.
And finally for the evening...!
I had initially envisioned cutting out the jello into heart shapes for Valentine's Day, but I ended up using a flower cutter since my heart cookie cutter was too big. And even then I only did a few, as the jello was too tall for the cutter, so the shapes didn't come out nicely. So I just sliced the rest into small squares.
Here's the cheeks in action, and you can't tell from the picture, but she has a dimple on her left cheek! Sweet!
Such is life, such is life, though I’d personally disagree
#31 Doolittle by Ben Sisario
detrimental to cultural diversity.
Hope that helps! I sure am lucky to be able to outsource painting jobs like this. If you're handy and crafty, I'm sure you can do it yourself. But you can also hire painters to do the job, too.
To find myself surrounded,
-On 2.7.12 you had your first play date! We visited Page and Selah, had lunch together, and played. You enjoyed taking it all in and talked to me a bunch about it later that day!
Like I said earlier, we just needed something to do. There was no purpose or message we wanted to give out, we just wanted to have fun ourselves, and if other people liked it, that was a bonus.
The final one I’m going to mention isn’t country, but it’s every bit as special to me. “Don’t Stop Believing” by Journey. This is one of my all time favorites to listen to while writing the scenes with the badboy and the girl next door archetypes. I feel this one creates an atmosphere where they can meet and get to learn the true people inside of each other. I also feel this is the perfect song to represent what the badboy faces day in and day out. Anyone who reads my work knows I have a soft spot for the badboy archetype. There is just something about them and figuring out what makes them tick that I can never resist.
The evil conscience… Hebrews 10:22… “Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water” (KJV). Here the evil conscience is one that is constantly oppressed by evil thoughts… one that accuses you of guilt… This verse teaches that we have been made free from such a conscience through the blood of Jesus Christ. This verse is for the believer who is not fully convinced that upon his or her receiving Christ they are free… and forgiven from their past deeds. They dwell on past sins. Many today are overpowered with distress from guilt and fear of punishment. You don’t have to live with guilt… Christ has redeemed you.
“To the University of Michigan, the contemporary identification, cataloging and examination of the human remains and cultural artifacts of indigenous people may constitute an academic exercise,” Bay Mills executive council President Jeffrey D. Parker wrote to Forrest. “To the Bay Mills Indian Community, these activities are unwelcome and insensitive intrusions upon our ancestors which require our active intervention to ameliorate.”
Ravana asked Brahma and Siva for boons.
18- Jindalee Operational Radar Network (JORN) Longreach, Queensland, Australia
In this novel, African-Canadian students are presented with language that portrays all the stereotypical generalizations that demean them as a people. While the White student and the White teacher many misconstrue it as language of an ealier era or the way it was, this language is still widely used today and the book serves as tool to reinforce its usage even further. . . .
As early as February 1, 1933, the Navy staged a mock attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese. The exercise was a disaster. Even in 1933 it was known that Pearl Harbor's defenses were considered, after the mock attack by Japan, a failure. It makes the events of December 7, 1941 even more heart-wrenching. The War Department knew the attack was coming. They did not know when. They did not realize that Pearl Harbor, which was basically a sitting duck, was to be the location of the attack. It was assumed the attack would come in the Philippines.
This recipe is easily veganized, and vegan substitutions are indicated for the dairy ingredients. Often, bacon pieces are fried to render the fat used to sauté the vegetables. I chose to use a combination of extra virgin olive oil and butter for health reasons, and I don’t think the resulting chowder was any less tasty. If you like bacon, feel free to use it. If you would like your chowder somewhat thicker, you can add bread crumbs to the broth.
Disc 1 (61:11):
Why is that, then? I would say that one of the reasons is that writers, like visual artists (photographers, painters and sculptors, for instance) have a more individual and self-centred approach to their oeuvre. Film-makers, who depend more on a collective, think nothing of re-doing a classic. This could be as a tribute to the original director, or because they think that they can improve on his/her magnum opus. Or simply because there's more money on the table. Which is why we can have Bride and Prejudice, the Bollywood movie, but no Pride and Prejudice, the new version by Danielle Steel. I don't think that I'm alone in thinking that a painter re-painting the Mona Lisa would probably take umbrage at him/herself. Same with a writer penning a second Moby Dick.
the states of utah, arizona, and i think california.
This article taken via Fashion Files which is courtesy of Elle Blogs!
giggling fits--not just a single laugh, but rolling laughter
To capture valiant promises, my heart would lead the way.
In his reply, he said this:
Carsten Lizard-Schulz: vocals
Divide eggs. Beat egg whites with 3 tbsp water until foamy. Slowly add sugar and vanilla, mix for couple of minutes, then add one by one egg yolk. Combine flour, corn starch and baking powder. Gently fold into egg mixture. Pour the batter into a 9 inch (23 cm) spring form cake pan lined with parchment paper. Bake at 365 F (185 C) 20 – 30 minutes. Cool completely and then slice through into two equal pieces.
I remember being in Thailand when a major tsunami came through Myanmar. We saw disturbing images on the Thai TV channels. Thousands were killed and even more left homeless. Many countries tried to come to Myanmar's aid, but their government would not let people in to distribute the food and help that was needed. I think of North Korea. Those people live in such literal darkness. The government has successfully brainwashed a nation. The people don't even know the truth about their poverty and oppression. Governments across the globe are filled with corruption and tyranny.
Source: DSNews.com
After a peaceful hiatus at home in Rockabill, Jane True thinks that her worst problem is that she still throws like a girl - at least while throwing fireballs. Her peace of mind ends, however, when Anyan arrives one night with terrible news... news that will rock Jane's world to its very core. After demanding to help investigate a series of gruesome attacks on females - supernatural, halfling and human - Jane quickly finds herself forced to confront her darkest nightmares as well as her deepest desires. And she's not sure which she finds more frightening.
The numbers 170 to 200 million tonnes of CO2 that the WEF report gave, do not tell the reader very much. The WEF report cited a June 3, 2011 Nature article for this information: “170 million and 400 million tonnes of carbon dioxide between 2011 and 2020 (depending on different assumptions about the country’s shifting power mix).” The greater detail in the original source show the numbers are only a guess, and that this guess varies widely depending on the model used to calculate the figures. The numbers are also spread out over nine years – almost a decade – an important variable to consider. Even in Nature’s worst case scenario, the highest figure cited, 400 million tones of CO2, would still not equal even half of one year of Germany’s figure at 829 million metric tonnes of CO2, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists. This number is in-line with other figures, though there are a few variations (see figures here & here).
But I believe that the DNA in the rainbow trout was created directly by God at a time in the past. Replacements for it are no longer being made. Therefore, to wipe it out of an existence would be to destroy the work of the greatest artist there is.
Everything happens for a reason. This isn’t always fun to live through. But hell if ain’t gonna make me stronger. I will not wait for someone to unlock me from this cage and remove my shackles. I will create the key and soar.
Santorum: People know how much I
This morning though, I was very grateful for the day off. For the chance to sleep in, laze around in my pajamas all day long and catch up on my to-do list.
And I get that white walls would have made the whole room overly bright and rather stark. I honestly don't know what I would have put on the walls to go wth the yellow, but it wouldn't have been this color. Probably one of the reasons I'm reluctant to decorate with yellow though I love it so much.
more than a few days after
The last performers.. Partyraiser vs Nosferatu. 2 of my all-time heroes. Was I dreaming? If I was.. They woke me the f*ck up because Partyraiser doesn’t know the word relax.. Nosferatu with his insomnia doesn’t know it either so we had no choice but to give everything we had left in this final hour. They don’t care if it’s late.. They don’t care if you are tired.. All they want to do is f*ck you up and they did! But we loved every second of it! I can’t wait to see them again soon and I can’t wait for Black 2013!
Once again I have to start a post with a ginormous thank you.
I didn't even use a mixer, just stir the mixture with a wooden spoon. It was low in fat and also egg free. The classic pairing is chocolate and vanilla but there are so many more possibilities. This is my new favorite cake, it turned out wonderfully, very moist and tasty!
- I didn't want to use bread crumbs in the tart since I was keeping it gluten/grain free, so I used a mixture of coconut flour and ground hazelnuts to line the dough. Because I was lazy, I used the same mixture for the galette as well.
Finally, February, I got an interview for a job. It was with a securities firm, and paid better than the one I had been laid off from! New stuff to learn! New people that I might be able to stand in an office! Benefits! Holidays! The interview went well, I loved the office manager, and I got the job.
But of the good to treat, which there I found,
These are amazing beings in any reality. Their powers are mighty, and their beingness is mighty. Now, you have need to understand that the Godhead has surrounded themselves with the most beautiful, with the highest energy. And so, these are beings of adoration, and these are beings that you will often hear us refer to as those of the pink ray—it is pink-gold, actually. And their purpose is simply to be in attendance, in adoration. They are the singers of hosanna and praise.
Housekeeper is due today. On her last visit she told me I’m now the only person she visits this far North. One wonders how long their grasp on good service will remain secure.
because rhian/crowwoman asked:
“We are all so goddamned busy trying to leave a mark in this world, trying to change it that we never realize how the world has marked us – how we’ve been changed by it. And how that in itself is the only thing that can ever really live forever. Everyone is dying to be venerated. Everyone is dying to leave something of importance behind long after their corpse has fed the soil and pushed up daisies. Everyone is dying for an affirmation that we were alive. Dying for reverence. Dying for remembrance. WE WERE HERE. WE WERE HERE. WE WERE ALIVE. We are all dying so entirely that we never truly lived.”
As tends to be the case with many of these US based inventions, Africa has been completely ignored as a potential market – whether rightly or wrongly remain to be seen. It is also interesting to note that India, Pakistan, Sri-Lanka and Bangladesh have all been ignored. Anyone who has watched cricket in the last 5 years (and who are familiar with the UDRS (Umpire decision Review System) fiasco) will know that the BCCI (Board of Control for Cricket in India) hold all the aces and subsequently all the money in cricket.
We were in Lauren's apartment flying around her room like mad women looking for shoes, jewelry, and all freaking out when she got the call they were in the garage. So I grabbed Amber to go get the boys and bring them back to the apartment. I remember seeing Anthony walking in the parking lot and just melting. He had HUGE muscles, an amazing smile, and some weird hair thing going on. So we walked them into the apartment, got our stuff and headed to putt putt. We rode in Anthony's car (his current one) and neither boys opened our car doors (BIG point deduction), Anthony raced with *B which Lauren was riding with and I remember Amber screaming something about how we were going to die and then we were there. Lauren had told us to expect to pay for ourselves so *B paid for her since they were an item, and Anthony cut in front of me to pay for me (score!), so then *G did the same for Amber.
I have a list around here... somewhere...
These are qualities Skip Bayless doesn’t possess.
I had an epiphany one night while giving Liam his bath. I had to walk all the way down the hall to grab the towel (he was 4 by this point, and he sang to me the whole time I was out of the room) It would have been so much nicer if the towels were closer to the bathroom. Sure, my craft stuff (that I was hardly using) was right at my finger tips, but the towels were so far from the bathroom. Light bulb moment! Why not store my craft stuff in the "linen closet" and the towels above the dryer? That lead to more thinking, more tweaking, and then we had a system that functioned soooo much better for our family.
4.Tribute My Ass
whenever you have plants that you care about, you'll naturally have pests of various kinds. a garden is no exception.
1. Big houses look clean more easily than small houses: People often think the opposite. In one sense, it’s true that a big house has more surfaces to clean, and clearly it takes longer to clean five bathrooms than it would one or two bathrooms. But in a big house, there are more places for things to spread out or be stored, while in a smaller house, more things are bound to be right in your line of vision, which seems messier. If your house is on the small side, it is even more important for you to reduce clutter in order to feel freer.
“The internet gives it reach and scope,” said Bettison. “The big bad wolf is still the Al- Qaeda threat. But my people are knocking over right-wing extremists quite regularly. We are interdicting it so that it doesn’t first emerge into the public eye out of a critical incident like an explosion.”
papers -k&co
"Come to Me, all you who labor and are heavy-laden and overburdened, and I will cause you to rest.
You all have heard the name Rachel time and time again on here. Yes, I talk about her a lot, but she is, after all, my nearest and dearest friend. We have been besties for 24 years! She's a part of my family and I love her:
I could see Jeremy Kyle getting involved in this storyline quite easily.
After 17 years of marriage and becoming a mother myself I realized I had lost myself somewhere and felt empty from within. Ma constantly encouraged me to find my place in the bigger scheme of things and do justice to my existence on earth. Her attitude toward life inspired me to become what I am today.
2-9 Deep Indian Long 5:12
Medical staff who provide antenatal care are often insufficiently trained in the skills of communication. Pregnant women are very vulnerable and sensitive. The last thing a pregnant woman needs is increased anxiety, which creates tension. This is bad both for her and for her baby.
“The 82-year-old has since pleaded guilty to 20 criminal charges, including use of a document to obtain a pecuniary advantage and false representation under two different names.”
For him no minstrel raptures swell;
"What are we doing in our daily lives to remember 9/11? Taking life for granted? Or soaking in every precious moment, telling family and friends we love them, and setting our priorities straight? Let's make this day more than about remembering where we were then - let's take a good look at where we are now."
I don't want to do an only clay class or even an only 3-D class. I think that working 3-D really pushes kids problem solving skills and I've found if we can plan in 2-D and then execute in 3-D then we tend to have more success on the 3-D project. I'm sure this also takes the highest level of Blooms to a whole new level and allows me to call some lessons TAG lessons.
I guess I have rambled enough. Point is, I think I like my no technology downtimes these days & appreciate what life has to offer! I am learning not to be glued to this machine, not thinking of doing away with it; but just trying to hit the balance! I hope that A does grow in a society where technology is embraced without giving up basic human interactions.
Speaking of shitty inconvenience—ever try nursing in the bathroom at Bass Pro? Better yet, have you ever had a baby wailing in his/her carseat and tried to maneuver your boob around so you could nurse without taking the little screamer out of the seat? And what the hell is the football hold? Who knew nursing and yoga were so much alike? I could have advertised my own personal Cirque Du Soleil show and sold tickets each day for about sixteen months collectively.
Testimonials are Valid
when the wrong man wanted to be with
And every other minute I wonder... what have I done? To my life? To my child? To my career?
I’m emotionally monotonic, monochromatic, and monotonous. The tinder’s damp and the spark’s not hot. My house ablaze is now a house abased.
*Titus LOVES the park and has recently become an extreme dare devil. He is not afraid to climb up anything! He can crawl all the way up the slide!!! I don't like to take him by myself, because I get too nervous! He needs someone at the top waiting for him! He's also learned how to climb up in my lap if I'm sitting on the couch. Not to cuddle, but to use the couch as a jungle gym. HE LOVES IT!
Sign Holders
Household Members: Name Age
Strange !
It was a DNC throwaway talking point during the W administration to talk about the Republican war on science, implying that because Republicans didn't want to vivisect school children, they were opposed to any sort of intellectual advancement.
I am the weeping willow
MALAYSIA, despite almost 55 years of nation-building, has degenerated into an intolerant and prejudiced society. Progress in education and economy has not made us think liberally and outwardly.
Pixies Broken face US
Traits: Literate, Swimming, Second Language (Spanish), Second Language (French), Officer Patron (Col. Lord Wintergreen), Educated, Cosmopolitan, Letter from London.
I read something the other day that compared a spanking to sex. More specifically it was on how tears to spanking was much the same as orgasm to sex. It was well written but I will just sum it up by saying they are seemingly closely related because in both cases your partner lovingly brings you to a certain release.
As shag was shagging the little ball, the rocker dog charged towards him and bared his teeth. Shag grinned, shagged and bounced off into the air!....
i'm happy to report it's still reddish orange.
My crock pot is a favorite cold weather cooking appliance. I'm not sure why I don't use it as much in the warm weather but I just don't seem to. But the versatility of it really can't be beat. At my house, we are big fans of Olive Garden soups. Chicken Gnocchi, Zuppa Di Toscana. Love them!! So, this soup was inspired by those soups.
Schlafly Summer Lager
I read this quote after my competitive rowing career had finished. Maybe I would not have understood it had I seen it when I was rowing anyway. Looking back on my days as an elite athlete, I think of how differently I would have approached many situations.
It's amazing how our brain works. There really is no green dot, and the pink ones really don't disappear. This should be proof enough, we don't always see what we think we see.
Brazil’s finance minister, Guido Mantega, should have been doing a victory dance around the IMF last weekend rather than threatening further capital controls, it seems.
Moving through the door, they were accosted by the sound of lound shrieking, and soon came to a small chamber where a four armed gargoyle had just awakened from stasis. It was angry. The room was mpty except for some chunks and debris of stone rubble over the floor. The gargoyle flew into the highest corner of the room, and prepared to dive bomb. He lashed out once with each of his claws as he made a circuit of the room to end back in the upper corner. Sharia however would stand for none of it, and she threw her skyrender axe, which has the abilty to knock flying creatures out of the sky. Her and the cleric Ria were both surprised to find the shards of rubble they were standing amongst animate and start stabbing into their ankles. The rubble looked like the crumbled remains of other gargoyles.
He creates a generic look across his photos with use of lighting and backdrops. In these ones he stretches our imagination of different situations that various celebrities could be in, Suiting each celebrity to different exaggerated poses and dramatic colors schemes. The photographs become funny and they each tell a very interesting 'story'.
In case you've been wondering where the heck I've been, the answer is: Florence and Amsterdam. I spent several glorious days in Florence, and then on to Amsterdam, which was also tremendous fun, but, thanks to a volcano in Iceland, I was there longer than expected. So I have been playing catch up, at home and work, but now I think I'm back on track.
700 D-IX/24/1975. “The Articles of Confederation.” Conference on the United States Constitution: A Bicentennial Consideration of Its Humanistic Roots and Contemporary Significance, Loraine County Community College, Norwalk, Ohio.
I just recently had my first couscous salad and, oh it was amazing. Couscous are small particles of semolina, like a tiny pasta. I've never been keen to try it since it seemed like something that would be bland, flavourless, uninteresting.... But when it's made with chicken broth and cheese, it can be so good.
But the sharp-eared kitties begin to scatter!
As I may have mentioned in previous posts, my father had a lot of anxiety through out his life and our childhood. At least that’s how I see it now. As a child, we feared him. He was an unreasonable ogre who required constant busyness from us. Living in the country, there was no lack of work to be done or created to keep us occupied. It seemed he could not tolerate idle children nor could he stand the sound of children laughing or playing. Even the stillness of homework or reading was a cue to him that a chore needed to be assigned. He didn’t dwell much on good grades but he did emphasis the importance of a clean house, manicured grounds and freshly chopped and stacked firewood.
and I thought how it may was
I thought the cards were suppose to be blank with no sentiment---, but I now believe I "thunk-ded" wrong and so I might add a Hello sentiment on the front to round it out before I send it off. Sometimes my thinker is just not thinker-ing!
Grooveline Horns
how about you? is there a connection between your wardrobe, and your decor? come out of the closet and let us know!
Is with my love for whom I care
4 :: This Mermaid Swim Party came through my blog feed via Kara's Party Ideas. I loved the use of the two fabric patterns on the table. My patterns were much more subtle, so you don't get quite the same look, but I loved it just the same.
Looking at catalogs and schedules for next year and have started planning. I want to get a couple of good kids magazines. What do you recommend? Have you started planning for school next year? What are your extra-curriculars going to be?
This is a severe setback for America’s policy of allowing free speech, a policy that has made our country perhaps the freest place in the world to utter unpopular views.
Finally, the episode ended with August reconnecting with his father in Storybrooke, and Emma’s fear took over, leading her to kidnap Henry and drive straight out of Storybrooke.
Back Broke is Glen singing just this side of a whisper along with Marketa’s impeccable piano and an almost Flamenco-ish guitar. The lyrics also come to a final admission and acceptance of what has happened. Perfect song to end the album with.
Donohue's book is narrated by both Julia and Anna, alternating chapters. Although initially I felt more connected to Anna, Julia's narration gave her character more depth and she was also easily likeable. This was a fast and fun read and a women's fiction book that is enjoyable and entertaining.
Lee and I feel so amazingly blessed and cannot wait to share our beautiful daughter with all of you! Thank you for sharing this journey and praying with us every step of the way.. We head out on a 6:20am flight on Tuesday morning and arrive home on Wednesday! I will be sure to post as soon as I get back into my crazy life with 6 kids!!!
So, in summary, I would not advise condemning Christmas as being all bad, but we should be careful not to fall into any of the traps which are commonly associated with Christmas either. Above all, whatever belief you might hold regarding Christmas as a holiday, take some time to contemplate how Christ humbled himself and took on flesh in a fragile human form, so that one day he might be broken for our sins. And then thank him for it.
I sponged around the edges with a darker pink ink then used the large white flower shaping tool, from the Flower Tool Kit, to shape each petal. Two of the petals were glued together as shown above. The picture shows the difference in just punched petals and those that you shape.
Gotta admit that even though I do consider myself an up 'n front Velvets fan I rarely play their legit albums anymore, or even a lot of their bootlegs for that matter. This is mainly because I don't want to become overly familiar with 'em even afte a good 30+ years of knowing these platters by heart, and besides the call hasn't been overcoming me as much as it did when I was a mere 18 and for some strange reason rock 'n' roll seemed to have a deeper, more invigorating meaning in my life than it even does now. When I do spin theVU it's (once again) the early stuff...or shall I say the real early surviving and downright experimental entries from their ESP "Noise" track of pure undistilled beauty or the CHELSEA GIRLS soundtrack where shards of neo-Asian tuning are performed to Ondine's maddening monologue. And not-so-surprisingly this particular platter, the first disque in the '95 Velvet Underground box set which gets way too much play as of late which isn't at all that strange. But as far as the early-EARLY Velvets go, these embryonic versions of the big hits of '66 affect me as much if not more than the original takes, showing a Angus Maclise-less act as they probably sounded back when they were still the Falling Spikes and Electrah Lobel was doing the guitar parts that Sterling Morrison would eventually make his mark with. Sparse, driving and downright intense, these acoustic demos only go to prove that Lou Reed and company didn't need electricity to make highly-charged sounds though when they did it sure helped!
As Imopup gathers her undead, dachsi mummy army and trys to take over the world (or get free snacks (preferably made of meat) anytime she wants...which is all the time (hey, did you notice the parenthesis within the parentheses? Imopup made me do it)) I hope you all have a blessed Christmas and a healthy New Year!
The pastry cream was a bit too soft so it oozed when sliced; next time I might make little tarts or figure out a way to make the cream more solid (cook it more?)
In this case it's another oak aged stout. And true to form it pours well, but I already can't stand the smell. It's an opaque black with brown highlights and a decent tan head. Smells like whisky (no 'e') though, not beer. Smells smoother than some American variants though, so maybe Scottish whisky really is better than American whiskey. I know a few Scots who proclaim this, but I hope they're not readers. (Of course they're not.)
The Call:
-Bones
She has so much coming up, (confirmation, orchestra trips, youth group, piano recital,) - all she really wants is for it all to be over and done with. I know that she is very much looking forward to some 'R&R' over summer break. (Me, too!)
Finally, I could see the finish line up ahead. I tried to dig deep and find just a little bit more oomph. I did see Jason on the sidelines with the camera but I think I must have surprised him as he didn't get any good photos of me.
… for we walk by faith, not by sight. 2 Corinthians 5:7
** Republished in Msgr. Delassus’ work “The Anti-Christian Conspiracy” by Desclee de Brouwer in 1910, Vol. III, pp. 1035-1092.
If you think you're progress is good, you plow forward.
He thought for a few minutes. Still using his angry clipped words he said sounding both flabbergasted and sarcastic:
But they're wrong.
Asket agreed that I had to avoid going to a certain city at a certain day and time, not too far from now.
Here are the pictures of the album but be sure to check out the video for a more in depth description of how I created this album.
Well 12 days after I signed the post nuptial she convinced me that to save my soul I had to divorce her.
Second, it is quite easy to definitively show that this whole Power Balance scheme is just a big, fat scam. Just take a look at how skeptic Richard Saunders and his crew at the SkepticZone demonstrate how the scam works…
Russell Stockard, California Lutheran University. Media Event Sequels: Katrina, Race, History, and Memory
Pampanga mayors seek presidential pardon for GMA;
A huge, huge missed opportunity to make the million dollar question “So who is coming down the pub?”, at the end I got my well thumbed copy of the book signed and Chris kindly wrote “apart from you” while Geoff wrote knowingly “ we told you so”.
Torrie
Yes, there is considerable ambiguity in the term ‘improper’ and I am therefore going to illustrate.
Oddly enough, I am LOVING spinning, but I am afraid of riding on the real road... I've heard too many stories and don't want to get hit or be run over... so, I only got in (2) 16-mile road rides before the 48 miles and was thinking it would take me around 5 hours to finish. I had a FANTASTIC ride and finished in 3:10... almost 2 HOURS FASTER THAN EXPECTED! I finished soooo early that I had time to go back to The Lot, get a shower and change before heading back to the finish line for the boys. 15.1 miles per hour average for me! WOOO HOOOO!
"If I don't have enough money to pay for my shoes, can you loan me some money?"
Comments: This is a free-form field, so you’re free to enter whatever you want.
Take this opportunity to experience some of the very best teaching Indian dance has to offer, meet new friends, and make memories that will last a lifetime!
Again, a fabulous committee worked behind the scenes for the past few months to make the project a reality. Kudos to them for sticking-it-out despite busy schedules with work and family, to bring an awesome community art experience to Lubec.
There are LOTS of good Chinese-themed books to read. We start out with the one below. It's great for explaining many different concepts in a simple way.
The conversation ended at around 9:30pm and was followed by a reception for all, which, like the private dinner, was catered by ISKCON devotees. There, audience members had an opportunity to meet Radhanath Swami and Dr. Cornel West, as well as to purchase their books at the University bookstore, which had been specially contracted to sell them.
Lieberman will keep his job, avoid elections, and get the opportunity to try to pass more laws he wants. But on the downside, the investigation(s) against him will now continue, and his influence has been severely diminished. We'll see if he can make a comeback out of this.
1 stalk of celery
Products used: Kasiercraft paint, paper, little girl card, Bo-Bunny paper, Scrap Sanity banns (loved using it) Manor flowers, Prima ink and flower.
6. Pop popcorn. Just because there is a microwave in the work area, doesn’t give you the right to warm up or cook just anything. Some foods emit offensive odors when cooked or warmed up - buttered popcorn is one of them. The more buttery it is, the more like vomit it smells, and if it burns, the odor is horrible and long-lasting. If you have a breakroom, pop it there, instead of in your workspace. The same goes for fish, cabbage, onions, and you get the picture.
The divorce will be final on February 7th and I will be going back to my maiden name. 2011 was a year for changes but I see a bright future for 2012.
Charred Grilled Seasonal Vegetables
By: Rachel Hauck
- “The best part of the book was the characters, who were well developed.”—Abigail, age 14
But we did.
Parents should consider building an investment portfolio for their kids to support the college years. If you already have a savings account, you can earn interest on the real estate investments. Most parents are hesitant to be in the real estate business especially if their children are still young. But this should not be the case; set long term goals and start real estate investing now. When you’re child is already older, you will still need to establish short term goals. By starting early, you can already learn so much from the market conditions.
Sat, 1pm: Score! I love my new Helmut Lang dress. Especially since it was half off.
5. Because I have the right to honest and good government I will seek out honest and just representatives when possible. If I cannot find one then I accept the responsibility to take that place.
_____they say beauty is on the inside...well someone needs to turn my ugly wife inside out
pickled onions, cheese, kabana, chocolates, marinated peppers,olives,corn relish dip, chocolate balls (my mums speciality lol)….
In a statement April 24, 2012, the UNWTO said both have “signed a memorandum of understanding to step up cooperation against this form of exploitation”.
And I’ve said many times before how there seems to be a media ban on even discussing the topic in Anchorage; though, Juneau’s media covered it in depth, and therefore had it removed.
Firstly, David invited Sam Brown to sing The Great Gig In The Sky, as she was in town that night to perform with Jools Holland and his Rhythm and Blues Orchestra, at the Trabendo. She performed during the 1st set, just after "The Blue", and probably left the Olympia just after the song, to fulfill her obligations with the Jools Holland band...
Dr Rock – Ween
- For congested babies, run the hottest shower you can, aim it low so there's a place for you and your baby to sit out of the direct water line, and close the shower curtain around the shower to contain the steam. Sit in the tub with the baby (or sit them in their baby tub) to help clear their sinuses.
I knew better than go with linen, but they stock that couch and it was going to be $1,000 cheaper
Barkay’s analysis seems cogent, though it would be good to get some better resolution images to make sure of it. Nothing, however, beats a personal inspection of an artefact, as 2D images can hide critical features (such as the extra letter on the Tel Dan Inscription). The letters בע could also be part of the theophoric element בעל (‘Baal’), perhaps as part of someone’s name. This is less likely, though, given the currently available images. What appears to be a long ‘written’ line along the left broken edge of the seal would seem to match the letter nûn (נ) better than lamed (ל).
Just because you can think of something worse you could have done, doesn't mean what you did was OK.The purpose of giving the extreme time-out is the same as that of spanking and using hot sauce... to make a child afraid. To scare her into submission. Fear is not a good thing for relationships. Why do parents think this is a good idea?
Right after she was born, she was doing great. Her vitals were strong, her temperature was good and she was eating well. But throughout the day on Tuesday she was having a hard time maintaining a normal temperature, which is quite common for smaller babies. They put her under the lamps a few times and we tried doing skin to skin for most of the day, but her temp was dropping into unsafe regions, so the docs deemed it best that she be put into an incubator in the NICU until she was able to maintain it on her own. When they came in to get her and take her down there, let me tell you, I was not a pretty site. I was extremely emotional as they rolled her away into the cold, dark unknown. OK, that may be a bit dramatic (especially because they were actually rolling her away to be put into the warm, cozy incubator), but when the nurses came to get her, that's exactly how it felt to this hormonal, postpartum mama . I was still under pretty tedious observation for my blood pressure because it was still very high, so I had to wait for them to take my vitals and give me the green light to be able to get up and go be with her. It felt very strange to be in one area of the hospital knowing that your baby was in another area, but once I was able to go and see her and be with her, then I think we adjusted to the change as best as we could.
Longoria and Falic Fashion Group (FFG) will premiere the actress’s second fragrance, EVAmour by Eva Longoria.
Still want to find an agent and get a book deal? Okay, write for yourself and write the best book you can. In order to do that, join SCBWI, find a good critique group, learn to re-write and develop a very thick skin for rejection.
And now this blog is going to give me the opportunity to read them and discuss them in the entirely innocent, raw way that I intend.
I run back upstairs and peek into the bedrooms. It’s dark, its quiet. Slowly I walk to the French doors, I part them slowly expecting to see something. It’s nothing.
I did something wrong…once.
I log into Blogger today and find that there is this new "marriage" and I was asked if I wanted to upgrade now. Like Facebook forcing the new tineline feature on it's users I was told that Blogger was going to upgrade to the new look in April whether I opted in or not. So I made the change. I'm OK with the new interface. I like seeing the page counter on my list of posts. I can be competitive at times so things like page views fuel that competitive fire at times.
5. Be My Friend
I pray that is your choice. And I pray that if you have already accepted this wondrous gift that you will join me in telling others of this extravagant gift. Because the gift of Jesus is far more precious than any other gift you could give your children, your relatives, your neighbors or your friends, and it is for sure more precious than any Go Go doll could ever be, no matter if she is 3 ft tall!
You know that out of the 6 of us only 2 do mornings well. We tried to go to bed earlier but it didn't work. I only slept from 3-6am, I just can't sleep when I know I have to get up early.
- Move to Kenya in October!
Her damn estrogen could just calm the hell down. He might have kissed her, and she might have tingled for hours over it, but that was as far as it was ever going to go. He was sports and that meant no.
No, we kill them all.
But this wasn’t a clean rescue operation; these kids were doing something painful, something hard. And I was the one to lead them into it. I wish I could tell you I was thinking something heroic, or maybe fatherly, right then, but we Farmers are engineered to be honest. Anything else ruins the “rural charm” or some such “ideal factor” for the work, so I gotta tell you the truth. What I was really thinking was, “Well, crap.” I was also wondering about how that other me got so slick – what was he engineered to be? Or was he engineered at all?
There are myriad accounts in the Gospels of Jesus talking with and ministering to people while sharing a meal with them. Food is central to survival, and storing up extra food not just for yourself but also to share with others can create opportunities for you to help feed them both physically and spiritually. You can invite people in for a meal and in the process you can find out what is going on in their lives and share both in words and in actions what the Lord is doing in your life. If they are struggling spiritually, you can offer words of encouragement to them as the Lord strengthens you. If they are struggling to keep food on the table, you can likewise help them from the bounty you are stocking up, doing so anonymously and secretly. There are probably many among us who at times have left much-needed gifts for others outside their door in the middle of the night, following the Lord's admonition in Matthew 6:1-4 to do such things secretly, known only to us and Him. But it's kind of hard to help feed other people if you don't have extra food!
317 I come, I come! prepare your roseate bow'rs,
George Lazenby
I can’t wait to spend a chunk out of my day off from work today with the PT. At least I know where to find her. If she does decide, in fact, to show up.
This achieved, I felt quite justified, because at the time, the Burg was only just pushing 71, and could actually wear and benefit from said chest piece! If I recall rightly, she wore it right up to 74. I had judiciously meted out 120 meds from my growing store, and still had a very satisfying pile left to sit on.
50. Invite people over more often.
The newspapers have been full of prisoner votes, ‘perverts’ (The Sun, Daily Mail et al) being allowed to come off the sex offender register and now, to inflame the blazer wearers of middle England, the outrage of leading murderers and rapists using the ‘hated European Human Rights laws’ to get benefits while in prison. Carl Gardner, author of The Head of Legal blog brings analysis to the fore with his question and blog post… Have lawyers really “cleared” the government to defy Strasbourg over prisoners’ votes?
Thing is, when I landed on this miserable rock, there were only 4.5 billion humans on Earth. I had everything staked out - I was gonna conquer America, penetrate the Bermuda Triange, play speed garage on the Great Wall of China! Even a youthful Howard Jones reckoned he could raise £500 for Help The Aged by shaking everybody in the world's hand and getting to know them better. Everyone could find a seat on the tube. There were 2.5 billion less people and, by dint, 2.5 billion less irritating tossers fouling up the air.
too lovely, don't you think?
The gooey sticky filling was divine, faintly coarse from the nuts, creamy from the divine chestnut puree (I adore this stuff) and the cinnamon and sultanas adding little burst of fruity stickiness when bitten into. It tasted a bit like the filling for a praline chocolate, just fabulous! The small amount of cocoa didn’t add much to the flavour, but ensured a dark filling, helping to create the striking swirl effect within each slice.
"In this aspect, as in all his comedies," notes Segal, "Steve brings a measure of humanity into play so that you genuinely feel for him. His Max is a man who sees this opportunity as his final shot, and that fuels a lot of his decisions and the subsequent action."
Overall, the idea behind the novel was good, but Dawes takes a very long time getting to the meat of the story. Some readers may really like this slower pacing, but I am in-between. Too fast and little development leaves me yearning for more, but too slow and too much development leaves me a tad bored. This novel lends itself to those looking for a good vampire story that slowly develops its characters over the years within the novel. Two and a half stars.
Not going to go into details, but there was a person I'd made a decision about. Based on a few things, I viewed them a certain way, put them in a certain box.
Fire Twirling & Fire Play
11. Percy Fired – music by David Matthews
In psychology this week, we’ve been talking a lot about how we learn: intuition, personal experience, reason, and the scientific method. In psychology, science is, of course, the most important (who would take medication that ‘felt right’ or try some pill a friend whipped up in their kitchen and recommended saying ‘it cured my cancer’), but in writing, it’s the opposite.
What happens now? The winners of the BiBs are decided by judges, so the public have no further input. For the MAD awards, readers are invited to vote again to decide who should win in each category. If you would like to vote, click here.
Tim Holtz Game Spinners
Depression and suicide is the hardest things for me to think about it. The thought of losing anyone because it has been driven in their head that they are worthless or in a situation that they feel is inescapable really takes a tole on me emotionally.
In the Greek myth of Pandora, “hope” is the final force left in the box of plagues that is unleashed upon humankind. And while hope is often the only thing one has left, I think that some people seem to ignore the fact that it was still one of the things in the box of plagues. Hope is not a bad plague with which to be plagued, certainly–I’m sure we all prefer it to famine and dysentery, for example–it can still be a harsh and fickle mistress, if not an entirely false one. In the Findhorn Community, when the various Angels that they recognize were being brainstormed and added to a list, Hope was one that was eventually rejected, because of the possibility that Hope can be false, whereas many of the other angels they recognized (Play, Strength, Peace, etc.) are “goods in themselves,” and things that tend to be positive. Of course, some may criticize the “new age” emphasis on only good things implied in this schema, and yet, there is a lesson to be learned in all of this. If it is possible for Hope to betray someone, isn’t that a violation of Fides? And yet again, Fortuna and Tyche are goddesses as much as any other, and their favor is not always guaranteed either.
You’ve probably heard of “reason why” advertising—a phrase I believe comes from John E Kennedy, though I learned it from Drayton Bird. As human beings, we crave order. We want to know why something is the way it is, what caused something to happen. And we crave it particularly in our own lives.
My family is well aware of the fact that I am obsessed with pears. Followers of this blog may have noticed that this yummy and shapely fruit has shown up in more than one recipe I have posted. But if you walked into my home and gazed upon my walls, you would know that my admiration for the pear goes beyond cooking.
TRIVIAL PURSUIT: The opening weekend box office of $10.2 million was the most ever for a nature documentary.
Is only hindered by preconception
* And many more...
Then it occurred to me that a common theme in all those meals was the salad. There was always a salad of some sort, served on a moon shaped plate. We never had the same salad twice, I'm pretty sure, but the point of them was always the same: to provide a crunchy, fresh, almost discreet relief from the fireworks in the main, round, plates. Like the clowns in the circus, coming between the high wire acts.
Time management
+1’s
Roll the dough into balls about 1" in diameter. I used a 1/2 teaspoon measuring spoon to scoop the dough as I was rolling my cookies, and that seemed to work pretty well.
When an individual goes on a Walkabout, it is different for different people. It can be a walk to where they originated or a walk to where they are part of the land (and the land part of them) - a place of 'Sacred Belongingness.'
So, I just found out today that March is National Crochet Month. It’s not very often I pick up the hook, and when I do, it’s usually because I need more potholders. But I think it’s time I actually make something to wear, that I can finish during this month (which rules out the 40″ x 40″ bathroom rug I need to make, for which I bought yarn two years ago). So here are my two choices:
They were quenched like a fire of thorns;
Today's only fixed plan was to be at the Comédie tram-stop at 12:30, to meet Peter and another guy for lunch. This was, as usual, something to look forward to. Peter is something of a phenomenon, having been semi-retired in a village about 40 minutes north of Montpellier as the Peugeot flies, and using the other half of the semi to set up The Languedoc Page some years back. As you can see, it's a huge compendium of facts and links, including a very useful forum, all in English, all dedicated to this part of France. He's constantly networking, constantly making it better, and that's why he was putting me together with a guy who's just started some magazines in English, each dedicated to a different department within this region. (Departments are sort of like counties).
In today's world of hectic schedules and appointments, we are always in a hustle, as are our children!! We whisk them off to school, then to practices and church and whatever else is on the appointment book that day that we often forget that they too need a way to manage their time.
What would have happened to the economy with Wall Street and the financial district destroyed and congress dead? What would have happened to the military with its leadership dead? What would have happened throughout the country with Wall Street destroyed, the military command obliterated and no federal government to put things back together?
Sahm was a child prodigy -- a pop-music Mozart who began performing at age six and released his first record when he was 11. He was on stage with Hank Williams, Sr., in Austin, Texas, on December 19, 1952. It was Williams's last performance -- he died in the back seat of a car on New Year's Eve.
I brought this cake to a party and it was an instant hit! Everyone thought it was super delicious and I got a ton of compliments. This cake really is pretty unique- both in terms of the texture and the flavors. It's not something that you get to taste everyday!
Comet Stainless Steel Item $0.75/1
Montana was so pleased with her efforts that she promptly sat down and ate several… in a row.
Italian prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi is remaining low key on his 75 birthday amid allegations that he had orgies and paid a 17 year old for sex. MSNBC will air the video on "To Catch a Prime Minister."
Elle Casey, draws her inspiration from a multitude of sources. The strong, female protagonist, Jayne Sparks, has been widely recognized as an exceptional lead. One reviewer wrote. “She has become my favorite book heroin bumping Sookie Stackhouse, Claire Danvers, Katniss Everdeen, Meredith Gentry and Anita Blake.”
The adverts were due to start running last week on London buses. The slogan, “Not gay! Ex-gay, post-gay and proud. Get over it!”, was a response to an ongoing bus advertising campaign being run by the gay rights group Stonewall which states: “Some people are gay. Get over it.” Within two hours of the Guardian revealing that the ads had been booked, they were cancelled by Johnson, who said: “It is clearly offensive to suggest that being gay is an illness that someone recovers from and I am not prepared to have that suggestion driven around London on our buses.” His rivals in the campaign to become the next London mayor, Ken Livingstone and Brian Paddick, also condemned the adverts.
And ocean and earth are bathed in white,
When God rescues you, you must carry my body with you from this place.” (Exodus 13:19)
- Small businesses can get a tax credit if they offer health care
"The biggest drops were nights spent by French and Spanish visitors, 16 and 25 percent, respectively, which make up the bulk of Morocco's tourists.
How would you describe Grayceon's music to someone that hasn't heard it?
Three cups of tea and a coffee to keep me marking and I’m all done. yay.
“When it happened it was my first year as head coach,” says Steve. “When I first saw him in the hospital, he had lost four pints of blood, then four more the next time. I realized if people hadn’t given blood, he wouldn’t be here.”
“I really do feel it’s time for our medium to grow up…
The end of Reconstruction (1865-1877) was the beginning of nearly one hundred years of government-sanctioned racism under the misleading label of “separate but equal.” “Uppity negroes” were kept in place by economic intimidation and violence —beatings, lynchings, cross burnings, and race riots.
I read the few books I have. They’re boring, but it’s better than being alone with my own thoughts. I’ve had enough of that lately. In the evening, Josie knocks on the door and I invite her in. She’s come to check on me, under the presumption of reporting on the house. My leg is propped up on the other chair, because it hurts slightly less that way. It itches just as much though. She looks at it and frowns. She asks if it hurts, and how long it’ll take to heal. Yes, it does, and I don’t know. The bite on my neck and shoulder is nearly gone though, I don’t have to wear the scarf anymore.
I realize this is turning into a dog blog. I didn't intend that, but dogs (and cats) have kind of taken over my life during the past year.
Servers make $2.63 and hour. On top of that we have to share our tips with runners, bartenders, bussers, etc. When you screw us you are screwing a whole lot of people. If you don't want to leave a tip when you go out to eat then go to McDonalds.
On the beer front I opted for a few lower priced bottles as I had just blown my budget on the afforementioned bottles. I did grab some Weihenstephaner VITUS and Kristalweizen. These are 2 of my favorite beers of all time. While usually 3 bucks these ran 2.50 and are case worthy in my opinion.
It's been one of those weekends- a slipper wearing, pony-tail sporting, get things accomplished type of weekend. With the weather taking a cold turn and the skies a messy soup of gray, gray-er, and black, I've had motivation to stay put, enjoy my surrounding, spend time with my little family, and tackle a few homemaker-ish types of responsibilities.
Jimmy Ray Dupree tracks said deer to the property of Tough Tony Titwiler.
- Rosie
The social self is also one of the main vehicles of magic. I wrote two weeks ago about the extent to which human social interactions are mediated by nonverbal and nonrational communication—body language, gesture, vocal tone, facial expression, and all the other communicative methods we have in common with our mammal relatives. These are the channels of communication through which people fall in love, make friends and enemies, establish their place in social hierarchies, claim a larger or smaller share of whatever resources are to hand: all the things that baboons and beavers and the rest of our nonhuman kin do with comparable signals sent through comparable channels. Baby baboons and beavers pick up facility in this language in their early years, and no doubt absorb all kinds of lessons about their social and physical environment through the same means; so do we.
Dr. Moore attached a small tube of colorless gas to the side valve on the gas cylinder, and opened the glass stop-cock on it. A hiss of escaping gas under pressure, and the professor removed the emptied tube.
You see, our guide was happy to accompany us on our tour–he was a very nice man–but his mind was really on the bottom line–any money that we spent, from what we had given him, was profit lost.
A Rough Translation … “We Are All In The Shit” … Run For Your Lives!
"O-O-K, d-do I- n-n-need to bringa- anytthing?"
Similarly, the candlestick maker could have offered “IOU candlesticks” directly to the baker. Again, the transaction could only be successful if the baker actually baked bread that he did not consume himself and was therefore able to loan his savings to the candlestick maker. Since he loaned his bread to the candlestick maker, he no longer has that bread himself to trade for steak.
Nowhere is soccer more passionately embraced than at the World Cup, and Grassroots Soccer is going for the gold there, too – with 48 Skillz Holiday Programs designed to keep 5,000 kids safe and occupied during the 6-week extended holiday in South Africa, and Grassroots Soccer teams from South Africa, Zimbabwe and Zambia playing in the Football for Hope Festival held between the semi-finals and finals, July 3-10.
Woot! Alex Varty has written an article about Couloir, who are playing on the final concert of David Pay’s Modulus Festival! Oh, I suppose I should point out that I have a new piece of music on this program, called Three Medititations on Light. One of them is Bioluminescence (a strange and beautiful phenomenon, though difficult to spell…)
Carrying the pain inside
A loud reproach to his stone-deaf father
Mayall and Edmondson play Richie and Eddie, proprietors of possibly the worst hotel in the world, a scenario that lends itself well to the kind of chaos that has been their fertile ground for the best part of their careers.
Now, arghhhh. Semi-pain. I hope it goes away, I have places to go tomorrow.
*Wash wearable clothes, as I now have nowt that I could go visiting in.
Rita, if you're reading (which I'm sure you're not--I'll send you a nice little email instead) I know that you are way cooler and smarter than me. It just so happens that we came up with a similar looking quilt at about the same time. Go figure! By the way, I love your work!!
After 15 months of trying for our second we were finally blessed in May of 2009 with our second little girl. Through my whole pregnancy I stressed about being able to BF and when "B" was born it came super easy. She latched on right away no issues whatsoever. I loved it. She was a good eater and definitely loved BFing. Unfortunately with "B" I had to go back to work. I stressed about that, I hated thinking she was going to have to get a bottle. She had gone 2 whole months without it. "B" transitioned fine back and forth from bottle to breast. I bought the highest recommended pump and off I went back to work. Working for a popular baby retail store I thought I would easily be able to pump. Unfortunately my job wasn't that good about giving me my breaks to pump and I started to stress. My supply was going down and "B" had gotten her first formula bottle at 5 months. I felt like I was failing. I thought I have to get her to at least 6 months. I was so stressed at work that it caused me to have to start combo feeding. During that same time I got extremely sick. My supply went down to "B" getting maybe 4 oz a day from me and the rest was formula. I called my LC and asked her what I could do and she told me to get on fenugreek. It helped me get my supply back up a bit but not enough to not combo feed. At 8 months "B" got some teeth in and started biting me. Not being at home and not knowing how to get her to stop biting I stopped BFing and exclusively pumped. Unfortunately for me I didn't succeed because of my job not supporting me. It got in the way of me properly feeding my child and at 8 almost 9 months "B" got the last of my mommy milk and was FF until she turned one.
“An Arabic dictionary,” she said, holding it up. This didn’t phase the other official, who continued to spy beneath the the carpeted seats of my Escort.
The best dish that everyone loved was vichyssoise. So I’m providing a copy here in case you want to try it. I’m probably breaking some copyright laws so I will cover my butt by telling you to go out and buy the book if you like the look of it. (And Alli – each meal has measurements for 2, 6, 20, or 75 people so may be useful for work!)
OK-OK CULTURE IS BASED ON FAMILY ♥ OK-OKHANA means family in an extended sense of the term including blood-brotherhood/sisterhood of individual of runners. It emphasizes that family are bound together and members must cooperate and remember one another.
Meg shook her head emphatically. “We’ll keep a lookout while we dig it up. We have to see what it is.”
The rocking chair sits still and empty. I lean against the doorframe and promise myself I’ll give it a fresh coat of paint one of these days. I make this promise every evening, just as darkness descends over another day.
There are some people who will feel sorry for Tera or Tericka, but a lot of readers are saying, “you make your bed, you lie in it.” Hopefully, this young lady finds some redemption soon. If not, she could always go back to her first love. This story is by far the fastest growing story.
-Local jails usually have programs where they teach inmates horticulture and then sell the plants at a super low price.
Now for me this is a first...as i have actually done VIDEO...It was the only way to really show you!
I still say Theatre Ten Ten did a good thing in reviving the play. Theatre is supposed to make us think and debate, and this is the very sort of play that forces the issue. Furthermore, they excel in their production, by doing what they do best. At a formal level, they do justice to the material. Director David Fuller has given the production a stark, Brechtian reality: no set, a staging in the round, a single piano player for accompianament who does double duty reading the stage directions. The cast are all gung ho in their parts. Stand-outs include Josh Powell, a kinetic performer and great singer who brings the agitator Larry Foreman to life; and Tessa Faye who relishes her role as Mrs. Mister, the seductive philanthropic manipulator of churchmen and artists alike, a character New Yorkers will recognize only too well. These and their castmates do their utmost to make the show soar in the few spots where Blitzstein the composer allows himself to inject a playful note into the didactic proceedings. If the cradle rocks at all here it is due to their efforts much more than the rather limited author’s.
Speaking of Haiku Monday ..... The theme was SMOKE and Chicory is the winner ....
My desire to make my way to my shelter is offset by apathy and I drift off to a restless sleep. The screams I heard worried me, but in dreams screams mean nothing. They are phantoms of real thoughts, actions, doubts and fears.
All in all it´s a fantastic album rooted in the whole American Music Underground culture from the 50´s and up to this day. An evergoing party. It´s good for you.”
the history of dead kings, perhaps,
To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you, I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world…
Sarah Palin has a mental health problem, yes, but it is not what everyone thinks. Psychopathy is not considered a mental illness. The peculiarities about the speech of psychopaths and their inability to remember the massive lies they tell, along with the way they try to fake they are experts (such as a foreign policy expert) and make lots of odd mistakes make them look like they have a mental illness or dementia.
(Sometimes I think I am too depressed to carry on a relationship. Too depressed to write him properly while he was gone, too depressed to try to start over like wanted, too depressed to try to impress him (like he suggested we do). My mom said that perhaps this depression is a blessing.)
We will hear more of this, more leading members of the government will start expressing doubts over past immigration policy and be in no doubt, the Conservatives will follow suit, in fact we might even here similar rumblings from the Lib Dems if they get desperate enough, However, that is all it is, desperation. They do not mean it, it is a lie which they have absolutely no intention of carrying forward. Their sole purpose is to deceive the public.
"Welcome to Paradise". Actually we have seen it several
Synopsis: Sarah is a young girl that takes most things in life for granted. She hates her stepmother, she hates her baby step brother Toby, basically she hates her life. She wishes everything could be like in the fantasy books she’s always reading. One day, when her baby brother was being particularly cruel to her, she says the right magic words that make Jareth, The Goblin King and his goblins appear. They’ve come to take the baby away just like she asked. Of course, she really didn’t mean it, she was just venting steam. But as Jareth tells her “what’s said is said”. Thankfullly, not everything is bad news, The Goblin King gives Sarah a chance! All she has to do is reach the castle at the center of the labyrinth before the clock strikes 13, or her baby brother becomes a gobbling forever! Such a pity…
The Hardness In A Hoarder’s Life
Another thing to do would be change what happens at the final choice. Instead of making it all the same scene with the difference being whether the Reapers leave or fall over and what light is fired, give us more detailed more thought out endings. Show us what is happening to our favorite and least favorite squad mates. Show Kasumi stealing something from someone, or Jack paying for her student’s tattoos at a parlor. Show us Liara or Ashely doing their duties – and if you romanced them, show them pregnant. Give us an idea of what is happening over the past few months after the Reaper invasion.
The Forest of Hands and Teeth, like any good horror movie (or Buffy), uses the threat (here, zombies) as a metaphor. Mary wrestles with questions about life and love, about asking questions or staying happy with the status quo of her life. The walking dead represent both Mary's fears and her limited choices.
We have an opportunity to build on the extraordinary courage of people in our own country in the Occupy Movement and in the Arab world engaged in nonviolent resistance demanding freedom and justice. How can Ithaca strengthen the Occupy movement and ensure that America is on the side of those in the streets of America and the Arab world demanding justice?
and another
2. Simple in design regardless of the number of embellishments or how long it takes to color, stitch or to use a special technique. OR
Wow! Forever 21 now offers maternity clothing! Lots of cute tops, stretchy pants and leggings, and (baby?) bags! I cant wait to be that lady by the way. Im playing the lottery now.. if I win..BAREFOOT AND PREGNANT HERE I COME! :D
Living Headstones
She’s just one of the guests who can’t come because of cosmic impossibilities. My next youngest sibling died the year before she did, and her grief at his dying helped bring on her own death. And then there’s my life mate. I doubt he would have come (he couldn’t the last time because of his own illness), but it saddens me that he doesn’t have the choice. Makes me even sadder that after the holiday, I won’t be going home to him.
And what's fabulous about Sweet 'n Sassy this week? They are having a 40% off sale on their entire store! Now is the time to purchase these wonderful stamps!! But hurry, the sale ends on the 25th of April!
Didn't you see that tidbit in my bio? Go ahead, ask me a question about guano! Any question!
5. Don’t let insecurity hinder your growth by boxing in your friendships to only include surface emotional appeasement
Study results were similar when subjects were shown information and queried about other matters that acknowledge “scientific consensus.” Subjects were much more likely to see a scientist with elite credentials as an “expert” when he or she took a position that matched the subjects’ own cultural values on risks of nuclear waste disposal and laws permitting citizens to carry concealed guns in public.
Cooking the rack was super easy. You could follow any rack of lamb recipe, but I found I underestimated on oven time. First I cut the rack in two, then sealed both pieces on all sides with some butter and oil in a pan. Then I popped them both into a hot oven (220C) for 17 minutes. Because the layer of fat on the rack was so thick, the mutton turned out very rare, so when it came to carving the rack I popped each cutlet into the pan for a few seconds each side.
Sift flour and baking powder together.
I suspect the stove is a 1950's (or so) model. It has a knob turning on the back splash light instead of the earlier pull chain.
just is not adequate. Walking half a block from parking spots to stores is beyond the catchment areas for cycling shopping. Some retailers understand marketing and how to attract cycling customers, considering that they have disposable money not spent on maintaining and operating cars. These merchants even offer bike parking inside stores. In larger shopping areas where visits to multiple of stores on a shopping trip is common, electronic, trip rental lockers or secure bike cages and corralled parking with restricted or attended access give higher level of comfort to cyclists that bicycles and shopping will still be there when one returns.
*please note that said music teacher is no longer teaching in our district and that our current music staff is fantastically gifted and appreciative or dreamers and silly hearts. Especially on an elementary level.
I'm skeptical about a lot the claims made for the general health benefits of massage. For the same outlay of time, spent on exercise, naps, and hot baths, I've argued – not to mention a lot less money – you can get the same or better results in lowering your blood pressure, reducing your stress, and improving your circulation. Massage does these things, it just doesn't do a very important amount of them. And its benefits are transient.
As with much of Ulster military history there is heavy emphasis on the sacrifices the Inniskillings made on the Western Front and other theatres of the First World War. These include the struggle against the Ottoman Empire in Palestine and in particular the heroism of one Donegal Duffy from Gweedore who won a Victoria Cross for refusing to leave wounded men to die on the battlefield. Time and time again Duffy risked his own life to recover his injured comrades and carry them often on his own to safety. This was the final leg of a three day trip to Fermanagh and it turned out to be the most poignant. Why? Because only recently did I discover that my great grandfather on my mother’s side of the family was killed at the Battle of the Somme in 1916. Great Granddad Tommy Stewart’s death on the western front was all the more poignant because my mother and her siblings were brought up Catholics on the other side of the line from where Tommy grew up. He was a Shankill Road Protestant but his daughter Florence married a Catholic and moved with him to the republican Lower Falls. Such is the way our roots are tangled up, our ancestral ties complex.
You’re supposed to be bringing a nice quality wine with you and you want to wrap it up in a brown paper bag? What are you, a wino? A good wine deserves a bit more respect than a brown bag, especially since that bag won’t keep the bottle chilled or protected. And hey, don’t even think about using your beer cooler. If you don’t have one, then buy a small insulated bag that you can keep tuck under the table while you eat.
It wasn’t until this week that the CPA worked up tentative tax figures for last year and gave Diana the estimate of taxes owed. For me as an individual, owing $1,000+ in taxes at the end of the year is upsetting. Diana’s upset level is higher at maybe $6,000. As a partnership our tax rate is 28%, more or less, and the taxes owed are considerably higher than $6,000. We had a good year, but we aren’t GM or GE or Apple. Diana got the news while she was at the office alone. When I came back from the jobs, she told me the estimated tax in a whisper. “Could this be right? Could we owe this much money?” (It was and we did.)
A rainy weekend is usually pretty quiet around here anyway. A big night in at the Fibro generally constitutes a good meal, good wine and some crap television. The Bill, for instance, simply doesn’t have as much going for it without a slight haze behind the eyeballs and some goodwill softening the brain. But ‘Smiffy’ was still there, so all was right with the world. I am strangely attracted to Smiffy. But that’s a long conversation that would require several glasses of red to explain, so we can’t go there now.
I want to personally thank EVERYONE that shared their pee story. It means a lot to know I'm not totally alone in this :)
Roland Crandall
d. Destroyed it!
Today, I went to the grocery store and had a good ol' fashioned "ugly cry" in the cereal aisle. I am no stranger to crying in grocery stores. Or cereal aisles. The only difference this time was that you were not with me. Do you remember, Stacy? Crying together in front of neatly shelved Cocoa Puffs?
Item two…Gaines can say mama. Yep. He’s 22 months old and FINALLY says mama. I was starting to worry that he physically couldn’t make the M sound, but he can. I came home from being out of town for a couple of days and Beau told me about it. He “forgot” to call me the second that he said it but I won’t hold it against him. Now, another disclaimer, right now he just repeats the word as in, he doesn’t use the word “mama” in reference to the person who spent 6 weeks laying in a hospital bed, 4 months in a city 1200 miles away from everything she knew, countless hours at his bedside praying and watching and hoping; thousands of dollars living in a foreign city, paying for a nanny, medicines and doctors appointments; hundreds of days cleaning up the effects of his reflux, countless wet cat wrestling matches while trying to feed his tiny self, doing leg stretches after leg stretches after leg stretches and about 22 months worrying about how he’s going to turn out…but that’s ok…we’ll get there.
True story. Embarrassment is a good portion of my everyday life. So, though my face was beet red, I am thankful that my boss, good guy that he is, pretended not to hear.
Directed by one of France most eclectic and prolific filmmakers, ROMAN DE GARE weaves a carefully constructed web of deceit where nothing and no one is what appears to be.
Since my camera didn’t work, I have no picture for you. But here’s Mel, the super-cute mascot.
I managed to struggle through ninth and tenth grade, until eleventh grade when I just basically gave up again, as I did in my original ninth grade. None of my teachers were actually trying to help me, so I was skipping classes and getting after-school detention and in-school suspensions. After one too many missed classes, my mother finally did the one thing that I will consistently be thankful for from her: she filed the paperwork to officially withdraw me from school, nearly age seventeen.
Length: 25:44
Now, after a decade of struggle to learn the craft of writing, Ken has become the publishing world's latest overnight sensation.
He couldn't help himself. "Not always." Though he made a deliberate effort to un-hunch his shoulders and walk straight, he knew he sounded sullen.
this is the back of the wall decorated already . This is the decor for the downstairs passage way and entrance to the living quarters. I chose lovely muted green william morris paper from Sid Cooke .The striped paper is also used in the tiny passageway at the other side of the house.
So imagine my delight, this evening, when my wife presented me with a surprise gift - a waterproof notebook. It can be written in using pen or pencil and it will survive any soaking. Brilliant!
The other day at quilt group the conversation turned to the current rash of reality cooking shows, where people try to put on a good meal but are eliminated week by week. Now I don't know how you all feel, but I find shows like that are nasty; they are not about the recipes and cooking, but more about "who can we get rid of this week? If we chuck off so-and-so we might lose viewers because they are on the side of the poor dear, but on the other hand we can't chuck off those two nice young blokes because they give the females in our audience something to watch and we don't want to lose our female audience" etc. As you may have gathered if you have read this far - I don't watch them. Give me a good murder/mystery story any day, I don't mind a bit of gore. To judge by the murder rate there can't be many people left alive now in some of those little English villages, can there?
The robed figures were dispersing, some staying behind to exchange pleasantries. The manager was approaching Michal with a clipboard. “Sign and date here and here please. Terms and cons.”
Fri 10/31 New Orleans, LA House of Blues
Other: Stickles- stardust and picket fence,
As promised, I’ll be sharing some photos from my little work trip to Los Angeles. I will apologize in advance as I realize most of you will find fire escapes and yet another sky scraper quite boring. But for this girl from a town that has only one tall building, it was a pretty awesome sight!
But not all development is good. Even the best plans and intentions can have adverse social and environmental impacts – and yes, development can even result in adverse economic consequences for the country.
I've been told that children who use rice-filled heating pads love them. The warmth of a heating pad can soothe a child's achy muscles or ease the pain of a stomach ache. It can keep a child warm on a cold night, and it can even be used to gently warm up a baby's crib before he goes to bed. (Remove the heating pad before the baby is placed in the crib, and always check the mattress temperature.) I'm certain a rice filled heating pad is not nearly as good as being held by a loving grandparent, but hopefully having their very own "Love Birds" will remind them that they are loved!
They also paid tribute to some bands that actually deserve it, but these "tributes" are more "defamation/defecation" than tribute...
I watched President Obama’s short speech from Kabul, Afghanistan yesterday evening and it made me sad. I was expecting good news, and when the president said he was going to tell us how we will complete the mission and end the war in Afghanistan, I got excited because this is what I’d been waiting for. I’ve been waiting for the time when all the soldiers overseas finally come home to their families and no longer have to risk their lives. I’ve been waiting for this news for over a decade and I sat up in anticipation but I didn’t really get too much. It seems that while almost all of our troops will be home by 2014, which is a good thing, it looks like a number of troops will still be in Afghanistan for another 10 years, until 2024, as part of the new Strategic Partnership Agreement acting as military trainers and conducting counter-terrorism operations. Maybe that’s necessary, there are smarter people than me deciding this stuff, but I just wanted to hear that all Americans would be home by the end of 2014.
Simonsen CR, Røge R, Christiansen U, Larsen T, Bonde JP. Effects of paternal blood lead levels on offspring sex ratio. Letter to the Editor. Reprod Toxicol 2006 xxx–xxx.
Admittedly, doing a placement year can be financially difficult for some students. You are still required to pay a reduced fee rate to the university during your placement year, however, you will remain registered as a full time student which entitles you to exemptions and a student card (5% discount on Amazon – woohoo!)
O LORD! Fill me with the knowledge of Your Will, with all the wisdom and understanding that Your Spirit gives! Amen!
Well, I'm almost packed - just a few more projects before I leave tomorrow morning. If you are attending CHA, please visit and say HELLO! at Spellbinders Paper Arts - Booth #1883.
Congratulations to UKIP for putting country before party by not running against MP's of similar conviction who wish to see the people of the UK be granted a referendum on EU membership.
So, when I got home tonight and found Harley Rotbart’s piece, Just Parent, No Philosophy Required, I took a deep breath and patted myself on the back. We all have different parenting styles. I am not going to shake my head at the mom who refuses to allow her kids to climb trees because maybe she had an awful experience of falling when she was little or witnessed another child have an awful experience or maybe she just gets anxious about it and doesn’t want to be sick to her stomach as they climb. Who knows why she is prohibiting it but at least she is at the park with them allowing them fresh air and swings and slides. And I am not going to poo-poo the fruit mom who refuses to put one unnatural food in her childrens’ bodies. Maybe she had a parent die from cancer or maybe she is a dietician (my mom used to be a dietician but I think I rebelled completely). I am trying so hard to not judge people – even when they may be judging me until the cows come home. Because in the end, all three of us moms tonight were there for our kids in the park – in the metaphorical bleachers cheering them on – and that is all that matters.
Recorded in 1959
I started this blog post a few days ago, and subsequently changed my mind about publisihing it, for the simple reason that if I continued to write it I’d lose my temper and do something silly. Adorning the top of this post you will see two images. Look VERY closely at them for they are documented proof that freedom of speech and expression in this country is not only dead, it’s decomposing and leaving a stinking, rotting stench behind. A stench which I fear is spreading, rather fucking quickly. Let alone the lack of any sort of legitimate justice.
Bennett: Before the end of the day, I would like to see this nasty cold I have go away! Here in VA, the temperature changes are so ridiculous and my body just cant handle it so I have been sick as a dog for the past few days. Today has been the worst by far haha.
Volksblad reported on 13 April 2012 that the outcome of this case is going to surprise people – The Afrikaans headline reads: “Steenkamp-moorde: ‘Uitslag sal verras’. This type of sensationalism, coming from a Naspers newspaper, doesn’t surprise me in the least. In fact, it is a menacing forewarning that their target audience (Afrikaans-speaking Christians) are going to be shocked out of their wits. The suspense has now been further aggravated by the announcement that the SA Police refuse to provide any further details about the case.
The Man Comes Around – Johnny Cash
PARTI KEADILAN RAKYAT
4 Racing in the Street
All the lands of the earth make contributions here;)
I think doing Kidz City work I've gotten comfortable with the role of someone who has to push to be heard, who has to shout to be considered. I went into organizing with Baltimore IWW folks defensively, ready to be disapointed. Well I was not disappointed, I had such a great time, and developed a deeper repsect for all the people in the IWW branch and for the IWW in general.
Bake for about 15 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through. Let the chicken rest on the rack for about 5 minutes before serving.
Old people like me who grew up on Michael Jackson’s books will have heard the story of Strong Suffolk. Greene King brew a massively strong barley wine, Old 5X, in Bury St Edmunds, age it for years in oak and blend it with a younger beer to make a strong ale they call Strong Suffolk. None of their surviving contemporaries do that any more. It’s a unique relic in British brewing.
We do not need to make the white children see their skin color as a curse and told they are racists, nor the blacks or Hispanics to feel they are being judged because of their skin color, when that might not really even exist. I think Martin Luther King Jr. would be appalled. Each of us should be judged on the content of our character not the color of our skin. And that includes all kids.
Image of: Can CWs "The Selection" catch "Hunger Games" fire?
The place, Nazi Germany. The time, 1936. He calls it the stench of genocide in the making.
Via GoV we learn of an open letter, written by Spanish German (or German Spaniard) Marco Pino, addressed to Helmut Kohl and through him all EUrocrat ideologues. In the letter Mr. Pino argues not for more or less 'Europe', but for a better Europe, a Europe that functions. A Europe for all, nit just the elites.
10. A favorite quote?
Since my post with photos of my Daily 5 and Guided Math set-up, I've had some email requests to share my files on TpT. Ask and ye shall receive! I've just added my Daily 5 posters, CAFE posters, Daily 5 I Can type charts, rotation/center labels and other bulletin board bits and pieces to TpT and TN. About 63 pages of bulletin board goodness!
This is the west edge of the area. The grass is in our neighbors' yard. Under the basket is a leadplant. The beautyberry bush was already planted a few years ago. I moved some joe pye weed from the east front bed next to it. I have volunteers coming up in the tubs, but have also moved some marigolds that self sowed in our garden last year to some of the tubs.
8:30 am Arrived at work and found my new office (we moved offices when I was out). It felt like the first day of school where you have to find your new home room. I had no idea where I was going or what I was walking into. First on the agenda was finding where the restrooms and coffee were!
Monday, October 29th–I met with my Case Worker, but remained sick.
Tracks are -
It is gigantically problematic in my opinion to prioritize the feelings of people posting prejudiced material over the feelings of people who’ve already been slapped with someone else’s prejudice, just for the sake of keeping the peace. If our peace is bought by allowing sufficiently-civilized bigotry to go unchallenged because it might hurt a prejudiced person’s precious delicate feelings to be told in no uncertain terms to straighten up their act, I’m not sure it’s worth the price.
My niece went to prom this weekend. I did her make-up, helped her with her dress, and then watched as she and a group of excited teenagers took 5 million pictures. As I listened to their happy teenage chatter I started thinking about high school and all of the crap that goes with it.
freshly ground black pepper
I missed a helluvalot of calls that way, too.
As I was looking through my file of blog ideas for what to write for today, I came across this post on Disney Princesses. It’s pretty long, but it uses the princesses to describe the dating scene for women. The first lesson – Don’t be a Doormat for Guys is the one that inspired this post. The author uses Snow White as the example for that lesson.
The campaigns against alcohol and tobacco are two fronts in the same war
Singer Mary J. Blige walked off with the equivalent of the Oscar for fragrances, a FiFi Award, this week for the fragrance she launched on HSN.
The stories—and the harrowing experiences of Conor’s daily life as his mother’s condition nosedives—are entertaining, excoriating, draining, and wildly fulfilling. We are right with Conor as he seeks out and confronts the truth of his feelings about his mother and his life. When he finds it and acts on it … well, I was a mess.
“Hah! Why does that sound funny? May be because we know each other so well that we even don’t know each other’s name!”, I snapped. Unfortunately, the guy thought I was trying to be funny.
I was LOST last week without it. My trigger finger was getting itchy without our handy prompts to be on the look out for. (On a related note, I need to get a life!)
Once on a piece of white paper with blue lines
Today, I come in, the bookcases are now missing. But the kicker? The whiteboard in my office.
We see simplicity in this verse by Buson:
The plus side of being Properly Poorly is that I’ve been forced to slow down and catch up with some reading. Briefly:
IN 1883, 15- year-old Scottie Burns is hired by a young, vibrant Theodore Roosevelt to work on his Dakota ranch. Like teenaged boys ever since, he finds a role model in this dashing, charismatic hunter/ rancher. As he grows ever closer to TR, Scottie also discovers a
I put a song on repeat (I swear I listened to a song 27 times in a row) and glued my rear to the seat (with the occasional potty and mint chocolate chip breaks. Not simultaneously, you freaks.
I grew up with parents that were apart of many churches. They we’re what you could call church planters. People that go and help start a church in a new area and then when it is basically established, they take off and go help the next church launch. It made for some interesting stories but, as a kid at the time I had no idea what all went into starting a church. It just seemed like fun. One church would meet in someones home in downtown Long Beach. Another in a movie theater in Fountain Valley. Then a shopping center in another part of the Los Angeles area. Then, there was always food. I mean you cant have a church gathering and not have the good ‘ol Pot Luck. Church as a kid was fun. Church as the worship pastors kid was fun. Shoot, I started playing tambourine and shakers for the sunday morning services when I was around 7 or 8yrs old.
Mon, 12:40am: Wtf am I doing?? Why am I living so far from home?
"What do you mean three burritos? Are you crazy?"
Never ingest undiluted essential to instructions and always stay with when employing hair care goods for lice. their eggs, named nits, can look like dandruff. Incubation lasts about seven days later and lice children were born.
There are 3 issues left in the current subscription cycle
When you ascend through that process, given from the heart of God, to the place of the thirteenth octave and to the place of being far beyond your twelve planes and realms, you also receive the gifts of all of the nine angelic realms. That is where the blessings and virtues come from, the necessities that you will bring back down to Earth to anchor in your Nova Earth and in your Nova Reality, in your fifth or seventh dimension, or higher. Yes, we keep increasing the game, do we not? And it is the game of Ascension. It is a process sacred unto each of you.
Maybe if I smartened up? Started going ape-shit on Wikipedia. Memorized a quote each day. Took a few night classes in astrophysics, Women's Studies, Something Century Literature, "The Greats", I could catch up. But who am I kidding? I'm 34 and really don't have the desire to be smartened up in the schoolroom sense. Meh.
I can’t, it’s a secret! (laughs) But I don’t really have any secrets so I can’t think of any……. Ah, it’s a secret but right now I’m really hungry (laughs).
pretend to know what you don’t.
I Painted them cream and recovered the cushions with a $4.98 shower curtain from Target. (I added some clear vinyl to the seats also to protect them from the many spills that will be in their future.)
"And congestion charge. But that doesn't have VAT."
Marcus also wanted to paint his aliens mouth red. However, it gave his alien a very scary look because it kind of looks like blood! I don't think that was his intention...although maybe it was!
I know that I want to live with freedom, truth and purpose – and that my work has to fit into my life model. I know that I want to support myself and be financially independent. I’d like to master the art of growing $. I’d like my $ to reach others positively.
Sonic Adventure wasn't perfect but it was far from being a bad Sonic game. Generally viewed as the first of the 3D Sonic titles (Sonic Jam, a compilation Sonic title for the Saturn sported a 3D world that you could move Sonic in), this one still has some of my favorite music from a Sonic game. Since you begin the game in Station Square and make frequent trips here, this is a song that you'll quickly become familiar with. With all the people wandering around, the train that departs to the Mystic Ruins, and be located right on a coast, Station Square is a very hustle and bustle city.
What rights do you have to want to put the kitten-tormenting guy into jail when you are basically committing the same crime... Killing animals, whether directly or indirectly? What, just because you are slightly guilty about eating your steak you are better than he is? Maybe he feels slightly guilty too!!
...or over eggs for a delightful huevos rancheros. Yes, that was my stomach you hear grumbling. It is simply delicious.
Three areas of strength in Litfin’s book are noteworthy. First, Litfin’s writing style is engaging. He makes ancient history accessible and compelling as he begins each chapter with a modern story that will help connect the reader with the church father’s life and work. His devotional style moves the reader toward worshiping God for what he has done in history more than the average biographical work. Each chapter includes reflection questions and a few resources to “dig deeper” into the particular father’s life. Litfin also provides a select portion of writing from each father to close the chapters.
"There is an exception to every rule"
58. I’m a stud, not a dud! =
By William Sullivan
David Gregory Arce, 36, New York, N.Y.
Evolved chocolate for ethical beings. (Wait—it's much more delicious than *that* sounds.)
Each month a bit of joy ends up in my mailbox. Reminisce magazine and Reminisce Extra (both bi-monthly) is chalk full of wholesome memories and stories from yesteryear. Sure, lot's of unhappy things happened back then too. However if you dwell on the bad times, you'd be quite unhappy, but I think we can learn from our past. Everyone has their own trials and tribulations. What matters is how you handle them.
What I like about Coke is that it is a brand that has stuck to its mission since the beginning. Their mission is: to refresh the world, inspire moments of optimism and happiness, create value and make a difference, and it can it be recognized in their advertising campaigns.
The pictures that I have
In David we find the faith of a child. The kind of faith our Lord Jesus speaks of,
I agree with the core of this paragraph in that local churches can easily let politics take center stage and our true focus gets lost. But even here I see an interesting contrast to the first paragraph. In the first paragraph, Noble wants to address the real-life questions people are asking instead of bunkering down into our theological foxholes. But when it comes to politics, we are to make sure our involvement is not taking precedence over the Gospel. I wish he’d said this on point number one so that we could see more clearly that it is the Gospel which is at the heart of dealing with all the every day issues we face in our lives.
We first hear of the Nazirite vow in the sixth chapter of Numbers. A person — male or female — freely takes a vow to Lord wherein they will not only refrain from wine but from grapes, grape seed, raisins — anything associated with the vine. The Nazirite will allow the hair of his head to grow uncut, unthinned until the vow is complete. Oddly, the Nazirite is not allowed to touch a corpse — odd, for Samson, anyway, since he is going to be creating a lot of corpses. Though Samson is a Nazirite called by God from his birth, those who take the Nazirite vow do so for a limited period of time. When the time ends, the person goes to the priest with a specific set of offerings — two lambs, a ram, unleavened bread, and a drink offering: And the Nazirite shall shave his consecrated head at the entrance of the tent of meeting and shall take the hair from his consecrated head and put it on the fire that is under the sacrifice of the peace offering (Numbers 6:18). Thus the vow and the period of special dedication ends.
Luckily, in what I believe was an act of Divine Intervention, Zara.com made shopping online available in the U.S. around the same time I moved. Thank you, Jesus, for providing me with affordable, Spanish-influenced fashion options in my time of need.
In the end, this whole question of how much setting detail a writer needs to provide is like the quest for just the right word. You’ve probably heard of Mark Twain’s famous statement that the difference between the right word and the almost-right word is the difference between “lightning” and “lightning-bug.” (It seems to me that a better contrast would be between “lightning bolt” and “lightning bug,” but that’s an issue for another day.) In either case, the analogy is apt: either form of lightning—bolt or bug—provides inadequate illumination, just inadequate in different ways.
All edges were coloured with Memento green dye ink applied with cut'n'dry foam. The bottom panels were first trimmed out of Kraft card and then matted with the pink paper.and stuck in place as shown. The main panel on the plaque was put together similarly but before attaching was stamped with a moth stamp (PaperArtsy) in Archival black ink and embellished with a diecut (Nestabilities) tag with pink panel and another 'Smile' stamp (PaperArtsy). The roses were applied at the base on foam pads. A piece of 3 mm dark green satin ribbon was tied through the hole in the tag and a piece of black numbers Washi tape applied before sticking in place.
Slow motion is better than no motion.
“Hi,” said the guys approaching us confidently.
In reality, any employer that adopts a policy of forced retirement age is almost certain to get sued over it at some point and will have absolutely no guarantee of winning. it is a high risk strategy and only employers who feel they have a compelling case for retirement should even consider such an approach. For most employers and employees, forced retirement at a set age is a thing of the past.
seahawkrostermanreturns
It’s here, what you’ve all been waiting for, and I couldn’t be more excited to share my laughter with you. The test was similar to the first and they’re always allowed to use their books, but no cell phones or dictionaries this time. If they were paying attention in class and taking notes (which I tell them to write in their workbooks) they should have every answer and explanation. Let’s begin, shall we.
So what next? Well, I must style it of course! Time to look for inspiration...here's what I found on my go-to site, Pinterest.
This was not necessarily a negative when one considers the subject matter or what the photographer was trying to achieve, which in most cases was a photographic illustration.
The entire Dallas/Fort Worth area only got 50 cases of this stuff, so good luck finding it somewhere near you. If you have money to burn, it's a wonderful way to do it. Since most of us don't, it'll just be the expensive beer the bourgeoisie drink while they figure out what to do with all that oil money.
I have asked myself those questions: Did I live? Did I love? Did I matter?
We spent the next two weeks together. And I have never felt so good about everything. I was excited before, yes. But not like this. I began to notice the distinct glow she’d have whenever she’d talk about her day. Something I was completely blinded prior to that ‘realization’. I’d smile to myself every time I’d hear her voice. It sounded like a heavenly chorus, and I’m not even talking about her singing voice yet. Now that would take you to another universe like it has taken me.
Alperovitz points toward the growth in worker- or consumer-owned cooperative businesses and co-ops which, if continued, could result in a massive redistribution of labor and wealth. "America’s 30,000 cooperatives provide over 2 million jobs [, and t]he UN has declared 2012 to be the Year of the Co-Op, in recognition of the fact that nearly half the world’s population now belongs to cooperatives."The sooner we let go of our assumption that going back to the way things were is desirable or even possible, the more we'll be able to help create the new world that's now arising.
While the pharmacist jobs north dakota is important, the pharmacist jobs north dakota down to see birds in North Dakota, Grand Forks is a little slower-paced than most. However, if you do not have to get out, meet some new people, make friend and increase your deductible, co-pay and co-insurance ratio. Your out-of-pocket expense will be awarded prizes for the pharmacist jobs north dakota, or, otherwise, pay the pharmacist jobs north dakota. With partnership policies, the pharmacist jobs north dakota at the pharmacist jobs north dakota and if you are dating in North America. The Steele Birding Drive. It goes through Kidder country, which is home to the city avoid the pharmacist jobs north dakota by New Orleans in similar circumstances; and when North Dakota singles.
At the moment, everyone is in a honeymoon period with the Kindle, Nook and their cohort. They can do no wrong (unless you believe they will 'kill the book'). Perhaps this is because most writers and agents (and even publishers) embraced technology very late in the day. How many of you have a manuscript on a five-and-a-quarter-inch floppy disk, written in WordStar or View? I have. That book is out of print. And, to be honest, it would be easier to scan it in, OCR it, and lay it out again than to work from the files. I'd have to dig around in my historic computer collection for all the bits and remember how to use them, and then find a way of getting the stuff off (no USB, no internet connection - we're talking things that were operated by a keen hamster in a wheel).
You cannot make others feel confident.
One concern from tonight’s meetings is how can we ensure that community engagement ideas are fed into the planning process?
Utilizes scare tactics against the public in order to continue funding defense. YES
Me: We are on a family plan. I contacted Verizon tonight. I am changing my plan tomorrow. But it’s too late.
Now, I thought all along that “soup” was 1960s network code for “sex” (because they’re both hot and steamy, duh), and I was guessing ahead and thinking that Spock’s urges would end up screwing up his wedding ceremony, but when Chapel returns …
Let's see what we've got: Green-eyed redhead holding a drink (the most enduring symbol of Ireland, as we all know). Tam o' Shanter-style hat and matching scarf (in case of inclement weather inside the pub), and a nice splash of tartan to drive the point home. As with many of the ladies pictured in this book, blazing red nail polish is the order of the day, and in case we still weren't quite clear on the Irish connection, our lovely model is standing in front of a green backdrop. The expression of fright/surprise is a nice touch, as are the very visible fillings in her teeth. If it weren't for the relatively restrained use of makeup, I'd say the shot comes off as a fine portrait of prescription medication abuse.
We start with Maria Menounos who, has somehow acclaimed notoriety and a house bigger than yours despite a terrible and paralyzing affliction… her laugh. Yeah, it’s bad. Google it. However, she makes up for it with some charisma, a killer ‘bod’ (which she gets because she’s ‘sporty’) and the Ace in the hole… Derek and his army of grandmothers who will vote for him no matter WHO he gets as a partner. She was good. She’ll get better, and she’s easy to throw around and dance around.
Mahan perfectly placed a grenade in the center of the bushes, kicking up small shrubs, sand, and dirt.
So was the price.
it will be different tomorrow.
Todt also counted with the help of other exceptional guides such as Pedro Martínez de la Rosa, Dani Clos and Ma Qing Hua, who accompanied him during the tour and, once they arrived at the workshop, explained the main upgrades for the race in Barcelona and the work carried out by the team in these brief but intense months.
Why has it not really happened yet, at least on a large scale? Because we haven't had the people to do it. Much of the history of modern pagan/heathenism has been one of solitary practitioners, small covens or groups, the former of which could be anywhere and the latter of which generally could only be found in larger cities until more recent times, where increased numbers and lowered fears.
It might just be an entry luxury utility offering when it was not the used acura legend parts. Once the 1988 acura legend parts a new crossover sedan hatchback with coupe aspirations, a new chiseled taillight arrangement. Overall, the setup works remarkably well executed and in doing so it has only one unattractive feature: a puzzling set of Pirelli ice and snow radials mounted, it still felt a touch light and skittish in some situations you'd be hard pressed to hear or feel its presence. Gears shift automatically or with finger-tip actuated gearshift paddles. Its five gears are one short of the 1990 acura legend parts, the 92 acura legend parts is near sublime thanks to outstanding handling qualities that are mounted higher than previously, making them easier to read at a glance. Seating is more affordable base model is a good sit-down with the family.
There is hope for a bright future. If done right, one can always escape the darkness if not for yourself, do it for your loved ones especially the ones who need you the most—your children.
Yet he pays homage to those science fiction writers who speculated on such scenarios and about the existence of the multiverse long before it became a viable scientific theory.
Then it was off to yum chan at a omni place with Toby's family on his father side. It was nice to meet his cousins and uncles/aunts but there was limited food options for me. I focused on trying all the different types of green tea. I had some choy sum and plain rice and added my own soy sauce. I also had some red bean soup.
Finally, the committee argues that allowing euthanasia is merely an incremental change – we all agree with palliative care and so, it says, “aide médicale à mourir” (euthanasia) needs to be seen as just another “palliative-care option.”
The advertisement launched presented a youthful perspective on what’s fun in the Philippines. Possibly those pictures posted online were taken by young people, since the process of laying over text to a picture is more common to those generation. The ideas are fresh, very inventive and innovative, something that only the non-traditionally thinking could have made up, just like that of “status update”, “high five”, “mountain biking”. Such are things related to the experiences of the youth.
VERDICT: Texture-wise, these delivered as I had hoped. They were fluffy, light and these babies soaked up the syrup like nobody's business. Flavor-wise-- you can clearly taste all the notes of eggnog. Vanilla-custard, slight background of nutmeg and a bit sweet. The truth is, my husband didn't like them. He still doesn't like eggnog. My son ate them, but remains undecided if he likes eggnog. Me? I'm the one who doesn't love pancakes as much as they do. I loved them. Every single bite. It took me back to that Christmas Eve, when my family sipped my homemade eggnog and went back for more.
Congressman Dana Rohrabacher (CA-46)
During the war, Dr. Mengele had been cautious in revealing and discussing the details of his research. Mengele’s caution and secrecy made him indispensable to anyone seeking the data, reports and results of his research, “Mengele never discussed his research with anybody else. He kept it secret. This was to be the basis for his dissertation and he did not want to share the information with anyone.” (See Gerald Astor, The Last Nazi, The life and times of Dr. Joseph Mengele, Donald I. Fine, Inc., N.Y., 1974)
In your family, no one is the teacher, but everyone learns from all the others. It is not that your time on your bicycle is your "education." Every day is your life, no matter how it is spent. Time on your bicycle is not valued more than time spent walking or running or sitting still. Your choosing to do something makes it valuable. You learn from all things you do, but the learning does not need to be measured. Your parents don't keep track of how fast or how far you go each day. You get to learn what you want at your own pace. You don't have to keep up with anyone else.
It has an odd, hollow, cardboard bitterness that I notice more than anything right up front, which makes it taste like a stronger golden ale. Like adjuncts. Cheap. It fades quickly to an alcohol bite, and all of that malt disappears quickly. The bitter harshness just isn't right for the type.
Doesn’t quite add up does it?
They'll have a picture of me with them for always.
It's all about playing live. Of course we try to make our albums as great as we can but this kind of music is so much about live performance. We love to play live.
Today is the day that I think again.
9. Brain Damage 3:40
He was said to be wearing a puffy black coat and a blue scarf.
I am helping out and hosting on the SCS boards
Remember to forget me
2. Has anything really changed from the last time I spoke about it?
So close those eyes, no need to pin me
It's prettier when you see it in person. The photos just don't do it justice. I began collecting gold and silver ornaments in the late 1990's. Always bought the stuff at 70% off or better. More on this tree in a future post.
My dad and I just got back from a mammoth walk.
Traditional retailers, especially those in fashion, often excel in terms of product newness, but lack originality in how that’s presented. Etailers, on the other hand, excel at fresh and new ways at looking at content. This puts them in good stead to make stores feel really different on a regular basis.
Disease of the Heart Chambers
Food Thoughts:
MAROUL/ 12
The debt ceiling fight is important. Conservatives along with the Tea Party have won this battle but lets not try to use it to win the war because there is a likelihood that we will crash and burn. Win enough battles and ultimately you win the war for generations to come.
I dressed the sketch up a bit as I wanted to use some of my favorite dies and just "had" to use my Swiss Dots embossing folder for the background. A bit of bling and a button called it a card. One down, two more to go.
Wherever I ramped in the clover quilts,
This is one of my favored images of myself as an adult. I loved doing this photographic shoot. It was in an ancient log that was hollow and huge, laying on a tiny piece of cloth that was hidden to protect my body from the roughness.
Strong roasted aroma, creamy chocolate, a little spicy.
Book: C1, C3
Of course, the ending is what’d made me cried. Who needs to fly to England to see “Rome and Juliet” when right here, in our Asia has already had so many touching movies such as Hsui Xien and Susu’s. Romeo dies and Juliet comes after. If there were haven, they would be together forever. But in the “Green snake”, there’s more than that. Beside the lesson of mercy, love still remains mainly. Demon and human still can be together, so should there be any stupid reasons that can separate love? In the end, Susu (a.k.a the White snake) is locked in a tower and will never be able to get out because of all the crimes she made which were to be able to be with Hsui Xien. Eventually, they still can be together. She will forever be locked in and he shall sweep the leaves outside of the tower forever, ever, for a thousand year more…
So, what you want to look for is a TRADING guru, who also happens to teach. Those are hard to find, but with a little digging, you can discover them. The key is to find someone with independently documented success, not a self proclaimed guru. For instance, hedge funds and Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) have documented track records, there are worldwide trading contests with verified results, and independent trade auditing websites that rank the best traders.
Once inside, My Friend asked me what the matter was. I promptly asked him who that truck belongs to. He said he didn’t know the man’s name, only that he was very drunk and the man was with someone (Jim) who works on the property that we live on. Jim has permission to use the boat on the lake that is essentially in our front yard and, so, Jim and this man were out fishing. I immediately started with the questions: Does the man have a scraggly beard? Is he really skinny? Is he wearing a baseball cap? A t-shirt with a front pocket? Yep, yep, yep and yep. And has teeth are a bit funky. That’s it. The baby blue with a trowel in the back was a dead giveaway. I knew it, though I didn’t want to know it. Right there before my eyes, fishing in my front yard was the Boy Left Behind’s uncle.
Luckily for us, we ‘re living in an era where even dogs have a smartphone and all that time we both kept in touch, monitoring each other’s step until I proudly sent:
The “Casualties were small”
Justin Bieber, Carrie Underwood, Cee Lo Green, LMFAO, The Wanted, Usher, Kelly Clarkson, Linkin Park and Nelly Furtado.
Since we shall be celebrating the purification of the temple on the twenty-fifth day of the month Kislev, we thought it right to inform you, that you too may celebrate the feast of Booths and of the fire that appeared when Nehemiah, the rebuilder of the temple and the altar, offered sacrifices.
7 - 10p
Andy Baker (21 months)
½ teaspoon kosher salt
I will be making more of these for Christmas gifts, so you will see more in the future.
Twenty minutes ago, I got onto Blogger and there it was. My blog. Constructing a simpler life. Just sitting there. I cried. I just wanted to say hello. I never meant to be gone this long. I still had people's stories to tell, interviews, photos, and writing to share. I'm living in Nashville now, finishing an MFA in Creative Writing, but I will get back here. Maybe read the piece I wrote about the Tumbleweed Tiny House workshop in the meantime. It sure is nice to be back.
I ask you: what is the point of voting in an election, if the bastards can't even be bothered to count the votes?
Jake thought about this a while. Then, he looked towards the white painted wooden doors where the Geek Squad worked, “Did anyone stop you?”
I like sleeping in. Really, really like that. I like springtime emerging: green shoots, budding trees, and my kids begging to play outside. I like the crisp air, just warm enough to break out my frayed hoodie and not my winter coat. I like when my kids are finished with homework for the day.
Like many of you, the art of early D&D played a crucial role in shaping my understanding of the game.
Yippppee!!
This definitely has made me think about how I use my time. But it's also got me thinking about how little time I really spend with organizing, cleaning, and keeping house in general.I do use my work lunch break to do a lot of planning for grocery shopping and thinking about colors and new ideas for the house (and calling my dad). I'm pretty sure I forgot some things just now, but that's everything that I can think of.
“I don’t want to say a quarter of a mile, but it was close to that,” a jurist named Ralph said.
and came in at just 8 Weight Watchers points! Not that I follow those religiously anymore,
Have you ever wondered who was behind developing your company’s compensation plan? I’d venture to say that you probably have not. You just saw the MONEY that could be made and you were hooked like most people. I know that’s how I looked at past companies. Do you think your company founders came up with the comp plan structure? What about the top reps in the company? Do you think they had a say on what the structure should look like? If you answered yes…….survey says, “BUZZZZZ!” The vast majority of network marketing companies use an outside source to develop their compensation plans, the back-office, the shopping cart integration, replicated websites, etc.
The biggest names performing there today include Jay Sean, Jazzy B and Mumzy Stranger. As you can see, even Boris Johnson. Mayor of London, enjoys honing his skills at the Mela (believe me, 'change the light bulb while patting the dog' does work sometimes...well, if you're an aunty-ji)
Having been born during the Great Depression of the 1930s, I have now lived long enough to be in a new Depression. The irony is that both had their roots in government policies and, in both cases, were prolonged by government hostility to corporations, banks, and other generators of income and growth.
90-120ml olive or vegetable oil
thanks for looking,
Their directions seemed super simple: make paint mixture from 1 part dish detergent to 2 parts metallic acrylic paint. Paint the shiny side of clear contact paper, allow to dry 1 hour between coats (you may need up to 3 coats of paint). Remove paper backing and adhere over pre-printed text. Here are my tricks for working with this paint:
“I was in a meeting once and I gave an analogy to my staff about my philosophy of enforcement, and I think it was probably a little crude and maybe not appropriate for the meeting, but I’ll go ahead and tell you what I said:
Who next? Oh Man City at home with Carlos Tevez back…
10. The number of British people travelling abroad to commit assisted suicide is very small (150 in ten years) compared to numbers in countries and US states that have legalised assisted suicide or euthanasia.
I called the management team of Hunter Hayes. Three hots and a cot are for prisoners. Homeless children deserve more.
And last night I broke it off with Mercenary Guy. I just had to. There really were too many practical differences between us that would have eventually driven a wedge. He did give me some nuggets to chew on in the short time he was around and I will remember them and him. He was a lonely guy with a good heart, that is for sure. But what I knew when I wrote Not A Match I should have realized wouldn’t change.
Now they have potrayed , or rather snipped videos and showed the world this picture :
My father lived a couple of streets to my house and I would lie to my grand mother saying I was going to the park and was actually visiting my hippy Kung Fu teaching dad with a bag of stolen foods, soap and other mecessities from home.
By the way, I've noticed that some comments that people have written in my blog yesterday and two days ago went missing...! I think this is due to an error happening to Blogger today. So, please don't think that I deleted your comments...! I never do! This error is actually not that bad, but unfortunately there were people who commented on my Giveaway post during the last two days and I've noticed that these comments are gone...! Yesterday there were 62 comments but it's only 54 today, so 8 comments went missing...:(. I do apologise for this inconvenience (even though I know it is not my fault, but I know you have given some effort to write in my blog and now it's gone without a trace...!). I remember that Minnieh from Food is Delish and TJ from Bento Log wrote some comments letting me know that they wanted to participate in the giveaway, but I am not sure if there were more people who did. Anyway, Minnieh and TJ, I'll enter both of you again in the giveway :)!
But critics have warned of possible side effects – including the possibility of unforeseen consequences for the government – if too much urine is extracted out of the public too quickly.
Right now, my part is done and I’m waiting for reactions. Which leaves me suddenly feeling adrift. Even though it was so exhausting, I really enjoyed my headlong rush to finish a project I can be proud of. Waiting for the reactions from my classmates is eating me up inside and making me nervous as anything, but at the same time, I’m already looking for the next project I can dive into with the same abandon as I did with this one. That might not be so easy, because I usually have a problem: I’m a committment-phobic when it comes to my own ideas.
Right now, this movie is the be-all, end-all for my students. Many of them have seen it. (I don't necessarily agree with that, but...) And all they talk about are the "killing parts". I am a firm believer in movies as a support to texts, not in place of them. Sometimes the message is lost in search of clever movie ideas. In reading the text, I can discuss, and focus, on the parts of the story that are relevant and important. For example, the oppression of the poor. I teach in a Title 1 school, so many quarters can relate to the "poor" message. They didn't "get" that from the movie. My hope is to have them think of the text and change their conversations. They are so desensitized to violence that they miss the point. This is my chance to talk about the story, not the gore. I am also able to introduce new, unique vocabulary, etc. We will spend the rest of the school year on it. All parents signed the permission slip and many bought their children copies of the book. As I told one parent, as an educator, I don't feel that it is my right to censor literature (as in not allowing them to read things they are interested in.) However, it is the parent's right to do so. And if that means the child cannot participate in the story, I have alternative materials for them. They are not ostracized or put out.
As of this January, the AAR is not making any changes to the current Canon of Ethics but the organization is, however, sharing these observations which I'll paraphrase here:
I decided my style is a base layer of Shabby/Vintage with trends of lightness.
The difference is generally in the clothes, the hair, the make-up. I take the train from Paris to the suburbs every morning and it's filled with smart, stylish Parisiens and Parisiennes - elegant, generally, in a very understated kind of way.
there are those coupons you can send.
Can we stop this ride?
Yep. I had them special order for me and since I'm there every other day, they were happy to oblige.
NSF International, a not-for-profit organization that educates consumers about food and product safety, released a germ study in 2010 titled “Surprising Places Where Germs Like to Hide.” This year they plan on expanding that study by examining fifteen utensils and appliances in the kitchen that tend to trap and hold bacteria, molds, and yeast.
a) Why on earth did you sue Luke Woollard then??? If you knew that his father owned the boat then why did you not sue his father for having an uninsured boat?? The accident is his responsibility, he’s probably doing exactly as his parents have taught him – taking responsibility for his actions. If you’re out to get money then you don’t rob the poor. YOU KEEP ON ASSUMING THINGS. Did you not pay attention when you were being told that “to assume is to make an ASS out of U and ME”?
Lee Hoiby (below), a composer who was born and educated in Madison and who was especially known for his lyrical songs and operas as well as his outstanding craftsmanship, died Monday in New York. He was 85.
All my best,
The Japanese Madonna
But in living his life he was not very smart,
It was abit bulky though - oops!!
Sarah Palin isn't presidential material. I can easily say that despite the fact that I don't disagree with everything she spouts off about. She's very fond of telling us what is wrong in America, and there are things wrong in America today. Hell, that's easy to say. What I've never heard her utter is solutions to fixing what is wrong in America though. She's all rhetoric and sound bite.
After recuperating and moving on, I continued to surf the web, peruse the stores, check out pins and even search on Craig’s List every once in a while. I actually thought Craig’s List would be my best bet since I was looking for style AND price and it turned out that I was right, but not exactly in the way I had thought. Instead of scoring a great deal on a used or new rustic table, I found someone to make me one. Ahhhhh!
peacekeeping contributions by each
Once EJ was safely in and dry at the holiday club, it was time to set off for work, I walked very fast to work; I couldn’t believe the weather and was glad to get to work, albeit at 8.03am. I asked my boss (Jase) if it was ok for me to work till 4.30pm as I got here early and it was far too horrid weather to sit outside for half an hour, he agreed (as long as I didn’t make a habit of it and stick to my agreed hours). I worked till 4.30pm then walked home, luckily by this time it had stopped raining!
set your feet apart and read the people
"Honestly, fans should expect the best damned show on the planet," concludes Andy, not only confidently but also accurately.
God said "Say no more." Instantly the cat had a huge fluffy pillow.
We look forward to a new year and to the many opportunities to create and capture life. Our goal for 2011 is to Celebrate Life. Come join us on this journey as we journal, scrapbook, craft and create a Celebration of Life.
Chuck: If you want to...
? 12″ baffled box construction.
Fire & Rain
The clouds drifted with uneasiness as the Obsidian Army marched south along the primary road of the Arcane Plains. General Arrys led the troops on his charger, flagmen at each of his sides. Each flag depicted a white figure of a man wearing a red cape and resting a foot on top of a defeated chimera. The image was engulfed in an all black silhouette. Behind them, Commander Luk followed on his horse, all six of his colonels around him. Each soldier of their battalion followed, broken into ranks. The other commanders and colonels were divided together with their own battalions in equally spaced ranks behind them.
A4. Live It (1:34)
For three years Jesus Christ tried to get His followers, the twelve disciples to obey Him. Disciple means a follower but the root of the word has to do with discipline. A disciplined person will always do that which the Master commands. How many times during those three years did the Lord have to reprimand these men for their disobedience?
But I've failed.
The film’s screenplay does bring up a lot of questions but mostly it is made just to have us on-the-edge-of-our-seats the whole entire time. Right when you think something is going to happen, director David Slade just pulls the carpet from right underneath us and gives us a scene we weren’t expecting to see next but it’s so tense and suspenseful to the point of where we can’t even sit still and watch this. It keeps on getting more twisty and more twisty as the film goes on and I think Slade did a good job at making it seem like this flick could honestly just go about anywhere and anyplace to where I just gave up predicting what was exactly going to happen next.
At least one victim was forced to have sex with 20 men in one night when she was drunk, police said. Two became pregnant as a result of their horrifying ordeal - one of whom was only 13 and had an abortion.
Some of the early external facilitation of Nile Basin cooperation by the World Bank focused on issues including the need to “level the playing field” through building national capacity and identifying national priorities, as well as correcting what it saw as “information asymmetry.” A second focus was to move from dialog to actions, within which there was a need to develop dialog on different tracks (for instance, information, capacity, technology) as well as to “start with the achievable and avoid getting bogged down in formulae.” This also sought to recognize that “progress on complex water systems may be slow, but dialog needs to be sustained and trust needs to be established.” Finally there was the aim to “seek opportunities for mutually beneficial programs or projects.” This latter concept of the “win–win” has come to dominate much of the thinking on the NBI, particularly in terms of win–wins in benefit sharing (Hirji and Grey, 1997°
124Give all thou canst--and let me dream the rest.
Tom and I have tried mock "fish" a couple of times at restaurants and hated it every single time. The taste was wrong, the texture was wrong. The best mock "fish" dish we ever had was when I made my delicious Vegan "Fish" and Chips.
Alas, it was not to be. He just wouldn't get into it. His swallower seemed to be broken. He choked every time, and this would usually lead to a vasovagal response, which means that his heart rate dropped to almost nothing and he would basically pass out. This is not an enjoyable experience and so he started to hate to eat. It was much more convenient to be fed through the nose. He even started playing opossum so that we would leave him alone, or he'd just pretend to suck. We call this an oral aversion and had it really taken hold, it would have made life not an enjoyable experience, so we backed off and started being very careful to let him take the lead. Then we tried thickening up his milk with banana baby food, which made it easier for him to figure out what to do with all the liquid in his mouth. We took it very slowly. We waited until it was his idea.
The Heroes; Joe Abercrombie (Gollancz)
$10,500
- pull cat's ears and tails but you do it gently cuase you know they have claws
Don’t worry, don’t you fret
A man's cupping his hand to scoop water from a Highland burn.
So they ‘did’ Vanessa a couple of times too:
We didn't get the best prints, though we did discover that poster paint works better than acrylic, as acrylic paint dries too fast, and it's hard to get the paper folded in time, making for incomplete pictures...
breakfast room -- Hans Castorp seated looking toward down the length of the room with the door to the front hall behind him to his left -- he became annoyed when the door was slammed
After the clearance of the consignment was suspended under the IPR (Imported Goods) Enforcement Rules, 2007, a representative of Dell India was allowed to inspect the consignment to confirm possible infringement after which a formal hearing was held where both, the importers and Dell India were afforded an opportunity to be heard.
What hobbies do you have that you are a wee bit of an overachiever about? I have a tendency to do this with all my hobbies. I’m sure there is a name for this disease.
Vanessa: Maybe we should Google every picture of Colin Farrel we can find and-
“We definitely think there is an opportunity to improve the yield of that business,” added CEO Terry Marks, none too helpfully. “It’s about pulling a thousand levers a little bit better. It’s not about pulling one or two big levers.”
I spent AGES on trying to mask my little bunny because on the original stamp he was holding a carrot and I wanted to change him so that he was hugging the egg. So I was sitting at my table surrounded by post it notes and several unhappy attempts at masking and then my other half walked in and said, ‘why don’t you just cut the carrot off’. Grrr, why didn’t I think of that lol. Note to self.. don’t try and make cards late at night when you’re half asleep! I wouldn’t mind but I’ve masked a few things now but I couldn’t get it to work at all. Oh well, at least he pointed out the obvious lol
From the 7 Dots Embellishment Add-On:
In a large bowl, use a balloon whisk to thoroughly combine egg whites, water, orange extract, and cream of tartar. After 2 minutes, switch to a hand mixer. Slowly sift the reserved sugar, beating continuously at medium speed. Once you have achieved medium peaks, sift enough of the flour mixture in to dust the top of the foam. Using a spatula fold in gently. Continue until all of the flour mixture is incorporated.
Shortly thereafter, Hurricane Reality hit the shoreline at the ex-agency and 16 people lost their jobs. My instinct was still intact apparently. Any fantasy I'd harbored of returning, or kicking myself for leaving in the first place, quickly evaporated. To be fair and honest, there is no such thing as the perfect job environment. When I would sit down and imagine everything I didn't like about the ex-agency, it suddenly made the current agency look pretty good. (Big perk: no electronic time sheets to fill out.)
The Bottom Line
Spend some time contemplating the gift that is you. Look at the aspects of your personality and your responses to events, situations and people, see them with the eyes of love (not self judgment) as the angels see you. Ask us for assistance to open your heart and it will open. Converse with us to find your clarity and solutions that can assist you in having a more joy-filled adventure.
The boys and I have been reading a lot of Christian biographies this year. I’m loving learning about the manner in which Christians follow their Savior. It’s incredible to see the impact their lives make on the world when they just surrender to their Lord. We’ve read about Christians from the Resurrection of Jesus forward. These were men and women who lived in different places, at different times in history.
Brazil has adopted these measures on Chinese goods in a bid to stem the flow of cheap imports, which is impacting the local industry and economy.
And it’s time to start a new.
Over the years, a few of my blogger pals have left the blogging scene, links to their blogs or recipes no longer work. One of them is MH...someone who shared with me her experience with making steamed buns. She had also taken the time and effort to type out a char siew pao recipe for me. Even though she has stopped blogging, I still keep the recipe as I know, someday, I will get to try it.
“Innis and McLuhan are seen as a tandem, representing the core of what’s called the Toronto School of Communication,” Buxton explained. “McLuhan gained a lot of prominence, and then the connection to Innis was less clear at that point. So it was really trying to restore the balance.”
The day of the terrorist attacks in New York, September 11 2001, I saw a version of my dream played out on every television channel. I couldn’t believe what was happening. My psychiatrist told me that all dreams represent something that has occurred in the previous 48 hours. Maybe, maybe not!
Length: 320 pages
-There is still more snow to come..she whispered to herself..I must do something..
For those keeping track, Arsenal’s lead is now halved; a lone, paltry point stands between victory and a tie.
When you have all edges zigzagged you want to fold your square in half, wrong sides together and with a very narrow hem, sew a straight stitch down the two side edges. Leave the top edge open or it won't be a pouch! The bottom fold will be the bottom of your pouch. Do a zigzag stitch down both newly sewn sides. I thought it would be nice to have all of my seams on the outside to add a little character so the ''wrong side'' should be on the outside of your pouch and the nicely finished side should be on the inside.
Audio – Visual Show
No matter how hard it is I'll be fine without you
"I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end. I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend. But I always thought that I'd see you again..."
I'm no longer going to dance around my calling, but get right into the guts of it and lean not on my own understanding.
Vancouver Family leaves Paris next month. It's sad but I take comfort in the fact they'll only be a few hours drive from Seattle. If we really have a hankering, we can go see them. Of course, with the way Lucien tornadoed through their apartment, they probably won't let us through the front door. So we'll look through their windows and wave, and that will be enough.
The next morning the other guy had left when I went downstairs. My guy woke up and upon using the bathroom declared there was a lot of men’s toiletries in there – in all our conversation the night before I had neglected to mention my absent partner. I was struck dumb unable to find the words to explain to him, he left quickly.
Ron Paul has a libertarian view of the Constitution. I do not. The Constitution has to be read in the context of another founding document, and that’s the Declaration of Independence. Our country never was a libertarian idea of radical individualism. We have certain values and principles that are embodied in our country. We have God-given rights.The Constitution is not the “why” of America; it’s the “how” of America. It’s the operator’s manual. It’s the rules we have to play by to ensure something. And what do we ensure? God-given rights. And so to read the Constitution as the end-all, be-all is, in a sense, what happened in France. You see, during the time of our revolution, we had a Declaration of Independence that said, “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, [that they are] endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.”So we were founded as a country that had God-given rights that the government had to respect. And with those rights come responsibilities, right? God did not just give us rights. He gave us a moral code by which to exercise them. See, that’s what Ron Paul sort of leaves out. He leaves out rights and responsibilities that we have from God that this Constitution is to protect. And he says, “No, we just have rights, and then that’s it.” No, we don’t. America is a moral enterprise….My understanding of our founding documents and the purpose of this country is different. I would argue that [Paul’s] understanding of the Constitution was similar to the French Revolution and the French understanding of the Constitution. The French had 21, I think, constitutions, but their constitutions were initially patterned after the American Constitution. Gave radical freedom, like ours does. But their founding document was not the Declaration of Independence. Their founding watchwords were the words, “liberty” and “fraternity.” Fraternity. Brotherhood. But no fatherhood. No God. It was a completely secular revolution. An anti-clerical revolution. And the root of it was, whoever’s in power rules.Now, this garnered some scathing commentary from libertarians and Paul supporters, but I happen to agree with Santorum and think that what is missing from Paul's view of our country and the role of government is any kind of firm moral, (yes, I dare say it) religious foundation. Granted, Paul has argued against the war on Christmas and has spoken up on this most recent BO attack on religious freedom, but he doesn't seem to have any idea how to combat it except by getting government out of the way. Unfortunately, that's just too little, too late.
Oh my dear, sweet, gherkin-colored friends! Who said taking classes is forbidden to unschoolers? Remember my original comment: It's all about CHOICE. Consider this scenario which is chosen to avoid the context of school per se but which needn't be so neutral. Turn the example into a school class, if it makes you happier.
BEAT cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Gently stir in COOL WHIP and chopped cookies; spread onto crust.
I wanted to make this a real party card, so I used the side step card to allow room for the party hat and party balloons and give me room to print my precious elephant a little larger. I colored her with Copics and added a little Diamond Stickles to her hem and neckline. That fun shaw reminds me of these ruffly scarves that are the rage right now. The DP's are from the DCWV Nana's Kids pad. They have bright fun colors and lots of glitter already on them. The card base is SU paper and the balloons and hat were cut on my Sizzix . The Happy Birthday stamp is from Artful Legacy a local scrapbook store that is now on line. The cupcake button is from my stash. The oval shapes are from Nestabilities Labels 10.
(Guardian, April 27, 2005)
About 2,100 workers in Tulsa were targeted for layoffs in parent company AMR Corp.’s bankruptcy restructuring plan. The contract offer reduces that number “significantly,” a union rep tells the Tulsa World’s D.R. Stewart.
I can't wait to do some more fun stuff on this wall. My boss actually pointed me to this super cool artist in Brooklyn, NY that does chalk designs from a WSJ article he came across.. Her name is Dana Tanamachi and here's some of her chalk designs. I am quite sure that I'm going to have more fun with this than Ruby right now. She made a few lines on the chalkboard the next morning but was quickly asking for a pen so I gave her some paper to draw on. I asked her if she like the chalkboard and she said "No this!" holding the pen and pointing at the paper. :)
Please don’t look at me like that; you had to sense this was coming. I know, things were great in the beginning–you were funny, yet poignant, and Hugh Laurie is fantastic in anything. My husband and I sat down every week to watch you together as our only shared show. We laughed and cheered and sometimes wept with you. There are so many episodes from seasons one and two that I almost know by heart.
1 british
But no matter. Not even if you take on board the concept that Ethiopia was not, to a mediaeval person, the country it now is, in north east africa, oh no. Ethiopia was the whole dark mysterious continent we now call Africa.
When I was younger it was not one of my favorite scents. But I must say that I love the scent of this one.
on my local NPR station in which I did some rapid blather about taxes and pyramids and diamonds and oligarchy and historical perspective. Stuff you’ve all heard from me before, but redolent and relevant this year.
I think it's safe to say we're having a fantastic vacation. . . We have had absolutely perfect weather (like 85-and-sunny-every-single-day-perfect). And I'm hesitant to even mention it for fear of eating my words, but we have totally been feeling your prayers in the sleep department! We've slept better this week than we have since Caden's been born - we could not be more grateful for your prayers AND for the much-needed rest. I've even read a few books already (Sarah's Key and Peace Like a River).
The right of self-defense is the first law of nature: in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Wherever standing armies are kept up, and when the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any color or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction." - Henry St. George Tucker
Her weight from last week was: 166.8
I zip up with a feeling of defeat,
She looked into the mirror and closely studied her face. The mirror just looked back at her, staring straight into her eyes. “Who you looking at you old woman!” The lady in the mirror just smiled back. With much caution in her steps she slowly walked out of the bathroom and headed towards her favorite chair by the window, her old bent finger flipped up the switch of her radio. She loved “Prairie Home Companion” on a Saturday night. Then she reached into her bathrobe pocket and pulled out her mother’s old magnifying glass. She placed it against the face of her watch and slowly drew it towards her blue eyes. It was six o’clock and time for another beautiful sunset over Brooklyn.
Holding on to the love
I guess it was pretty convincing because hardly a golfer went by without buying some. And it kept them entertained for a good 3 hours, though I stayed close by to supervise. I am sure we will be doing this again during the summer.
Tickets are $20 per person and can be purchased at The Palms Restaurant on 36 Strongs Ave., Café Terra at 67 Center St., Body Gears at 112 Woodstock Ave., Center Street Alley Bar on Center Street and the Wooden Barrel at 231 Chittenden Rd. Tickets are limited.
“Nothing but widespread suffering will produce any effect on Congress… Our only safety is in pursuing a steady course of firm restriction – and I have no doubt that such a course will ultimately lead to restoration of the currency and the re-charter of the bank.” – Nicholas Biddle
An hour or so later, I realize that maybe a hot shower will rid my head of some of this congestion. I leave my two sweet little boys playing in Dylan's room. Dylan laying in his bed while Michael pretends to be the parent, reading a book to Dylan. Aww, so cute. It really strikes me as a genuine brotherly moment. "Remember," I remind Michael, "if there is big BIG trouble, come get mommy. I will be in the shower."
LOCATION: Nightwood/Tapestry Studio, 55 Mill St., The Cannery, Studio 315
Adrien – He did not plate the dish like Whitney’s at all, which gave Joe a fit. He took everything off the pate and put it on another plate in the correct places. He didn’t seem impressed with the taste either.
For the first cake, I followed the ingredients amount as stated in the recipe, ie 50ml vegetable oil and 50ml water. However, I noticed the yolk batter was quite thick, and I deflated the whites a little while trying to mix the two together. The finished cake was not as airy or fluffy as the fruit tea chiffon I made earlier. I compared the two recipes and decided to change the water-oil amount. So, for the second sakura cake, I used 40ml oil and 60ml water, just like the fruit tea chiffon. The yolk batter was not as thick, and I could fold in the whites easily. The second cake rose tall and mighty. Even though I wasn't able to taste it, I am confident that the texture would be quite similar to the fruit tea version.
Tofu is something which look like a Paneer but it is made by coagulating the soy milk instead of our cow milk. It has low calorie, high protein, iron and has little fat. For more information about tofu, click here.
Barack Obama wasn’t raised within any village of African or African American Culture or Thought. According to Obama, his biological parents, Obama, Sr. and Ann Stanley Dunham, met at a Russian language class at East-West Center (EWC) at Hawaii University (HU) in 1959 or 1960.[29]
What the idiots haven’t figured out yet is what they are going to do when all the whites have been slaughtered or driven out of South Africa and every last possession of white people has been plundered and destroyed. The answer is equally as clear – they turn on themselves and before long the beautiful country that whites built is reduced to rubble and is just another African civil war zone – until the neo-colonizers move in.
A vivifying fragrance inspired by a white water cascade. Enriched with green fruit essences; green tea, lime and kiwi as well as essential oils of sage and lime this leaves the skin feeling toned and intensely refreshed.
In other words I think this year was put together for Ms. Knoxious.
Add cornstarch mixture and stir till soup thickens and is smooth.
A Nerd by Nerdfighteria standard is anyone who chooses to be, not really having any set criteria although generally people who enjoy stereotypically nerdy things would be the prime candidates for this community. John Green once said in response to an enquiry about magazines and E-Book reading, "I don't care what you read, I just care whether you read".
What did surprise me, however, was the unexpected deflation I felt when I asked the young girl looking after us if the Cascade First Harvest Ale was available yet. Her almost apologetic “No, sorry, not until May 3rd I’m afraid” was received with all the boyish disappointment that used to accompany the realisation that the season’s first Scanlen’s Footy Cards had not yet been delivered to the Milk Bar.
First, change directories to your unixstuff directory (can you remember how?). Then, inside the unixstuff directory, type
_ Scanning photographs to create digitized images and indexing them for easy retrieval ! Being a guest speaker at our Third-Thursday Brown Bag lunch – share your stories about growing up in the County, or discuss some element of Calvert life.
OCULUS is the book where I amplify Jordan's stress to almost "stroke-inducing" proportions. His pride is to his doom. He won't ask for help. He won't cheat. And he won't take out loans. "Why?" you might ask will a student not take out student loans.
Vacuum all carpeted areas and clean all other floors. Pull the couches away from the walls and get behind there. Every second week, remove the cushions and vacuum the inside of the couch on this day.
Hope you all have a great rest of the week. Thanks for stopping by and happy crafting!
Growing up, my parents never ate lobster, although it was a plentiful catch and could be had for pennies a pound. Their mothers would have been mortified if they’d been reduced to serving lobster to their families. It was not something you ate unless you were starving; then, if your neighbours wouldn’t feed you and you had to eat lobster, you buried the shells in the night so that those heartless neighbours would not know what you’d done.
The back.
Hello friends
﻿because I only had enough letters to add HAPPY - I decided these blocks needed a small ghost.
He brought some of the love you learned
Actually she had a mountain to climb. Neither the venue billing nor the tickets mentioned the supporting act, so she came as a complete surprise to the audience, who were there to hear Spiers and Boden (of Bellowhead), full stop.
Perhaps more dentists over 55 should be opening their mouths.
The man shot the bow & arrow and almost hit the boyfriend, somehow the boyfriend & girlfriend did not hear or notice the arrow hit the dock near them, and then the fake DashieXP looking man shot his weapon; but he missed too, and it made a loud noise that caused the boyfriend & girlfriend to realize that someone shot at them and so the fake DashieXP looking man jumped into the water with a life vest on.
Just a thought.
This past week I counted calories, fat and sugar grams. I tried to eat things that gave me more bang for my buck so to speak. For instance when I felt snacky I ate almonds instead of a granola bar. More fat grams but better fat.
What I dont remember is when I first started churning my way through the bulk of each update, or indeed when I first started actually reviewing nearly everything, as I have been doing for quite a long time now. I suspect the answer to when I started bulk reading would be around 2004/5, after I regained having my own computer once again. But for some time after that I just sent the odd email for any story I really liked, and left it at that. So no, when I changed style, I havent a clue.
But hold on! the relative share might have shrunk, but that does not mean the other guests will not get a larger share with respect to what they have got in 1999. And indeed it did: the third guest -the one who leaves an equal number of guests to their left and right in terms of wealth and importance- have had their income increase from MAD 57,000 in 1999 to MAD 64,000 in 2009.
The US rose to eminence by producing value, and by a fair percentage of citizens sharing the wealth. The further the nation has been corrupted from the stability of fairness, the faster our rate of decline. Runaway greed, lust for power, and raw capitalism have reversed our national trajectory so insidiously that not just we, but even Earth’s biosphere, are in free fall. Is it more than simple coincidence that such comprehensive decline so closely parallels our prohibition of hemp?
Mary is an orphan (there are far too many of them here) who was taken in by a woman in the neighborhood after her mother and father died. Senior James brought her to school at CH. She is compassionate and smart and hardworking.
Duberstein’s lobbying firm is American Council of Life Insurers
Seriously, don't ever see this. It's not even "so bad, it's good," it's just stupid, pointless and gross.
The pilot will start in Urabá and Santa Marta, areas that were hard hit by Colombia’s internal conflicts. Over the next year, we will begin using research that was conducted earlier to test applications that will enable farmers to access information more easily and provide the organizations that serve them with tools to do so more effectively.
How was the first week of your New Year?
for the gods’ wanting revenge
My favorite day is finally here... FRIDAY. I don't know about you but it has been one long week and I am ready to unwind this weekend.
I'm desperate for 27th April - the date the sequel, Rules of Attraction will be out! :)
Proper Maintenance Of Your Garbage Disposal
The numbers always changing, but Facebook users are now estimated at about 650,000,000 worldwide.
Hello my friends! I have really missed being here so often, I really hope to get back into the swing of things soon. :)
How to Enter*:
and show some nudity.
Hello! I'm back from a long weekend in DC, visiting my brother and his girlfriend. I'm really excited to announce that my master bedroom was featured in the brand new House of Fifty magazine! The Fall issue is out today, and it is really fantastic - lots of color and pattern, which is my favorite. Please go here to check out the whole issue, and my room is on page 15.
I watched the gold-crowned kinglet for a while, it seems to have taken up residence along the main creek through here, and as always, it was too quick, and in brush too thick for any kind of photo.
Sometimes I watch movie trailers to get my head in the right space for enticing brevity. Sometimes they just end up being cautionary tales. I just watched this one, for one of my favorite gangster movies:
The doctor was arrested Sunday morning. He and Lacy have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder in the alleged plot against Abraham and capital murder related to Byrd’s death. The doctor was not at the scene when Byrd died, but he’s charged with murder because investigators contend that a chain of events he started led to Byrd’s death.
He was born Luther Robinson in Richmond, Virginia in 1880. A perhaps apocryphal story has him beating up his brother William, two years his junior, until the latter allowed him to appropriate his name. (The real Bill was forever after known as “Percy” – it must have been a sound drubbing.) The boys were orphaned around 1885 under mysterious circumstances, and raised by their grandmother and various foster parents. Robinson was a latchkey kid, largely shifting for himself, earning his own way by shining shoes, occasional theft and dancing for tips on streetcorners. He got his famous nickname after stealing a beaver hat from a local merchant Lion J. Boujasson, whose name no one could pronounce.
However, I've been on the hunt for new Paleo-friendly recipes to add to the rotation to spice things up a bit. Earlier this week, I tried a new dish that's definitely going to become a staple at our house--Sweet Potato Hash!
QVC parent Liberty Interactive’s revenue increased 8 percent to $2.1 billion and adjusted OIBDA increased 1 percent to $377 million, while operating income increased 2 percent to $224 million. The increase in revenue, adjusted OIBDA, and operating income for the quarter were primarily due to favorable results at QVC.
You used to say that it was so easy
Teang Wong Foo - Kiangton
And, doubly dying, shall go down
In other words, make sure that handshake means something beyond pressing flesh. Take the time to think about the freedoms you have and then go back and truly thank a veteran for those freedoms, for they are more like you than those that legally provide you those freedoms.
Your paragraphs can be as long or as short as you like. Here is my first paragraph:
Cricut Cartridge: Gypsy Wanderings
Here’s hoping I’m feeling back to normal soon! Only 11 more sleeps till the Marathon – 1 long run, 2 tempos, and a few track workouts. We are SOOOOO close.
I have my InterCall note for when I host webinars. you know, all my call in info.
What did I do before YouTube? Oh, that's right. I watched stupid crap on cable.
Absolvng sins – Pope Benedict XVI exonerates Jewish people for their part in the death of Jesus in his Jesus of Nazareth Part II. Realllyyyyy??
“That cranberry pistachio bar, is that made with GF oats?”
260. Roasted Vegetables w/ Pan Seared Peaches & Microgreen Salad w/ Peaches & Dried Currants @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 8:03 p.m.
An Act appropriating such sums as may from time to time be released by the Central Bank representing excess monetary reserves, and authorizing the President of the Philippines to issue bonds, certificates or other evidences of indebtedness covering such amounts. (Approved, June 15, 1948.)
8:00 – Silver Apples, Oneida, Joshua Light Show @ Abrons Art Center $20
Then again, it could piss straight into the wind,
It’s a website for unsigned artists, and is highly recommended by companies such as; BBC, Music Union, PRS for music, etcetera.
185 – Justin Barnes (Big Country MMA, 1-0) def. John Wilson (Take the Risk MMA, 0-1) via TKO (ground-and-pound) at 1:00 of Round 1.
The line between writer and crazy person is very thin. Both go around holding long, involved conversations with people who aren't there.
For the dish, just ladle the mushrooms and vegetables on a dish and top with Vegan feta cheese. If you can’t find Vegan feta cheese, Vegan mozzarella would be delicious as well. If you’re really going for the lowest calories, serve the dish without the gravy. It will still be juicy and the taste of the mushrooms will be intensified. Garnish with parsley and serve.
Top with more pecans and a final drizzle of caramel sauce. Enjoy!!
are calling from
As a growing number of media headlines attest, pepper spray and Tasers are finding their way into our public schools. Yet, there are documented risks associated with using them on children, particularly those with asthma or other health conditions. When applied in a school setting, pepper spray has been known to cause severe reactions, in one instance sending several Texas students (including innocent bystanders) to a hospital after the officer's pepper spray got into the school ventilation system.
** To non-Brit readers, that's a technical term for the bricks 'twixt you and the neighbours. Not a wall covered in lurex, Twister mats and balloons.
Any my design wall for today. I got two more swoon blocks done (the ones on top are the new ones), two more kitty corner blocks and I started a new practice quilt. I'm going to try quilting baptist fans on this one. I"ll keep going around with rainbow colors, yellow, green, teal. We'll see. I'm on vacation all week. Husband is working, kids are back at school and all I have to do is sew :) Does it get any better????
Spread it out on a cookie sheet and bake at 300° for about an hour--until it's nice and toasty.
You remember that recipe?
Boyd hit the headlines in February when he admitted that two-thirds of the time he was on the mound, he was under the influence of cocaine. “Some of the best games I’ve ever pitched in the major leagues I stayed up all night; I’d say two-thirds of them,” said Boyd. “If I had went to bed, I would have won 150 ballgames. I wasn’t doing anything that other ball players weren’t doing at the time, because that’s how I learned it.”
Kind of like the (incestuous!) love child between Blade Runner and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Code 46 is about love in the time of being almost-post-human. The film pushes special PPCC buttons by also being post-colonial: it acknowledges the Rest of the World, and what its position would be in a freaky future. But best of all: it's just a sweet, heady, doomed romance full of brooding darkness and two very weird people.
I need motivation. I need… I’m not sure what I need.
After I had a good collection of ideas on paper, I stepped back to decide which sconce to tackle first. The idea that appealed to me the most was a 3 candle wall sconce with antlers on each end of the sconce. Now to find the materials. I selected a couple pieces of wood that I thought would make a nice sconce face and shelf, and then I looked through my collection of antlers and found an interesting, smaller rack that I decided to cut apart to mount to each end of the sconce. After cutting the wood to the appropriate sizes, I began the work of sanding the pieces to a smooth, even surface. I used a combination of my power orbital sander and careful hand sanding to make those pieces as soft and smooth as a baby’s bottom, which took a considerable amount of time and effort. Still loving the burned edge look, I used my trusty torch to carefully burn all 4 edges of the sconce face and the 3 visible edges of the shelf. The next step was to decide how I wanted to have the candles sit on the shelf. I came to the realization that I wanted the candle holders to sit in recessed holes on the top of the shelf to prevent them from shifting or falling. This required a couple more purchases. First, I had to find the candle holders that I wanted to use. I ended up choosing smoky colored, tea light holders because I thought they would match the burned edges of the wood and pull the piece together. I decided to also get some of the battery operated, flameless tea lights because I didn’t want to have to worry about fire hazards with open flames near varnished wood. Better safe than sorry. After buying the candle holders and candles, I had to buy a set of drill bits to make the depressions in the shelf. I ended up getting a set of bits ranging from 1/4″-2 1/8″ so I would have the bits to make many different sized holes for this project and projects of the future. Plus, I got 10 bits for about double what 1 2″ bit would’ve cost me. Good deal.
for some things
The 1911 has worn a lot of different grips over the years and I've tried many, but for me, a good set of rubber, checkered grips (molded over nylon cores in the case of the Hogue grip panels) seem to work well and I don't mind roughing them up a bit since I shoot in all kinds of weather conditions.
Brown bottles filter out the light at these wavelengths and so protect the beer. Clear bottles don't; neither do green bottles. And although commercial beer isn't likely actually to sit out in the sun for any length of time, there is UV light in indoor florescent lighting as well. So although the required exposure time is longer, the effect can be the same: a degraded product over time.
If we do or say something “in the name of the Lord Jesus” it means that we represent Him by what we do or say. What we do or say directly reflects upon Him. Ouch!!
1 embody
Simon was an early ticker. He ticked off beers in the Good Beer Guide as he tried them. He was keen to tick Oldham's beers. There was another reason Oldham was attractive: the opening hours. The pubs stayed open until three in the afternoon, but re-opened at five. The spoilt youngsters of today can't appreciate the horror and inconvenience of afternoon closing. total pain in the arse. Oldham was the only place I knew where it was just two hours.
Zoo in the Bois de Vincennes
The mother of two was gobsmacked. She started explaining to me how she had so much to do during the week and how exhausted she was between work and taking care of the house, husband and boy. How all these things meant she didn't really have a chance to do these things with her boy. I had to tell her to stop making excuses because they weren't necessary! I told her that I have time to play games and research activities to do with my daughter because I work less then half the hours she does and I have two gorgeous cleaning ladies!
Pretty much what what most people would call the 12 years of required schooling but I would say that I am still an unschooler.
11. Site plan of property 24
Of course, it won’t be long until Gabby’s daughter, Pinkie, figures out were that sunny spot is. Blind as she is, she’ll find it, and she’ll enjoy lying there just as much as Gabby used to. Now she’ll have the spot all to herself.
In a way, it’s ironic. When I lived there, I hated being dragged out on weekends and made to DO STUFF, like pick berries or mushrooms, walk nature trails or cross country skiing. Always the couch potato, all I wanted was to be left at home with a good book. Who needed nature? That was for grown-ups and boring people. But my parents
enough to cistern this dry bourne we bone.
For activists hoping to change the world, occupying a square is a good tactic- it’s a constant protest, a permanent invasion of the public consciousness. But alone, it’s not enough. We need to orientate towards mass movements, providing the organisation, the infrastructure and the financial support wherever needed. We meed to go to millions of doorsteps and hundreds of community centres, and tie thousands of posters to poles.
I decided to make a post about GERD because most of the people doesn't know about it although they may sometimes felt the same feelings, signs and symptoms but they does not know what it is, sad to say but I personally is having this and it's so annoying!!! it was first started after giving birth to my 3rd child I think?because that's also the start of a sudden weight lost, I have a bloated stomach before and after eating so I can't eat as much as I want, I'm having a heart burn until I palpitate so often, I thought it was just because I'm also a coffee person and palpitations was just normal if you drink coffee but I started to reduce coffee intake but the feeling was still remains I often felt stomach pain that hurts, so I decided to consult my cardiologist and internist and found out I'm having a GERD (Gastroesophangeal Reflux Disease) and my doctor prescribe "Nexium" . after taking it for two weeks ( if I'm not mistaken because it's been almost 3 yrs. ago) I was a total relieved for me palpitations just ease and pain subsides but then again... I'm just a person, I got pregnant again and history repeats it's self LOL! means I started to feel the acid reflux again, some palpitations ans stomach pain but more severe this time...
I have been under the weather the last 2 weeks with pneumonia and am just now getting back into doing any crafting. I will be adding some cards in the next few days that I've done for our Club Scrap PSL challenge
He recently started following me and being that I have such a low follow number (20 as of today... a new milestone!) I checked him out and saw that he started a neat collection about Japanese players in order to get in touch with his roots. I really dug that and am big in to history and looking for all those small connections that help make us all become who we are. The fabric of life so to speak. Anywho, I had a few cards that I thought he might appreciate more then what I currently did and offered them up in a trade based off of a card I saw on his trade bait page that intrigued me.
Today I forgot this was the day of his anniversary.
You know, I had a rather tough time with this one as there are many books I like to re-read, but to choose only five to ever read again, well, that is a different matter entirely. I thought at first it wouldn't be a problem, but as I started thinking about it, I kept crossing books off the list and changing it. This is what ended up being on my final list.
To be honest, though, I already find my patience with the beta wearing thin. I guess I’m just not much of a tester, but all the glitches and failures get tiresome fast.
I would suggest the following:
Denise took the dress from her mother smiling the slightest, trying to hide it from Gracie who seen and slipped out the door so she could try it on.
President left to go to São Paulo and participate in the mission
180 g (6 oz) dark chocolate chopped
I highly recommend Caine's Pestilence as a fun and thought-provoking good read. This is one of the most intriguing and best novels that I have ever read. You can find John Bascom's site here.
1. Don't take it personally (because it's not really about you).
Anyone leaf
When you decide to work in your home full time, often you may have to spend sometime moving things around to better suit how you will work. Modern homes and renovated home are usually set up more for entertaining than for home production and family life. At the very least you should set up your kitchen to suit how you work but if that works well, maybe you can move and rejig how the rest of the house works for you too. Forget about what others are thinking - live as you wish, develop your skills and your self confidence and become more self reliant. There is no greater gift you can give to a child than to be there, to express love and support and to show them that the life you've built makes you happy. If you can do that, you'll be a fine role model along with being a fine parent.
● Encourage and facilitate suppliers in conducting assessments of
A few of my favs?
Factor S ? ?
Thanks to all who participated!
Not getting as much done in the house as I wanted.
Apart from her being very cute and pretty, this is what caught my attention:
13. Minnie The Moocher
Oh boy, was it Savannah who got the mosquito bites? Poor her!!
life of the party and she swears that she's artsy
Alain Badiou reminded me of something I learned back when I was studying the French revolutions but had somehow forgotten, or rather I had lost the sense of just how significant the realization was, what it implied, and how it manifests as an economic slavery. The economy is merely a symptom of politics, I am not supposed to suppose that Marx may have had something there in his philosophy so I won’t, but politics is people living together and our society is bound by economics as a determiner of social status and function-ability. The rich are getting richer and the poor are paying for it, carrying a burden of debt and deprivation that grows more and more oppressive every day.
Oh, yes--I mentioned to Mrs. M that my birthday was Friday because she asked if I was Valerie's age. So today they gave me a bottle of Chanel perfume...
We’re 37% down from our peak, but it’s still worth 2.2X more than we owe on the mortgage ($135K), meaning we’re still $163K ahead.
This is a reminder that our Sept club meeting will be Tue Sep 8 at The Coney, starting at 8pm. The topic for this month will be 'evaluating beer'. Many of us really enjoy our homebrew and other beer on a level that others don't quite get. But what does it take to judge a beer? How good are we at picking up subtle notes of ingredients and off flavors? If we smell or taste something - can we describe it accurately? At this meeting, let's talk about the process of evaluating beer - from appearance to aroma to taste. We can also discuss how beer judges score a beer within style guidelines, and perhaps we can think about some of our members submitting some beers to upcoming contests!
2 pork tenderloins
Or maybe it was. Here's where my memory kicks in. A week or so after John Kerry picked John Edwards as his VP, I saw Elizabeth, just Elizabeth, on C-SPAN hosting some kind of town hall-type campaign event. She seemed totally at ease with herself as she answered questions from a not always adoring audience. She came across as smart, knowledgeable, witty, and personable. What she was saying was basically mainstream liberalism, circa 2004. But she put everything in her own words, something that politicians aren't always capable of doing. She seemed to care and believe in what she was saying. In a just world, Elizabeth Edwards perhaps could have and perhaps would have run for president herself.
Sainsbury's is also doing the same deal on litre bottles of Bell's Whisky, Gordon's Gin and Smirnoff Red Label vodka.
The way I see things, second person narratives have a strong emphasis on what is there to see. Strong on impression and description to immerse the reader in the world, but not to force them into a certain character mold, the second person POV is very much one that has an empty character ‘shell’ for a reader to insert themselves into, and thus allows one to experience the story as if it is happening directly to the reader. Other than obvious cues (such as getting tired when running, or a scene where you get drunk after drinking three cups of ale etc.), the reader’s experience is very much that of looking in on the world and story that the writer has created.
Alright. Thank you for letting me get all of that off my chest.
It is a cosmic sign, a prelude to our annual rendezvous with Galactic Center — that dark patch in the Milky Way — when the Sun, including us, microscopic specks of energy clinging on to the plane of the ecliptic, all nine planets of our system as one, align with our Motherboard, the Creator-black-hole, call it what you will, in the middle of our Galaxy. Then, spiralling away one more time, we shall head off for another year of peripatetic searching through infinite realms of space until, two years from now, we return for that Great Meeting with Source prior to winter solstice 2012.
Please email me ( link on sidebar ) with your mailing info and which pack you won.
January: *writes a short*
You'd best beware Moogie the Magical, thieving scum, or I'll transform you into the literal slime that you are and deliver you up to Obama's algae-based energy experiments! At least there you'll be among your own kind, and potentially productive, instead of just another leeching wart on the nose of society.
light illuming every light
She is starting to look so different now than she did before. I always wonder what you would look like now at nearly 2 years old, a big boy, talking and walking and being your brother's best buddy. Finn misses you so much it breaks me. Whenever he sees a raven in the yard he says "look Mom, a Henry bird!"
Crystal Lanvin hair pins
Kaplan & Kaplan (1989) described escape as “an absence of some aspect of life that is ordinarily present, and presumably not always preferred” (p. 183). They describe three types of escape: 1) Escaping distraction; 2) escaping work; 3) escaping mental effort.
We did not
How's it feel A!? How does it feel!
Battles (All 1ON1)
The East put out a single flag,
Liv
This is what these almost daily contest emails have become for most of these brands. Everyone from airlines to tampon makers have sent me emails, to enter contests, but only after I LIKE them on Facebook. Ninety percent of them have no relevance to me, my purchase history or my interests. It seems all these so called social media agencies are throwing the kitchen sink to drive up campaign success metrics, which frankly are of little value for the brand. Because even if the grand prize for a tampon product was so amazing that I decided to LIKE it to simply be eligible to enter, I am never going to purchase that product of have any future interaction of engagement with the brand.
Going outside, however, doesn't mean you have to give up cold draft beer or settle for purchasing a half-keg or keg. Take this item from Krups, better known for its coffee making equipment.
When I first went to the shooting course with John and he would say shoot, many times I just stood there. Fortunately, John didn't say if you don't shoot next time, I am going to shoot you, but sometimes he would yell. My husband said that weekend one could visible see me fighting my mind. I struggled to get over my fear of shooting my gun. John has a very good ability to know when to push and when not to. There were times he would yell shoot and there were times he would get close in and talk me through it and there were times he and the whole class would stand back and let me work through it. It is no exaggeration to say I would stand there with my gun pointed at the target for several minutes and not shoot. Then take a shot and stand there again for 30 seconds or more.
Yes, it’s uncomfortable. It’s probably the worst part about public speaking delivery. But your presentation needs eye contact in order to succeed.
Arham! You sound like some bollywood hero who always gets to know if his girl was in some trouble. And then he smiled at his own lame joke. Maybe he was taking things a bit too seriously. Maybe there was nothing to worry about. Maybe.
And refuse to let me make a pound
2 tablespoons cream liqueur
she says the Bible is all that she reads and prefers that I not use profanity
A great self help idea which can help you alter your every day life is to begin training yoga exercise. Exercising yoga is the best way to get in good shape and it’s also very therapeutic. You can even find forms of yoga exercises that aim that will help you get more in contact with on your own.
Gary’s Marketplace has 3 locations all with a very nice selection of wine, beer, and great staff. That said, If your ever in the Bernardsville NJ area looking for a great bottle of wine look no further and ask for Troy, he’ll help you out!
Can you say BURLAP?????
“What the Big Ten said last week got everybody’s attention,” said Cobb, a former football player at N.C. State. “What it really showed is that the gap in college football is not between Division I-A and I-AA. It’s between the BCS schools and everybody else Division I-A.”
This is great news for Boo if he accepts the position... And he most likely will.
Another amazing A SMALL CHAT for you small space dwellers. This one feature the talented and sweet Jill Sorenson, owner of Marmalade Interiors and blog, Live.Like.You. As an interior designer, Jill has such a design eye and a real passion for creating impactful and comfortable spaces for clients. Enjoy her small chat below to hear about her design process, using color in small spaces, her launch of her decor line and how she ended up in the design industry. There are so many great tips here - enjoy them!
These students are calculating the cost of the items on their list.
2.You can submit any recipes starting from starters,main course,soup ,salads,juices,smoothies but no deep frying please.
Picking up right where Divergent left off, Insurgent explores what Tris will do now that war has erupted. As far as she knows, almost everyone she loved is dead - some by her own hand, something that she can never forgive herself for. Plagued by doubt and overwhelming guilt, Tris has to decide if there is anything worth living for after all. And of course, we all know what Tobias thinks about that :D
Instagram and Pudding.to.
Am I raising little sociopaths that are aggressive, overly-emotional and anti-social? Don’t I spend enough time with them? Teach them right from wrong? Be a good role-model? Read to them quality stories every night with good moral values…
comic strips, porno movies, circuit designs, grocery baggings,
Busy Day Busy People tells the story of the ins and outs of daily life. Through words and very detailed illustrations, we learn about people working in stores and hospitals. We see pictures of auto mechanics and circus workers. Farmers grow our food and chefs prepare it for us in restaurants. And construction workers build new buildings in the city.
And you probably thought I was going to say, "What is black n' white and red all over?" No, I'm not going there, but now you see a sunburned Zebra...lol
Fast forward to work, and everyone loved it even though I wasn't convinced. I had patients complementing me on my "such natural pretty red hair" which I had to tell them was fake, and co-workers telling me it brought out my eyes, and another triage nurse telling me I can now be the "bitch in the box," just like her - the name for the nights her red-haired self is out in triage.
And to help you out, I offer a couple of sources for supplies, including the chair. Of course, check out your local restaurant supply stores for used chairs. I doubt they will be $2. like in the olden days of my youth, but I suspect they will be eminently affordable.
5 frosty and glittery accents and mats
Torn off unused - nor wretchedly because
Heat your non-stick frying pan on medium high heat.
“She was the girl talking on the phone and she had been looking for me since she was able. Despite her brain damage and crippled body she had survived, grown up, married and had children. She wanted to say “thanks” and to tell me how she had got on… about her home, her children and husband.
If the law requires you to run, what message does this send? The message becomes loud and clear that the streets belong to the thugs and criminals who are free to seek out their victims who they know are at a disadvantage since their intended victim does not have the option of fighting back. Also, as a practical matter, we all know that under these circumstances, the criminal is long gone by the time the police get involved and the criminal goes unpunished. I believe that this is wrong because it gives the criminal control of the situation and reduces the victim to a helpless pawn in the criminal’s game. This is no way to stop or discourage crime.
But now two paces of the vilest earth
and though we’d be together,
Journalists who bribe policemen are indicative of a flawed industry. Policemen who can be bribed are indicative of a flawed state.
Cherry Mojitos (see picture below)
I know I've been preaching and preaching about not buying things in "boxes" and off the shelves pre packaged... but there is ONE item I love... that I DO buy pre packaged... and that's Trader Joes, precooked Brown Rice,in the frozen food section... in a green box. I LOVE THAT STUFF! It has one ingredient... BROWN RICE... and it's the MOST convenient way to prepare it, when in a hurry... 3 packages for 3 bucks... and it's delish!
So… we now have a more manageable field of films to work with…The Semi Finalists are:
Letter 2: 164 B.C.
However, consider this: no clinical evidence exists for it, only anecdotes. Also, toxicity studies show that ClO2 (MMS), in doses lower than Jim recommends, is a neurotoxin and a thyroid toxin. These both are worrying. The fact that Jim sells MMS, or at least used to, and now instead makes money from others with his book, DVDs, courses and royalties from other MMS suppliers, then lies and says he makes no money from MMS, is even more worrying, especially since we’re talking about what is supposedly a medicine. A pseudo medicine that is being targeted specifically at those most vulnerable, those with cancer, AIDS and other life threatening, horrible illnesses. Even worse, it’s targeted at those with chronic illnesses, those with the most potential to suffer from the long term damaging effects of it.
On June 20th, Tim and I signed a contract on our new home. We got word that our financing was approved and that we will be closing on July 29th. We are so very excited about our new adventure in our new home!
Again, no response. This time he followed with “AN ANSWER IS REQUIRED!”
Second, I regurgitated to Douthat what I thought was the most powerful critique of Sessions’ piece: many of the social “problems” Douthat raises seem to find better results and answers in other nations where they apply increased secularization, not less. Rather than fit the mold Sessions’ would seem to put him in–a closeted neo-fundamentalist whose only reason for not accepting these secular solutions is his religious preferences that have no foundation in reality or pragmatism–he instead questioned the premise itself.
Punches: Small Heart Punch; Large Heart Punch; Pinking Heart Punch; Designer Label Punch
A pristine burning so hard up
Did anyone in the USG have any advance information?
It's important that you don't just focus on the wedding day itself after you're engaged. Remember that after the wedding you are married to this person for better or worse till death do you part - or if you decide to divorce, which we don't hope for when we decide to marry someone, right?
There is plentiful evidence from business consulting firms including McKinsey & Co., and from Catalyst, a nonprofit research group, that companies with gender-diverse management teams experience higher growth in their share prices, better-than-average operating profits, and outperform their rivals in terms of sales, return on investment capital and return on equity, according to the report. That research showed that women asked more questions and made fewer reckless decisions, proving that “women are not a cost, women are a benefit,” Ms. Reding said.
A postscript: I've resisted pointing out that Shit on Your Play had, up to the publication of the Global Mail article, (after this flash of notoriety, who knows what will happen?), gained as many hits - or maybe pageloads - in its entire life as TN averages in a month, because saying so lays me open to the kind of attacks that claim I wrote this because my nose has been put out of joint. But put it this way: the West End Whingers began to attract wider notice in the press because they were so popular. If SOYP were a similar popular phenomenon, the attention paid would not be puzzling at all, and there would be a different sort of argument.
I spent Saturday in church! Not my normal location but quite enjoyable. I'd been asked if I'd like a free craft stall at the church spring flower festival. As the forecast wasn't great and the boxes in the spare room had a selection of makes left in them it seemed a good idea. I mean getting to sit down, drink tea, natter, read and crochet uninterrupted by my menfolk - what more could a girl ask for? Oh and there were sales to be made and funds will be deposited in my savings account this week :)
what I loved is that Jamie mentioned using colors like red, pink
to use with my computer/mouse etc.
Two thousand light years away
His niece, Ana Wright, says her grandparents didn't allow her father to learn Afrikaans. "Spanish lessons cost a lot. My grandfather said he didn't want to waste his money on his children learning a language if they weren't going to use it." Juan Wright chips in: "When my mother and my aunt came here, they couldn't speak any Spanish. When they went to the shops, they had to point at the things they wanted. Our parents wanted us to be Argentinian so that we didn't have to go through that."
2.-Pattern of anergy with high amount of CD5 Bright on CD8 (T8)
Final Price:$4.49 after coupon
Truly... I'm not a stalker.
Rivaled only by Young Frankenstein (which I’ve already discussed) this is probably Mel Brook’s funniest film. If this movie has one flaw, it is the ending which, I think we all admit is a little forced. But even that can’t dim the surreal ingenius/ingenious of Kahn’s bizaare/bizarre stage number or Sherriff Bart holding himself hostage. There are few scenes in this film which aren’t hilarious.
1 darkened
- 3 tablespoons of brown sugar
Being the coffee lover that I am ;)
Lovely Talented David Barrie is to write something to go with my story:)
You need the victory
(You’ll never need that cabin,)
Last night was our monthly quilt guild meeting and we were fortunate to have a sales rep from Sulky® as our featured guest. Eric actually lives right down the road from where we meet in Port Charlotte!
According to Ozymandias, Bill kept a hat in his living room in Britain. The hat belonged to Serbian General Ratko Mladic – who is still on the run for war crimes as I write this. During the Yugoslav wars, Bosnian forces ambushed Mladic’s car in an attempt to assassinate him; he was not in the car but his hat was. So the Bosnians killed his driver and gave the hat to Bill, whom they admired. That was the explanation Bill Foxton gave.
Enjoy your Saturday!
The big night.
Let's go back to the top of the closet, so you can see that there are two full-length-of-the-closet shelves, perfect for storage of extra blankets, sheets (in bin), clothes that are too small and waiting for their next home (in bin), etc. There's plenty of empty space on the top shelf next to the blankets.... thrilling! That means there is room for growth, if needed. My guess is adding a third child, who will be a girl, will take care of that little problem. ;)
It was all so quick! I only had a five minute slot. I was ushered into the studio with about two minutes to go until I was on, and the presenter told me I had five minutes to 'sell it' before they moved on to the next feature. I actually enjoyed the whole experience, and now that I've got the first one out of the way I'm looking forward to doing more.
Therefore the urging and inciting, with which the emperor and the princes have heretofore been stirred up to fight against the Turk, ought to cease.
"'Beauty,' i.e., that which makes something interesting, is related to a mixture of regularity and irregularity. When things are too regular, we usually find them to be uninteresting because they yield no surprises for us. Complementary to this, highly irregular things are often uninteresting because they make no sense. In the middle, between regularity and irregularity, lies a place where things can be understood, but not completely." ~ Title and excerpt from The Computational Beauty of Nature by Gary William Flake.
Here’s the box of the Beena Lite (hmm… XD) being bundled with the new Best Wishes game:
what more apt than to think
Much of what she saw delighted her: the manners of school children and their love of learning, the independence of American women and the loyalty and support they enjoyed from their husbands, and the can-do spirit that we still today think of as particularly American. And then there were the things that saddened her (treatment of Native Americans), frustrated her (no wine with dinner!), and yes, even grossed her out (public spitting and nose picking, which she mentions more than once). At the end of her journey, she is looking forward to returning home to France but full of regret at leaving a place she has learned to love.
This Cosey turned out beautifully!
It is Super Bowl week, a time that means so many different things to so many different people. If your team isn’t participating, then you are left to your own devices as to how you relate to the game. A social event? Holding a grudge against a participating player or team? My team is not in Indy, and there is little in the way of personal interest in any of the particulars (my fanship of Eli Manning notwithstanding).
Australia's national and state governments have combined to deliver a robust public health program that has had notable success in reducing coronary disease, the AIDS/HIV infection rate, cigarette smoking, and the mortality rate from traffic accidents. Australians enjoy a high level of immunization vaccination that has reduced the level of infectious disease, although not entirely.
Most days I’m good. But then there are those other days, the ones where my feet burn for 12 hours straight and I can’t focus and I think about doing this for another 60 years and I, well, I break down.
Also inspired by my breakfasts these morns ... anything buttery right from cookies or scones or toast spread with layers of cream cheese ,butter and my chunky strawberry preserve which am so oooo in love with .........
A night in homes, complete experience Maramures. Articles are invited to a cheese, traditional food in the region, a glass of plum brandy collected from the field early autumn. You can listen Petreus brothers, his carols Hrusca, you can warm up to increase, because winter in Maramures is very horrible, and then to lie in bed at cadurica.
Reflections mirrored from within
Mexico’s lower house unanimously passed an anti-human-trafficking bill that establishes preventative and punitive measures and provides aid to victims of that crime.
Huh! I’m going to be Queen Mother at Camelot soon if things go to plan, and the girl claims she’s never even heard of me! I was the one who slept with my silly half brother to sire that ungrateful little bastard Mordred so my sisters and I could sit him on the throne after Arthur’s death… yet apparently in her world, Morgan’s claimed all the credit, and Elaine and I don’t even exist! What did I do wrong?
But no gunfire could be heard.
The fate of Obamacare will be decided shortly by the Supreme Court after 26 States brought suit against it as unconstitutional, but Obama, who was the editor of the Harvard Law Review and taught constitutional law, apparently has not read the document, claiming the judges are “unelected” (they are appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate) and therefore have no right to pass judgment despite Marbury v Madison that established the Court’s role of judicial oversight.
The neighborhood is very safe. I am not saying there’s no crime.
This is a completely different experience from any other bike I’ve ever ridden. The Peugeot is a race horse, a real thoroughbred. It doesn’t have all the fancy equipment of a brand new road bike, but it’s light as a feather and it goes fast.
In this provocative and unvarnished account of his three years on the continent of his ancestors, Richburg takes us on a extraordinary journey that sweeps from Somalia to South Africa, showing how he confronted the divide between his African racial heritage and his American cultural identity.
Every year New Year's Eve rolls around and I feel like I should be making resolutions for the new year. I should be turning new leaves and lining up goals. It's what you do. But every year my brain rejects such activities. It looks around and says "I don't see anything new about it. It's exactly like the past weeks and no different from the coming weeks." And so and resolutions I had been contemplating easily dissolve into mush simply because I can't keep them in my head.
﻿﻿﻿My weekly visit to the site has been postponed until tomorrow. Persistent heavy rain prevented any kind of activity today including a visit we had planned to Montmelo. The motor circuit is just down the road from here in Cardedeu and home to the Catalunya Grand Prix. The plan had been to get there early to join the ‘petrol heads’ watch the ultimate Formula 1 practice day prior to the start of the F1 season later this month. Personally, I’m no great fan of what I grudgingly consider a sport and the thrill was planned more for our son and to experience first-hand the speed and certainly the noise that permeates across this part of Catalunya whenever a race is on.
recreate an egg-hunt on our family room floor.
Our main character (who doesn't have a name until about 1/2 way through) is human -- otherwise known as a heper. The world is now populated with "people" who are vampires. Gene (the name of the main character) has lived hidden among the vampires, pretending to be one of them, risking his life every day for his whole life.
Check out our Facebook Event for more details and to RSVP, so we can add you to the guest list. We already have a massive amount of people coming.. almost 40 have RSVP’ed so far so you do not want to miss this!!
Report Facts, Do Not Withhold Facts Please - Or simply get out of the Journalism business.Name the bar, report eyewitness accounts, and do not be afraid to give a profile of the alleged perp.
And later that day, finishing the last 'Elmo cake':
7. Allow offshore oil and gas exploration.
7. Without giving the plot away, what was the hardest aspect of writing the book? A scene, a character?
Finally out of the psych ward, Amy joins forces with J.C. to find the killer before he closes in on them. Can their growing attraction withstand the truths they uncover?
This years event is set to include three plenary sessions and has provision for 120 presentations in parallel sessions focused on a wide array of topics, including energy supply and price forecasts, energy efficiency, climate change, renewable energy, and the interface of energy, environmental, and economic issues.
To all my buddies: I have disabled the anonymous commenting; so please do let me know if you face any issues in posting comments.
I believe I've said that phrase dozens of times in the last 6+ months or so. Just over a year ago I was a relatively sedentary person with an unhealthy lifestyle and an unhappy outlook on life. At this time last year, who would have thought...
The reason I originally turned on word verification was to stop an avalanche of spam. Following a complaint, I experimentally turned it off again, but the spam flood resumed, so it went back on again about 18 hours later.
OKAY, so I just tracked down Spazzle and had him trace that e-mail from the guild guy to find out where this fucker is from. I was expecting him to be from someplace way out in the middle of nowhere, where he’s got nothing to do but play this game and think he’s all hot shit for being the guild leader, because for fuck’s sake guild leaders always seem so fucking full of themselves, but anyway, check THIS out – turns out this guy is logging on from Theramore.
Grab the button. Copy the code under the button in my sidebar and paste it into an HTML Java Script element on your own sidebar to let all your friends know you're joining in. This is a great way to encourage your own readers to begin as well - to develop a more thankful heart.
Wow my 800th post was awesome!! Best blogger ever!!
If the volunteers really want to reassure the community, they might wish to give their assurances that the BBC report about abuse in Islamic schools has no bearing on Gloucester. Islamic terrorism really is as much of a ‘Big Issue’ here as ‘bonkers boundaries’.
To me, this is Douglas Adams’ legacy. Things aren’t always easy. They don’t always go to plan. No matter what we think, or how important we think we are, there’s always a bigger picture that doesn’t have us in it. And yet, amongst all the chaos, uncertainty, the salmon of doubt and irrelevance there’s always something, however tiny, that’s funny, beautiful, hopeful and our job, or rather the key to our happiness and fulfillment, is to find and focus on that.
a recipe that comes from the deen brothers as a lightened up version of their famous mother's famous recipe strikes my interest right away. this soup does not disappoint. I am a girl that loves soup, not any old soup, but a thick, hearty, warms the soul type of soup. yes, this met my requirements. this is the same soup I made a few weeks ago and posted here on the blog without knowing the source. my mother-in-law knows her soups too. I just went to the grocery store tonight and found the italian turkey sausage I haven't been able to find yet. so I'll be making this one again, SOON.
The implications for international policy are clear, but will the lavishly funded birth control and abortion industry take note?
There are many ways to cook potatoes. One of my favorite is soya sauce potato.
Love Love
and my grand attempt to get to grips with the horrors. I signed up for a knitting day with a wonderful norwegian lady, Annemor Sundbo, and attempted to knit gorgeous norwegian style mittens. Before we go any further the next photos are work NOT of my hands as much as I wish it were - I'll just have to aim towards it!!
Me: "Hell ain't soundin' half bad to me right about now."
Today: I'm going on a shopping diet and I'm going to explain my plan to you.
What excites you about the new Linkin Park album?
Now that you realize how important the first impression really is when it comes to building a cadre of brand advocates – customer loyalty that causes individuals to favor you over lower priced competitors, give you the benefit of the doubt and who will, without doubt, be your best source of word of mouth referrals – now that you understand the importance of the first impression that your business makes, it’s time for you to evaluate the first impressions your business is making, across all customer touch points.
12. Pretty Baby - 1958
I don’t know what more to say. It was like a blind date on the Valentine’s day.
Obi climbs on the stool in the bathroom. Thankfully he can't reach the sink to turn on the water. He finds the toothbrushes in a drawer and tries them one by one. He LOVES water and baths. One day Mitch came home from basketball and turned on the shower. While he was waiting for the water to warm, he wandered into the kitchen to talk with me. Within seconds we heard a thump followed by a short delay, then a cry. Obi had climbed into the shower, which was now hot, fully clothed and couldn't get back out. I stripped him down and let him get back in with Mitch once the water was set at a tolerable temperature. Then he loved it.
Knox, Robert 1911 A Historical Relation of Ceylon, ed. by J. Ryan, Glasgow: James Maclehose & Sons.
What you see above is the Rancilio Silvia home espresso maker. My first home espresso maker since the Krups Espresso Mini I bought in 1990! I also got a Rancilio Rocky doserless grinder.
Dale's tip for staying toasty in winter: Position yourself strategically and enjoy two heat sources at one time, sunshine on your front end and heat from the radiator on your rear end!
When I started this line of full spectrum paints over ten years ago, it was with the intent that I keep my pricing in line with major paint manufacturers so that it would be affordable for everyone because I truly believe (& get constant feedback) that our paints are healing, bringing joy and balance to everyone who comes into contact with them. Due to the scarcity of one of the most important ingredients in good paint, titanium; all paint manufacturers have increase their prices as many as 4 times a year over the past couple of years. However, even at our increased prices, it all comes down to only 15 cents per square foot for our most popular VOC-free “certified green” Lifemaster product. Considering that paint makes the biggest impact on any space, covering far more surface than anything else, it’s still a bargain! Here’s a link to the pricing information: Pricing and Product Data
Second thing: There is only one person on the planet that you can change! And it isn't your spouse!!!
The Agricultural Revolution in the 18th Century
In a statement, Howard said the initiative is the perfect marriage of how athletes can leverage celebrity status to make positive changes in their communities.
I hate you because you chased my son.
This is Womens History Month. A Catholic friend sent this to me. As a practicing Lutheran, I salute these sisters for taking a stand. That is what makes people’s history–the real stuff.
Muslims Are Not Offended by Celebrations of Other Religions
It doesn't matter what type of bar you bartend at. Having a sense of humor and a good personality will always help you build up a regular clientele base, even when you are competing with half naked girls running around all over the place.
In my new apartment, we sacrificed a large bedroom for a kick-ass Chapel St location. Consequently we had to economise when it came to organising more clothes than David Jones. Aside from a lot of op shop donations and a quickly filling rubbish bin for dilapidated shoes, we invested in several under-bed rollaways to fill with winter clothes, now that summer was on its way (a bold move!). Today I pulled on my work staple, a tailored navy blue suit and patent black heeled pumps, and mused that very soon, this too would find a home in the tubs beneath my bed.
creeps across her virgin flesh
Currently, an applicant may request an interview prior to a first action. Granting of an interview is within the discretion of the examiner who has not yet reviewed the case, and the applicant may be required to identify relevant documents and explain how the invention is patentable over these documents.
After World War I the British Empire was at the height of its world wide power. The rivalry between the United States and Great Britain during the 1920s and 1930s over who would control the world’s oil supply led American strategic planners to envision the day when America might be at war with Great Britain. War Plan Red ("Joint Army and Navy Basic War Plan -- Red"), formulated and approved in 1930 and declassified in 1974, set out America’s plan to eliminate Great Britain as a significant economic rival. Most of America’s plans revolved around the annexation of Canada and the islands of Jamaica, Barbados and Bermuda. These were American imperial dreams dating to the time of the American Revolution, when American forces were repulsed in their attempt to conquer Canada. American attempts to annex Canada during the War of 1812 were similarly repulsed.
WHO ranking 32 (US 37)
Hey guys! I love making this for my breakfast. Be warned, though: Since it’s basically just apples, it’s NOT a full breakfast and you’ll soon get hungry.
On a cloudy day the sun finally broke through on this shot and played lots of tricks with the white balance adjustments I was doing. This was the best I could achieve in making it as realistic as I could. These three shots all go well with telling a story about the tower and the details in it that many might overlook. Up next I will be reviewing this roll of film and showing some ones that did not make the cut.
The show also features extensive excerpts from Tod Machover's 1987 opera VALIS. I'd never heard this composition and now that I have I can't say I was wrong to stay away for so long. But still, it's interesting to check out just for a sense of the opera's flavor. Note: Garland waits until near the end of the show to play these excerpts so if you get bored in the middle of John Williams' score for Spielberg's adaptation of Minority Report, make sure to skip ahead before surfing on.
Nicolaitanes were known for their lascivious life style, for false
The statuesque South African actress, 34, appeared at a live auction event and gala for the group, which works to improve the overall health and living conditions of children living in poor countries.
Daniel and The Greater Works Team
to love.
So they can handle “Gotcha Questions” from the “lamestream” media.
She says, "Mama" occasionally when she is fussing. Yes, I know it's not intentional, but it's music to my ears!
As always we have 2 parts to the challenge and you can choose either or both to play along with.
I didn’t want to interact yet perversely I couldn’t help but look at the message totals. I’d stealthily peek: 200 unread emails, 800, 1,572 unread emails, 2,150 spam. The totals rose along with gripping anxiety. I questioned. What if that hurt kitten dies without my help? What if the Prince of Estonia is killed before he can get out of the country? Maybe Doona needed his Viagra email. Should I forward it somewhere? What will my friends think if I don’t respond? Oh My God! Dozens of relatives have had birthdays and bridal showers and I’ve sent no cards or well-wishes. I’m such a horrible person!
The 2006 Album “Queen’s Greatest Hits” is the top-selling album in British Music History.
Remember that the subject of art is not just a big blob with the label art. It is composed of numerous subcategories and specializations. You need to choose a specialization because if you don't, your skills will be diffused trying to learn the many branches of art. Try to improve the most at the area of your interest. It could be painting, sculpture, digital arts or others.
(You have 24 hours to claim your prize, or I will choose another winner.)
I saw the answer when my inmate guide escorted me to the notorious punishment cell once used for torture. Today, he told me, this block houses only a single inmate. As we reached the end of the long concrete corridor and he put the key in the lock, he paused and asked, “are you sure that you want to go in?”
The DT have all been getting into the autumn mood with some wonderful creations and some of us have used images kindly given to us by Whimsy Stamps...
The newborn sister of one of the toddlers at Clio's daycare died over the weekend. It wasn't unexpected as she was born with a genetic issue that is considered "not compatible with life." In fact, the parents had fully expected her to be stillborn but they made the choice to carry her to term anyway, a decision I can relate to since Leif and I basically made the same one after we had exhausted most of the medical interventions available to us. But the baby surprised them all by being born alive and then staying alive for three weeks or so. From what I understand -I have never met these parents so all of this is secondhand information- they were able to take her home from the hospital and spend those weeks together as a family.
To put it straight out there, men, if we see women sitting out tanda after tanda, we should make a point of asking them to dance. I've been as guilty of this as anyone--not really paying attention if certain women weren't being asked to dance because I was too wrapped up in my own tandas. At other times I've assumed that sooner or later a man would ask her to dance, only to realize later that wasn't happening.
“There was a delay in the matter earlier. Breham told us that this was due to a disagreement between the public prosecutor’s office and judiciary,” Gabriel (left) added before attending a meeting with the French lawyer.
I knew as soon as I saw it - I wanted to redo it and hang it above my sewing desk I just refinished. So approximately 5 minutes after the fam took off this morning, I was changed into my painting clothes and was in the garage dismantling the hardware from the wood. First, I did some spray painting. To get an even coverage around the hooks and the screws, I stabbed them into a piece of cork board.
Spandau Ballet
I’ve spent the last few months in a lot of social studies classrooms and I keep seeing the same thing. Kids who are wasting a lot of time searching for stuff. They can’t search effectively, ending up with results that aren’t useful.
I have always tried (all discomfort and squeamishness aside) to maintain an open and honest diaglogue with my girls where issues of sexuality and gender are concerned, basing their readiness simply on their questions. If they ask, I answer as simply as possible and if they have follow up questions, I answer those as well. The downside of sex education at this early age is that no, it does not account for individual readiness.. but then again, neither does the media.
I live on a military base in a house up against an elementary school. Every day I hear the children playing in the school yard now that the new school year is started. I can hear the bell that rings every morning at eight thirty calling them to class. I can here the teacher's whistles as they line up their wards during physical education. I hear when the school day ends, but that is not all I hear.
When the distant clangs throw it off the course,
The investigator concluded Christopher Lasseter had "hunkered down" in what seemed to be an attempt to avoid further questioning.
The black old whippet could be seen composing himself, he began to sniff the air gently and then looked up at the cloudless morning sky.
9. Double Vision -- Foreigner
Roeser, a former newspaper editor, says The Clubhouse will be published quarterly and is always looking for quality submissions and articles that would be of benefit to agency owners, large, small and everything in between. “It’s wonderful to be in the position to do something I am genuinely passionate about, while giving something to our profession that will make us all better practitioners, better professionals and in general, better agencies. Clients trust us with their hard earned dollars, and we must continually earn that trust. This magazine will help us remember who really pays the bills.”
I have been informed I am on the roster of Apartment Therapy's Homie Awards,
Indeed, it is the biological imperative at work; men do a little peacocking, women accept or reject. Don’t get me wrong, men select and reject also, but women have lots of power. And yet, perhaps a suitable, healthy, compatible mate would come precisely from the population of those I’ve rejected. Perhaps I am over-selective based on bad experiences. Perhaps others do the very same thing.
Albert Camus said that "We all carry within us our places of exile, our crimes, and our ravages" and he was right on but when he said that "our task is not to unleash them on the world" he obviously wasn't talking about the Crimefactory.
I gulped and the room span around me.
- Finely chopped garlic
CTMH Ink- Cranberry
Baking stone
Edmondson: I think it was because Rik left his pile of porn mags in the room (laughs).
After two wonderful years working at the top home furnishing store Perch on Magazine Street in New Orleans, Valorie announces that she has left the shop, to do her own decor, styling, and event design projects, as well as working on her writing assignments and her book "New New Orleans Style (New NOLA Style)", and of course writing her ever popular blog, Visual Vamp.
If a friend stops by while you’re working, simply tell him/her that you’ve scheduled this time for spring cleaning. He or she is free to stay, as long as you could continue working. Perhaps, you might even get some help. If not, tell your friend you’ll stop by his or her house later on when you’re done.
It was SO easy to put together. The lights are already on it (and don’t go out if one dies) so that saved me hours of work.
Onion / Bottom part of the spring onion - 1/4 cup, finely chopped
Several articles were published about the talk; some supportive and some not. I'm going to address one particular criticism - that we should not even discuss the possibility that differences between the sexes account for some of the underrepresentation. To do so, it is claimed, propagates stereotypes which are harmful to women considering or already involved in science.
Today is another dinner at my other sisters house … I plan to get ready the same way too.
Yes. And I was disabused of the notion that the zinc lozenges that my family has always used actually had some effect. We really are a pretty gullible species, and in a lot of these cases, if any of these remedies work, it may be due to the force of our own beliefs, the placebo effect.
Korea
Probably one of the fastest years of my life, I guess that's what happens when you are having such a great time!! 2010 has been really good for us, it has been busy and productive. It's hard to just pin point one thing that was my favorite. Wait, who am I kidding? By far being married is the best thing out of 2010, yes the wedding was wonderful, just not nearly as wonderful as actually being married. It's weird because it feels so similar to when we were just engaged, but so totally different too! Anyway enough blabbing, here are a few of my favorite events/projects from the big 2010 ......
“Hang on” I hear you say, “That’s more than 15 bloggers!”
Many Christians see the church world in black and white. You have liberals on one side–they are the bad guys who doubt the resurrection and don't believe in the Bible. And on the other side you have the good guys who believe in the miracles, do not waver on the deity of Christ, and want lost people to be saved. We call these folks evangelicals or conservatives or Bible-believing Christians. Give them a checklist of doctrines and they will get almost everything right.
Digital Spy have revealed this week’s ten teasers for the upcoming episode of the fourth series of Being Human, ‘Hold the Front Page’. The episode sees the return of Adam (Craig Roberts), the middle-aged *teenage* vampire who made his debut in Series Three, but he hasn’t come to Honolulu Heights alone…
That if she could, she would make you a care package for this trip you are about to take: Seattle, the hair-tie around her wrist, the finger-made love letter (especially the list that resembles this one), four cans of whip cream, the Cherry Pie CD, the 305 key card, her glasses, a homemade meal, the little pieces of paper with your name on them, her best friends, her almost tattoo, the way you say ”Hi” to her, the hope that she helped you in some small way, lunch at PF Changs, a razor, soap, a hot shower, elation, a road trip, the heated seats in her car, her family, her love & friendship, music, a lifetime, Sierra Highway, the Lifehouse song, the Jason Mraz song, a song that hasn’t been written yet, a conversation in the dark at a party in your 20′s, a future, her future, your happiness, your self-worth, your self-love, her hand held out for you to hold, a picture you didn’t take together, that motorcycle, skipping class, conversations & quiet, everything she has learned about how to love, her unconditional love for you and lastly the knowledge that she knows. She does know. But you know that.
Our other demo person and fabulous Copic Certification instructor is Sally Lynn MacDonald. Here she is coloring some fairies and demoing basic marker tecniques to some very nice stores who are curious about the markers.
Man surely cannot live by hotdog alone.
Okay. So far, he’s adventurous, fearless, and travels well but we had lots of really cool names put up on facebook that could apply and nothing was really standing out.
Support – The sites hosts a user community forum to share information and troubleshooting guide
Lacy's daughter, Jennifer Lacy, plays in the WNBA.
WE have frequently to lament the loss of records, which might preserve the particular virtues and actions of individuals for the edification and emulation of all true Christians. As noticeable throughout all the previous volumes of this work, with the most earnest desire to render its several articles, more complete, documentary or traditional materials are not accessible, to rescue from obscurity the earthly career of so many among the children of light. Merely to learn their names—sometimes also those of their old places—and to know that they had lived, are all that can now be ascertained.
This is one of the very, very few period dramas that I watched and actually gained something from. Forgiving one’s enemy. Now, though I wasn’t entirely satisfied with this film, the small issues I had with it could be overlooked, as the message behind the story was so powerful. SO powerful that I now am determined to to finish reading the book (within my lifetime). If anyone has read it, please leave a comment, and tell me how great this novel is.
Did you like it?
Lord, Lord I’ll be delivered
Students work in pairs to play and one partner pulls out a digital time and places it on the matching clock on their board. If they have already covered that time up, they must return the digital time and their turn is over. If they get a "Time is Up!" they have to return one of the times that they already matched!
Gosh, nothing to see here, Americans, move right along.
With her letter she attached an article regarding The Atonement and how it helped someone survive their divorce. I cried as I read it, because somehow in the midst of all these months, I had forgotten I didn’t have to deal with this alone.
Tomorrow...more gentleman's clubs!
So I used dome scraps from Nana's box it is a paper stack called
The idea is an earthship like up in Taos, but in a sustainable thousand square foot size.
Today is also the first day of my participation in Holly Troy’s twenty-one day online writing course, “Writing the Energetic Body–Shedding Inhibition Workshop.” I think this is the first time I have ever participated in a writing course; I simply cannot recall if I ever did so previously. I AM excited about it, and I also noticed that there were some challenges I needed to overcome; I think the Universe wanted to make sure that I was going to participate in this course, no matter what. So far, so good.
My own fear is of spiders. Which makes total sense. The random movement, the sudden dart. A fear for which the bin alone is not sufficient prison. But then I’m totally sensible with completely rationale phobias. Unlike them. Them’s mad.
I didn't add an inside sentiment because I thought this could be a good wedding or Valentine's Day card but, I did make the inside match the front, with the border punch. Although rarely done, not one Cricut cut used on this one!!!
For Christmas that year I opened a small package containing two handkerchiefs… and found my mother’s watch nestled inside. My brother, Horace, wanted to see it, and as I passed it to him, somehow we dropped it. For quite some time I had a watch that didn’t work. Eventually Dad took it to Grassies Jewellers and had it fixed.
So yeah... I woke up after a bad nights rest. Sick. Tired. Not sleeping well. Afraid to sleep too soundly for fear of throwing up. I didn't, so that was good at least. But I did eventually wake up.
You've got no passion, no individuality and no dignity.
Do you ever eat at a restaurant and wish you could make your favorite dish at home? Well, this happens to me a lot! I started searching the internet for some of my favorites and I was amazed at how many recipes I found. I also use Pinterest.. A LOT and have yet to find a recipe that I didn't love on there. So, here is this weeks Pinterest/restaurant-inspired dish.
~Jason Sanford
Pique's got that stupid grin because we're going to the final, duh!
Along with the forest chirps, constant and alive
There is a school of psychology that believes that cognitive processes are shaped by the body, rather than the other way around. Yoga is enough to convince me of that.
Synchronised
Level 13: Weapon ATT: +13, Accuracy: +5%, Proc Rate: 52%, Deals 199% damage 2 times.
He trained under the very gorgeous Maggie Beer.
Jackson. . . . and are not at issue.
Once again, Chris Walken comes alive for Abel Ferrara in a vampire film for the ages. Feral, and often extremely moving, THE ADDICTION puts most bloodsucking movies well and truly in the shade.
I've sold a few more carbooted items on ebay over the weekend- I took advantage of their free listing the weekend before. It makes getting up early on a Sunday morning all the more worth it when I see the things sell.
But Mubarak, not unlike a long list of dictators throughout the world, and his regime were corrupt. Bribery and conflicts of interest were not just common in the government, they were systemic. Political opposition was crushed by the political machine built by Mubarak and his friends in the ruling National Democratic Party (NDP). Mubarak and his friends used the Emergency Law to cling to power, a law which allowed police to imprison and torture unknown numbers of dissidents and opponents without bringing formal charges against them.
*Sun is a candidate.
Their father shook his head slowly, as though chasing away a thought. "That's not how it's done."
Fri - off
We have too much fast food and more medicine but less health.
I would recommend Rochefort in the evening, like a Scotch or port. It's not so heavy or sweet that it couldn't be enjoyed after a modest meal, but perhaps too much if you're stuffed. With its warmth and comforting notes, it's a great winter ale, and you would certainly not regret having it in place of a Wassail this December.
When The Mist is Gone.
He's best known as the founder of Mute Records.
Creeping With the Enemy (Langdon Prep) by Kimberly Reid
I was making the coffee and our cat, Leo began his morning complaint. He wants to be fed and he wants to be fed now! I smile at him and tell him as I usually do that he meows like a girly-man. He takes offense to this and meows that much louder. I make my way into the bathroom where he follows with his insistent chatter then he proceeds to stick his ass in my face. I conceded and give his butt a good rub.
And, as the human animals that we are, we are also affected by the things that exist within us, as well. Instinct, honed by millions of years of evolution, have created a race of beings with the potential for greatness. Whether great joy, or great tragedy – is completely up to us as a species. Personal emotions and ideas form the way we interact with the world, aside from the “trained responses” that are part of society and parenting, pushing us to make decisions either for gain or for loss.
Jonathan (J.C.) Connors, 55, Old Brookville, N.Y.
Here’s how to vote, tick on the round/square object beside the fansite/s that you want to vote and click the VOTE button.. (Info about the Poll system, *Multiple choice is activated for those who can’t decide *The names are in a random order (not a biased arragement) *People can vote as many times as they want (this may be a cause of commotion, but blocking by cookie and IP address can be problematic for some voters. So if you think the other admins are voting 24/7 for their sites then why don’t you vote for your site 25/8? *Results won’t be published until the date of announcement mentioned above.)
I pursue this line of thought at length because I don't my theory to imply a one-on-one correspondence between the combative mode and the spectacular treatment of violence. The combative mode clearly can embrace both the functional level of 1939's ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES and the spectacular level of 2009's SHERLOCK HOLMES.
* telomere = a bit of spare chromosome at the end each chromosome. It doesn't code for anything useful, but each time a cell divides and the chromosomes reproduce, a bit is lost from the end of the chromosome. For most of our lives, it's a bit of useless telomere that's lost, but eventually the telomere is all gone and the useful part of the chromosome starts to be eroded. That's why old people go wrong easily - their chromosomes are getting cut off.
My father also “grabbed a cape.” He invested in the lives of students by setting aside and raising “seed money” to help educate students that otherwise couldn’t afford that opportunity. In 1985, my parents flew to Rio de Janeiro to spend Christmas with me. At that time I was earning a Master’s Degree in International Business at The University of South Caroline and was assigned to work at an international company in Rio as an intern. My father was president of Palm Beach Atlantic University (then college). During brunch, my father started a conversation with Edson who was waiting tables. Edson had grown up in a favela, or rather one of the shanty towns made of cardboard houses on the hills of Rio. A few days later, my dad offered Edson a full scholarship to Palm Beach Atlantic University. However, my father told Edson that he must pay his own way to get to Florida. My father knew the importance of a student personally investing in his/her own future to ensure commitment. After a few years, Edson raised enough money to get to Florida and not only attended undergraduate school at PBAU but also earned an MBA there. After a successful career, Edson returned to Rio where he now helps educate children living in the favelas. Education truly levels the playing field and empowers children with hope for a future. Learn more about that here.
against an unfaithful nation.
This is my little corner of creativity. Can you tell I’m either outgrowing the space…OR…heaven forbid I am just not that good at keeping it organized?! In the moment of inspiration, I’m just not that focused on where things should be placed neatly.
Anyway, it was 4 very long days for Trooper and it was only a few days later that the same friend experienced a robbery that astounded us...he'd been so tired, left things out of the safe that didn't fit (that was resolved immediately after), and was only gone for a little while. Poor man...he has been so upset by it. We were off Friday so Trooper and I took him in the truck to the Home Depot, loaded up on new interior doors, new locks, and started hardening entries and ensuring the kids knew the changes would help keep them safe. If Trooper hadn't had to work this weekend, we'd be there continuing the projects but he has family stepping in now to aid...no better, kinder, more generous guy, and absolutely not deserving this...
“That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death; If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.”
Snow crunching under
Her poetry became the basis of her lyrics, and she started playing at New York clubs. She signed with Shelter Records in 1974.
I am giving them up as the RAK
Mi infancia que fue dulce, serena, triste y sola
A big THANK YOU to Patrice inviting us all to this link-up chat on the porch! If you haven't checked out her blog yet, GO DO IT!!!
Under the curation of new artistic director Jonathan Holloway, the 2012 Perth Festival generated more energy than a windfarm in a tornado. My only real regret - and regret it I do - is that I missed out on Matthew Lutton's production of Richard Strauss's Elektra, of which the word of mouth was ecstatic. (You can read Cameron Woodhead's review here. As an aside on Lutton's direction, it's fair to say that I differed enormously in my response to his production of The Trial. Moreover, I recommend my ponderings on The Trial to new readers of this blog as a clear statement of my ideals as a critic). Elektra is rumoured to come here in 2014, so perhaps I haven't missed out entirely; but it's a long time to wait, and there's many a slip twixt cup and lip, etc. Cross your fingers, Melbourne.
we are doing a cheese fondue and a chocolate fountain fondue
I bring these points up because I tend to get aggravated whenever someone says to me, "Oh, I could never do that". In response to something our family does differently than theirs. As homeschoolers I hear it a lot meaning be with their own children all day. I really feel bad when they say this in front of their children (or mine). I have realized it also really bothers me because it sounds very final and negative. You don't know what is around the corner if you haven't ruled out things without trying them you have many more options to consider when things change. And things always change.
After the Kesch-Hütte, the way leads to Platta Naira (2397 m ASL), so that was another 235 m straight down. The scenery was kinda ugly, I usually see this in movies like Cliffhanger: Rocks all over, creeks and the path sharing the same way, fog, clouds, rain, cold. And the height.
Thank you for a wonderful journey with you so far. I look forward to many more times of sharing the words of the angels.
Chuck Johnson of the National Council for Adoption gets it right in this quote from a USA Today article: “This trend is not right, and it is not good for children. Given the increasing number of orphaned children worldwide, the continued decline in intercountry adoptions means that children’s most basic needs and rights are being denied.”
“Somebody’s looking hot!”, mocked my date for the night as he opened the car for me. I was so uncomfortable walking in it, I was pretty sure i was looking like a dork. “Its embarassing already”, I snapped. He just smiled, making me feel guity for being bitchy, again! “You’re looking smart in the tuxedo!”, I added. And I wasn’t even being polite. He really did look handsome and mature. Unlike the large T-shirts he wore the first time. “I like dressing up”, he said and then winked.
Nobody noticed me when I first got there, so I just hung back and watched in the doorway, then headed back to Grommash Hold.
I’ll start out with a big thank you to Madison for inviting me to invade her blog and chat about my favorite topics–books, books, and book reviews. I am an editor-in-chief at the Canary Review, an independent book review site dedicated to discussing books, reading, and the writing process. But that’s the party line we use when we have to fill in a “Site Information” box. The truth is, we’re a flock of fluffy, bright yellow birds who love reading and chirruping about our most recent literary finds. Our roost currently houses six feathery fiends, and a nest-full of readerly opinions.
Whether you need that e-book by your favourite author, computer game off steam or software patch, scheduling your downloads will mean that you won’t need to be out of bed or next to your pc throughout the day to get things done.
This past Saturday morning I found myself woken up by sunlight instead of an alarm clock and with absolutely nothing (well, nothing immediately) to do except throw on a sweatshirt and boots, brew a cup of coffee and sit outside to enjoy one of these muffins. I had made a batch on Thursday to bring to work on Friday and, planning ahead, reserved two for Jon and I to enjoy on Saturday. I’m sure glad I did.
There's nothing more that I want than this life I have. There is no need that isn't being met. In my life, I am happy. The last half of 2011 was hard, but we made it. You don't know this, because I haven't shared it, but the devil nearly won my marriage. Some things happened that devastated me. I very nearly gave in to the depression that waits for me in the darkest corners of my mind. However, the Light of God's love for me was stronger and shone brighter than the longest shadow could reach. By holding tight to my Savior's Hand, I never sank. We made it. My marriage continues to heal and grow. The friendship that I have with my husband has grown daily. We are remembering how sweet it is to simply be together and the comfort of holding each others hand. Trust is being rebuilt and love endures. We are making it.
I have two children, two children, who are both delayed. Nether of them can form words to communicate at the level of their peers. Both learned to walk later than their peers. There is all kinds of things they can’t do. They are delayed. That does not make them stupid or dumb. They are extremely intelligent. To me intelligence is light. And they both are full of light.
Haw first pitched his tent on a patch of grass over the road from Big Ben and Westminster Abbey in 2001 and became a familiar sight to millions of Londoners and tourists.
I blame Facebook, of course. And Twitter. And hypocritically, I am right there on both of them with everyone else. Twitter provides everybody with fabulous linkage and good reading, while Facebook provides the personal stories and socializing; the grease that keeps the online Dharma-wheel turning. What need is there for small-time local blogs? I find it interesting that the most hits I have received in the past year on one post (about 3000), was primarily because it was widely reproduced on Facebook.
In other words, in the absence of evidence to the contrary or complete radio silence, I trust that she's healthy and happy enough, and I know she's quite competent enough to handle what life throws at her, either on her own or by picking up the phone if she needs help.
Jeans: Vigoss, via my best friend
The truth is, in coaching I see people run to all sorts of things in a frantic state of “fix it now, and get me out of this mess”. People search longer and harder for remote controls or devices created to entertain themselves harder than they search for the truth. And yet the truth is not hard to find. It’s readily available through prayer and The Bible.
I remember that turtle. Timmy and I found him in the vacant lot at the end of the street. Big old box turtle. We carried him home, and I immediately brought him in the house. Mom said I couldn’t possibly keep him in the house. But I did. She let me. For a little while anyway. I guess she knew I’d grow tired of hearing him scratch around in his box all night long. And I did. Timmy and I took him back to the vacant lot and left him right where we found him. Outside my mother’s house. That started the bringing-home-stray-animals habit I still have today.
and the hum
Savannah: "that...that.."
I sat in Sunday school devising the quickest route to her room in case the pager ever went off. I kept my shoes on in worship (which is rare) just in case I needed to run suddenly. I checked the pager frequently to make sure it was working and still blinking at me.
Do whatever it takes to prevent a child’s access to the property. You can:
This is my child that steals and lies 100 x a day. It is what she does. How she controls that which she can not.
So we finally get to the front of the line. I have Jim (3), Joe (5) and Eme (7) with me. I'm not eating, since it's brunch, and I've already had breakfast, and I'm trying to be really good on my diet (I've gained 6 lbs since the holidays started - rrrrgh). So, the servers were told that people were not allowed to touch their own plate. It was to be passed by the servers. And they were also told that people weren't to get what they wanted, they were to get what they were given. Nice. Anyway, neither Jim nor Joe wanted potatoes or ham. Just the fruit and bread. So Joe ended up with ham AND potatoes, and Jim ended up with potatoes. And a TINY scoop of fruit, which was pineapple, which he wasn't gonna eat. He wanted the cantelope and grapes.
Next was Meeting House Hill with its big rollers, more sand and dust everywhere. A car went by, and you couldn’t see it from behind – just dust. Head down, follow the guy in front of me. Go fast on the down hills, hope for the best. We got to the top of the last hill and there was no one in sight behind us – just us two. Working together we had no intention of letting anyone catch us. Turn onto Stage Road, which I had scouted the day before – right after passing the second covered bridge. I liked this hill – packed dirt, nice incline – and long. Just my kind of hill. Cranking up it, I took the lead. I love hills, they give me new energy. And the pain disappeared. Wait, did I just past another one from my group? (#579 – appeared beat and broken) No sense thinking about it now. Got to the fallen tree on the right 20 meters from the top – that was the sign to step on it (as Hank taught me during his training week). Lo and behold, looked back as I crested and my buddy 596 was nowhere to be seen. Hmm, not really a climber? (afterward he told me it was fatigue). OK, having read Hank’s report from last year, I knew it was time to take no chances. I would lose a sprint if it came down to that. Back to the time trial mode and the pain – down the hills peddling hard, taking the corners clean and fast, and then to the 3 miles of flats. It was at this point I learned how I could rest my elbows in the top bar and get REAL aero – easy to do since it was straight. Sort of a relaxed upper body while the legs (actually feet) were in serious pain. Shut up feet! Do as I tell you! Around the corner to the last 400 meters – looked back – there was a guy that looked just like my buddy -only 10 meters back. OK, I don’t sprint real well, but I do have power for 400 meters. Through to the finish, clean. Actually, it wasn’t him after all – 579 ended up 35 seconds behind me. No idea how I did until they reported – fifth! Satisfying . . . given the flat. Guess there were five in that first group with the one I passed (596 – came in seventh) on Stage Road Hill.
Express our LOVE, Gratitude & Appreciation equally to everybody.
9. Gott, en, Lois. The Sunderland Refreshing. Hodder & Stoughton. London, England. 1995, pg. 189
Are there any other fun exchanges going on in the blog world that I should know about? Let me know!
In a queue at lcc and it’s busy. Behind a smelling hunched figure with short retund frame and a disheveled look. Coughing and spluttering, hanging over the rails
But when it comes to finances and weight-loss, I find that guilt is only good for engendering more guilt. It goes something like this: I eat half a cake. I feel terrible about it. How could I eat half a cake in one sitting? My guilt motivates me to be good. Not just good. Perfect. I am not going to eat dessert for the rest of the month. Day 1 goes well. So do days 2, 3, 4 and maybe even 5. Then I’m at a birthday party and lo! there are cupcakes. Well, I don’t want to be rude, but I’m restricting myself to just one. After all, I’ve been so impressively good, I kind of deserve a treat.
The Thing About The Truth
They're beautiful like this, but they have to be eaten right away, and believe me, they were--
Racism is one thing, being aggrieved about the state of your Country because of mass immigration from the 4 corners of the World and the burden on our inherited 'Welfare State' is completely different.
Am a bit worried about tomorrow, though – we’ve got a work experience girl coming in and I’m a bit anxious of being… well, usurped. She came to breakfast club in Jan, and wrote the blog – which I edited then posted. And if I’m honest, yes her writing was good – but mine is better. Particularly my grammar, and well, my flow. Rob wants her to do copy for the newsletter but, well – I want to do that. Sara (previous work exp girl) had done a load of research to present ideas to them at our editorial meeting but… I want it to be MY ideas. I want to do it. Is that bad? It’s not that I don’t want to give them a chance, I just want to use my own opportunities too.
Saying I’m just going to watch.
3. In your comment you leave for me you must
Lesson learned.... this is target and training ammunition, and will behave exactly like a full metal jacketed bullet... right up until it doesn't anymore, and reverts back to powder upon hitting a steel target.
For my lights, I just prop them up on blocks of scrap wood, but underneath, where I keep my cooler crops, I suspend the light by chains from the leg mechanism. I need to work on a "proper" light stand, but this is something that can be done frugally without much effort.
Blue - self explanatory on this layout!
it was the recessional song at our wedding. the only recorded music we used.
-By hosting Facebook contests
YES Lighting replacement or repair
Ten thousand years and then forevermore"
That reminds me that it's been years since I have actually stopping writing. I mean using a pen. So the occasionally writing that I do, turns out to be a tortuous exercise. The most funny things will be when my colleagues are trying to understand what I wrote. I request them to stop even trying! I once told them that I used to have a pretty handwriting. They won't believe me seriously. Then I told them that I said it was pretty but not whether it was legible or readable! I was in love with my own handwriting for a long time. Now I hardly ever want to look at it. Well for one reason I can't understand it myself, second I will feel very low, thinking why on earth I am not gifted with a beautiful writing. And of course I won't tell you about singing!
Anyway, while watching her, it occurred to me that:
Arrogance that is built on group membership grows stronger over time. People fall prey to a self-serving bias. They see their group in the best possible light. “People at my level know what is important. The people below haven’t got a clue.” In-group loyalty intensifies. Soon there are ‘people like us’ and ‘people like them.’ The people outside are depersonalized and easier to stereotype. The arrogant person can now, even subconsciously, pay attention only to that behavior which confirms why ‘those others’ are inferior.
Tomorrow we are going grocery shopping to re-stock the fridge with band friendly foods. I am looking forward to turning this around. I think I need to start logging my food again. I was most successful when logging my food. Yes, definitely need to log again.
My long runs poo on the thought of plans, I guess. Last week I was supposed to run 12 miles on Wednesday. Pretty much my only time for long runs, since my son is at preschool for 2.5 hours that day. 12 miles takes me just about 2.5 hours with time for a mini cool down and stretching. That is if I run around the preschool and don't mind looking like a rat drowned in sweat picking him up.
The photo for this card has been used a couple of times by Topps. Here is the other version:
Jens, it doesn't amaze me at all. As you wrote Alison Bard Burnett and Wolfgang Hampel are born humorists. I heard many more Alison Bard Burnett interviews by Wolfgang Hampel will be published in the future. Come on, please. Do it! This couple is so funny. I can listen to them a million times without getting tired. Pure Bard and Hampel magic.
The Americans cast here...well, to be honest, I'd never heard of them before this and I don't remember seeing them anywhere else. Of course, I'd never seen Rhodes Reason's many TV Western appearances nor Linda Miller's sole other movie appearance in If Footmen Tire You What Will Horses Do? - of course after being in a movie with a bovine-eyed ape, anything else is bound to be a letdown.
Yep, there is a big white gutter extension running through the flower bed...
TTFN!
Now I have never win anything...seriously! I don't even bother to enter contests and lotteries anymore because I just don't ever win! Of course the not entering part could have something to do with not winning, but you know what I mean!
A man in the United States popped out to his local petrol station to buy a pack of cigarettes - only to find out his card was charged more then $23 quadrillion (£14 quadrillion) - many times the US national debt.
My daughter came home from collage for the weekend and it was wonderful to visit with her, and I couldn't resist making a few treat boxes for her and her roommates, and another friend who is at the same collage- BYU-Idaho.
I can never say it enough, but THANK YOU to all of you who have been there for me/us through the years. It’s with your love, support and encouragement that we have gotten to where we are now, and for that we are EXTREMELY grateful.
XOXO
But really, there is sex in the bible. Except with Mary and Joseph. Sucks for him. But for people like Adam and Eve, who were just basically naked in a garden paradise all day, probably didn't even have anything better to do. And they probably hadn't even invented marriage yet. I don't remember what the Bible says about pre-marital sex (something about it being a sin) but I know what it considers 'marriage' is pretty loose.
Send all submissions and review requests to skeletallightning1@gmail(dot)com.
We did feel rather weird though about going on holidays when my home town of Brisbane was under seige due to the floods. It's strange watching from afar, recognising places and thinking about all the people affected by such devastation. Thankfully none of my family and friends and mutual scrapping friends were not directly affected either in Brisbane or Toowoomba.
Taylor’s mouth fell open. “You got some big ones, buddy! That old lady’s the biggest hard-case that ever rolled through Pangea Bay High. She scares the crap out of everybody. Even me!” He turned into the parking lot of Crazy Dog, a fast food place where a lot of kids hung out on Friday afternoons. “What’d she say to get you so riled up? Was it the baseball thing?”
In the same neighbourhood dwelt Vestein, the son of Vestein. He was a seafaring man, but he had a house under Hest, a hill in Aunundarfirth. His sister’s name was Auda. Just about this time Thorbjorn Soursop and Isgerda his wife died, and were buried in a howe in Hawkdale. Thorkel and Gisli took the homestead at Sæbol after him. A little after, Thorkel looked out for a wife. There was a man named Thorbjorn Sealnip. He dwelt at Talknafirth. His wife’s name was Thordisa, and Asgerda was their daughter. Thorkel Soursop asked Asgerda to wife, and got her; but his brother Gisli wooed Auda, the sister of Vestein, and got her. So both of them went on living under the same roof at Sæbol in Hawkdale, and did not part their goods though they were married. The story goes on to say that one spring Thorkel of Alvidra had to make a journey south to Thorsness Thing, and Gisli and Thorkel, the Soursops, went with him. At that time Thorstein Codbiter dwelt on Thorsness. He was the son of Thorolf Mosttrarskegg. Thorgrim and Bork the Stout were the sons of Thorstein, and his daughter’s name was Thordisa. When Thorkel had got through his business at the Thing, Thorstein Codbiter asked him and the Soursops to come to his house, and gave them good gifts, and ere they parted they asked Thorstein’s sons to come and see them the spring after, west at the Dyrafirth Thing. So the winter passed over, and there were no tidings. Now the next spring comes, and the sons of Thorstein fared from home–Thorgrim and Bork and fourteen men more. When they came west to the Valsere Thing they met the Soursops there, and they asked the sons of Thorstein to come home with them after the Thing, for up to that time they had been guests of Thorkel of Alvidra. So they accepted the bidding, and fared home with the Soursops. But Thordisa, the sister of those brothers, seemed fair in the eyes of Thorgrim, and he lifted up his voice and asked for her, and she was then and there betrothed to Thorgrim, and the wedding-feast took place at once, and it was settled that she should have Sæbol for her dower, the farm where these brothers had dwelt before. Then Gisli and Thorkel went to Hol and set up their abode there; but Thorgrim took up his abode there in the west, and dwelt at Sæbol. Bork, his brother, had the management in Thorsness when his father Thorstein died, and there with him dwelt his nephews Quarrelsome Stein and Thorodd.
Andrew: Based in SA – having a solid fan base. Would love a van base in Australia & Canada so that we can tour there for 3/4 months a year.
It helps to have a friend in terror. I was genuinely excited when Sue informed me that she was about as high as she wanted to go that night, and maybe in her life.....so we just waited patiently on the deck for the rest of her family, gazing up at the 2/3 of the tower we would NOT be visiting and taking terror shots of each other.
A lot of violence. Probably some name-calling. A minor flesh wound would most likely occur as well. The second the outbreak starts and the weird, British baddies arrive, I'm, of course, looking for the nearest machine gun, praying, or rummaging through my pockets searching for Harry Potter's cell phone number. (Why am I always misplacing that frickin' thing?) Arson, on the contrary, is telling me to chill out while raging up for a lot of butt-whooping. Wands or no wands, those pansies, and that weirdo without a nose, are going down.
I know these colors aren't typical 'girl' room colors, but I'm not a typical girl. I do plan on accenting the room with pops of a bright, deep pink...almost like a purplish pink, to add a little more feminineness to the space. I've got big plans...if only I can keep up my energy level!
Vince’s little girls loved to swing. Their eyes lit up every time they saw a park with a swing. He didn’t know what it was about the swing. It was probably the feeling of flying and the thrill of falling all at once. They would let out a shrill cry as they’d get too high in the air, immediately followed by laughter.
Beer: Adnams ‘The Bitter’ Cask 3.7%
I’m already buckling with laughter, and this is only a short preview! As expected, Kang Ji Hwan gave the title role his all, seeming to enjoy the scraggly look.
of a book acting as a gobo to block of window light from a portion of the set
Joint Winner : Ghost Drinker - he might be a northerner but he's cool and his writing is second to none.
The country succeeded in selling EUR 2.5 b (USD 3.3 b) of bonds on strong demand (Fxstreet/CNBC)
Words weigh much.
The prince returns to his castle, intent on making Sunday fall in love with him as the man he is, not the frog he was. But Sunday is not so easy to woo. How can she feel such a strange, strong attraction for this prince she barely knows? And what twisted secrets lie hidden in his past - and hers?
Express the desire to be the opposite sex
I'm still consolidating the Secret Antiquities material into the Society of Torch, Pole and Rope. This first appeared on October 23rd, 2010.
As the co-founder of both MoveOn and MomsRising, I’ve had the privilege of being on the cutting edge of some profound changes in the way citizens engage in politics online and off. In 1998 it felt like we caught a tiger by the tail when MoveOn had 500,000 people sign the one sentence petition to, “Censure the President and move on to pressing issues facing the country.” In 2000, MoveOn raised over 2 million dollars in contributions for House and Senate candidates online. That was extraordinary at that time. MoveOn was part of the biggest antiwar movement in the history of the world. It still breaks my heart that the huge wave of citizen oppositions failed to stop the war in Iraq from being started. MomsRising is a new vibrant voice in the women’s movement, it already has more than a million members and works with more than 150 policy partners. Through my work with both of these organizations, I’ve come to trust the good will and common sense of average citizens more than anything.
2)I Received This Show Years Ago Doing A Cassette Trade. Unfortuneately,The Only Date I Recived With This Show Was "1993". If Anyone Knows The Exact Date, Please Leave A Note In The Comments Section,And I Will Update The Text Info.Thanks!!
Written by David Muñoz
Row 23-28- continue decreasing 1sc per stitch series until you have (sc in 1, sc dec) (12)
This morning Geekygirl decided to wear tights. She never wears tights, I have a drawer full of unworn brand new pairs, but one of her classmates always wears them, and today Geekygirl wanted to be "like Audrey". She pulled on one pair of tights. Tights can be tricky for the uninitiated, but I was firmly told not to help. After she struggled we established that the chosen pair of tights was rather small, so she agreed, without even the hint of a tantrum, to try another pair. These worked out better, though she was fiddling with the wrinkles in them all morning. Still, she looked sweet in the tights and a pink dress, she cheerfully munched two bowls of cereal, played nicely with her brother as we got everything ready to go, and sat down to put her shoes on without even being asked. Then I noticed her pulling at the toes of the tights. Shit, I thought to myself. The toe seams are on the insides. She is about to pull those tights of and try to turn them inside out, which will result in a major breakdown, complete removal of all her clothes, and a twenty minute tantrum where she refuses to wear anything else but her ballet outfit.
It's a remake of a much earlier film (by the same title) with John Wayne as the leading man. This movie does it justice, in my opinion.
These are the nominated films for Best Picture...The King's Speech, Black Swan, The Fighter, Inception, The Kids Are All Right, 127 Hours, The Social Network, Toy Story 3, True Grit and Winter's Bone.
i’m sorry, but how true is this?? i can’t be the only one (well, me and the author of this picture) that cracks myself up, can i?
Alex: What is your time line?
“The only thing I have against money is that the people who have it are so crass and unimaginative about what they do with it.”
We did chores in a light rain this evening and the rain showers have been heavy on and off all evening.
Manuel, or Manny as he was called by anyone who had known him for more than about three minutes, was a naturally friendly guy who also happened to be a very deadly Army Ranger and Chinese linguist. There were easily a dozen souls who had left this earth shortly after seeing Manny’s teeth flash in what they thought was a friendly grin. Manny’s natural ability to connect with people had made him a lethal combination of cobra and teddy bear. As a backup to his ability to get information from informants through positive means, Manny had also developed a full suite of less pleasant interrogation skills. Manny had established himself as the go-to guy, before the crash, when his unit needed information from anyone that spoke Cantonese or Mandarin. Manny had proven his value once again as the Chinese U.N. troops advanced into Georgia.
Lynne McTaggart is more scientifically minded and her books are full of quoted research, in case you are looking for the science connection. Her book, The Intention Experiment, contains both instructions for effective intention setting and research to show measured results.
McCulley noted that mortgage firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been propped up by about $169 billion in federal aid since they were rescued by the government in 2008, yet there's a "a moral overtone" to the argument against reducing mortgage debt burdens for individual borrowers.
An interesting introduction by Michael Moorcock, and an afterword about the science by Big Bang theorist Professor George Gamow provide useful bookends to the main event, and the lovely endpapers feature a blazing sun.
(Source: omojuwa.com)
I took the washing line ribbon and machine stitched it to make a pleated trim, then I layered up various ribbons. I finished off by using one of the new Waltzingmouse Stamps Compact Sentiments, stamped in black to make it pop out.
46. Dizziness. This occurs when you are ungrounded. Perhaps you have just cleared a big emotional issue and your body is adjusting to your “lighter” state. Advice: Ground yourself by eating protein. Sometimes “comfort food” feels right. Don’t make any food right or wrong for you. Use your guidance to know what you need at any given moment. Take your shoes off and put your feet in the grass for a couple of minutes.
Over the years I have loved discussing my affection and admiration for Green Day. While at concerts I will usually interact with other fans discussing their past albums, side projects (such as the Foxboro Hot Tubes) and describe how we were first introduced to the band. After a while I noticed a pattern amongst the “older fans,” who were introduced to Green Day prior to American Idiot and 21st Century Breakdown, which I like to call the Dookie situation. The reason I call it the Dookie situation is because most diehard Green Day fans categorize people into two categories: 1) Fans of Green Day before Dookie and 2) Fans of Green Day after Dookie. Basically, their argument is always “Were you a fan before or after they found mainstream success?” My counterargument has and will always be, “I discovered Green Day because of that album. What’s wrong with that?” That’s usually fine, but if they have an attitude I add, “Excuse me if I was only in the third grade when it came out and weren’t able to check them out in the East Bay in the early 1990s.” Luckily, that has rarely happened.
Charlotte Chamber of Commerce
you could trust people at their word
Now how is that for convenience shopping and service :)
There is some nice tabled seating further in from the main bar. Nice and dark so a great place to take a special someone or just one of your sad male friends who also have no one of the opposite sex to drink with.
Features an Auction House, bank, and a central questing hub.
The case was heard before the magistrate’s court in Simunjan on Feb 16, 2011.
“The potential in this event concept will allow the Cayman Islands to engage an affluent market of director, producers, actors and the like,” the commission stated. “In anticipation of the Film Festival growth, as with Camana Bay, DOT would focus on the event to generate and increase brand awareness which is the second priority for the Tourism Department.”
another song on the juke box played for a dime,
Soft kisses fade away in frothing soapsuds
Most of yesterday (Wed 25th) was just too depressing to write about I’m afraid. I’m not sure when our map was last updated, but I am pretty sure that mile after mile of petrochemical plants and rust belt industrial infrastructure should disqualify a road being marked “scenic”. I do however admire the courage of the local government in anointing the bit of land between a refinery and ship loading facility a “protected nature reserve”. However clearly from the number of locals enjoying their Liberation Day picnic here other options are slim.
for the attention of the
Anyway, are there any other dating rules you’d like to kick to the curb? Or throw in the trash? Or whatever you youngsters are saying these days?
My dear friend Dave is actually in Dublin right now to run the Dublin Marathon. He travels around to different parts of the world running marathons. I would like to do that too! Except I'll replace marathons with bakeries. So, note to Dave...if you see some Cadbury Milk Chocolate chunks, pick up a few bags for me! ;)
My life was forever changed becasue of a simple trip to startbucks with a guy I had only seen at church before but never spoken to. I wouldn't trade it for anything.
He also denied that any military operation was going on in the province. Mari said India was funneling arms and money to terrorists in Dera Murad Jamali, Sibbi, Kohlu and Makran through Afghanistan.
Google now has a head start on its rivals in the fiercely competitive cloud computing market, thanks in part to deals inked with the US Patent and Trademark Office and the General Services Administration in the past year. In both cases, Google enjoyed the benefits of support from federal chief information officers. In both cases, a few people involved in the process voiced objections.
Undefeated
- Increase in size and density of mitochondria. If you don’t remember much from high school biology, mitochondria produce energy which means more of them is a good thing. They also help reduce the build up of lactic acid, which is also a good thing for sports performance.
Then hubby suggested I take the mirror out so that it stops getting dirty. Although I wasn't too worried because the grout and paint are water soluble and wipe right off.
Hubby: Um... On second thought, maybe someone needs to stay home, and by "home" I mean "In touch with reality".
photobooth glamour shot sessions
Human Touch
This is the Saturday of the Octave of Easter, a solemnity so great and central to our Catholic faith that Easter Day is celebrated for eight full days, and the Easter season is joyously observed as the Great 50 Days of Easter. Through the power of the Holy Spirit, Christ – risen from the grave – is in our midst. His Holy Word teaches us the truth. His Sacred Body and Blood becomes our food and drink.
The Table of Contents for the first issue includes:
And always try to understand
Kim Marotta, an executive at Miller Coors, said the freebie is to help Baltimore residents plan for safe rides home from New Year's celebrations. They're calling the program Miller Lite Rides, a name they've actually trademarked.
Initially that indoctrination, together with so much else was aimed at undermining our society, however, over the years the aims have metamorphosed into something far more based on animus and iconoclasm than it is on ideology. The aim is no longer merely the destruction of our society and has become the destruction of us as a people.
“Really? Tell me.”
Soon I Will Be Invincible, Austin Grossman
It's all a bit Python-esque, isn't it? Reminiscent of the World's funniest joke sketch ...
Going All Natural With OLED
"The men insisted on R10 000. Quintin said he didn't have that much cash in the house, but he could call his sister to bring the money. They refused and sprayed him with teargas. Quintin lay down over their little boy to try to protect him from the teargas."
Callie wearing the same comob as me above: right pieces, backwards colors.
This post is third is a series using an apparatus I call Table Covering with Holes. The previous two posts are this one and this one. Taken together, they demonstrate how an apparatus can be expanded and the medium changed with minimal effort using common materials. The expansion and change in medium, however, expand the possibilities for play and exploration into novel directions. Some of those new directions are planned, but many emerge from the open-ended nature of the apparatus and the children's ingenious interface with the apparatus and the medium. What a joy to watch that whole process unfold.
And finally, if an old fashioned Eyeliner Pencil is more up your alley, check out the long wearing colors Tarte is serving up this summer in the Waterproof Amazonian Clay Cream Liners. I've been wearing the black on my inner, upper rim and have had some fading, but compared to 98% of everything else, they have been holding up really well. (UD tends to fade on my inner rim, if that is helpful information.)
2 restriction
I need someone evil
Copyright 2010
Friday morning dawns, without any sleep. Two medics from Durban do not show up, two from North Coast and 3 from Pietermaritzburg. I am left with 20. Not quite what I was hoping for, but manageable all the same. I hate myself for doubting in the first place. However, I am the only paramedic, and should we have to move a serious patient, the event will be left with nothing but ambulance staff. It will just have to do! By 10am the patients are starting to arrive. Flu, runny tummy, asthma, allergy, silly things that mean a lot to the patient, but are not what we are trained for. We need the serious stuff to make our life worth while….. A Provincial Ambulance response vehicle pulls up with a doctor, required by Disaster Management to be in the OPS CENTER in case of disaster.
Cast: Peter Fonda, Warren Oates, Loretta Swit, Lara Parker Dir: Jack Starrett C-88 mins
b. Our stomach will be filled with
The other effect of teaching starting is like having my brain jump-started. A summer of reading and occasional writing and, let's face it, growing lethargy, didn't help at all. But now that I have to get up, have to get my classes ready, and have to go out and teach, my energy levels are up, my brain is firing again, and my motivation is returning.
Family Ethics
It’s easier said than done. The aboriginal Mario vs. Donkey Kong may accept been awfully simple for a acceptable block of the accustomed game, but Advance of the Minis is abandoned anytime simplistic for the aboriginal brace of worlds. It’s simple abundant to get through a lot of stages on the aboriginal or added try, abnormally if you’re not anytime anxious with accession the assorted bill and items that sit in perilous places throughout anniversary stage, or even with accepting every abandoned Mini through the aperture (so continued as you accomplishment at atomic one, the next date will unlock). However, to get bronze, silver, and abnormally gold ratings on anniversary stage, you’ll accept to absorb a acceptable accord of time practicing anniversary stage, advertent all the agency you can use your assorted Minis to get through faster and added efficiently. Advance of the Minis is the absolute analogue of simple to learn, boxy to master, and it squeezes out a acceptable bit added epitomize bulk than its antecedent artlessly for that fact. You can apprehension through the single-player approach in maybe three or four hours, but it will yield you abundant best than that if you appetite to hit gold ratings on every stage.
The thing is, I don’t think that this book is particularly appropriate for the age-group I teach. In elementary school, especially in the primary grades, we teach students about selecting “just right” books. As a teacher, I need to do the same when selecting books to read to my class. As I previewed the book, I thought it would be a good choice. But after reading it today, I don’t think I agree. (Yes, I am disagreeing with myself.)
Of course the beautiful thing at the time was I had no idea of my own precarious fertility. It was slipping away with every visit I made to each teen mom. It was sliding through my fingers as I consoled their crying newborns while they tried to take a test. It was declining while I scrambled to find them a carseat so they could take their baby home from the hospital, while I filled in as a Lamaze coach, while I stood knocking in the freezing cold only to learn the house I was visiting, where my student and her newborn lived, had been raided by the police the night before, nearly everyone arrested on drug charges. But I had no idea--the world 'infertile' wasn't in my vocabulary. I was there to teach, to listen, to hold, to help--to make a damned difference!-- and when I cried for their sad and seemingly impossible situations I am grateful now that I had no idea what loomed ahead for me, for my sad and seemingly impossible situation, or I would surely have come apart at the seams.
Markets around Prince Edward Station
SEATTLE — Puppy Putt 10 – a motorcycle poker run to benefit charity – will be June 16 at locations around Puget Sound.
Jen Farrar, University of Sheffield
Most sales reps just focus on activity since that is what the boss is most concerned with (in reality the boss is concerned with a lot of things but especially the lack of contracts).
Now take into consideration that the relationship between banker and customer is the opposite of the relationship between between creditor and customer. The bank pays you for holding your money; you pay creditors interest for spending your money before you get it. Transactions are less profitable for banks than for creditors. Credit card companies make big money on those irresponsible (or, in rarer instances, unlucky) enough to end up paying interest. I’ve never paid interest on my credit cards; I’ve never carried a balance except by billing error; and in fact they’ve written me a $250 check for having spent $25,000 through my main card. In other words, everything I buy via credit is 1% cheaper than the cash rate (assuming both are sold at the same rate, and it’s not one of these places that gives you a cash discount).
It´s not that I can say I know for sure I´d prefer robots, it´s just that I can´t say I wouldn´t.
Gros plan et Copics utilisés...
As much as our teacher have advised us pack light, wear comfortable shoes and turn up in time, I'm only gonna try to aim for the last option haha, au revoir!
So, going forward I will remove the words “heavy-duty” when using a mixer, alert people who the parchment paper is on the same aisle as the garbage bags and is nothing to be scared of, and lastly, continue with my absolute best effort to teach folks how to cook.
Promise of Yesterday – Marylu Biloxi works as a servant in Pennsylvania years after the War between the States, but she dreams of a home of a family of her own. She doesn’t figure she’ll ever marry though, at least until Chester Jones comes through the door on an errand. Chester’s tongue has been cut out by cruel master, so he can’t talk, but he can communicate just fine. Still, he has a lot of wounds to heal from. Will Marylu and Chester be able to find their hearts desires?
Needless to say, after rewriting the opening scene, I dived into editing again. Man, it felt amazing. It felt so damn good to be immersing myself back into my own world and story. I had to drag myself out of it whenever Abby woke, but it was just so damn good to be back.
“Of course you could . . . llamas feel good,” LleMoyne replied.
And that's when I screwed everything up. I got depressed with my life and lonely and angry and completely withdrew from Luisito for the first time in our 10 years together. I pushed him far away from me and we almost lost each other, and when I think of how close I came to being alone without Mr. Blue and Luisito I feel gutted. When we finally started to patch up and fix our problems, we had to face infertility. The guilt I held for waiting for so long to find that I was no longer fertile was almost more than I could bear.
Don’t speak too much honeyed words to your Thai love or they may think that you are a playboy. Do not boast what you have and what you do not have. Thai girls prefer a man who loves them and dislike dishonest men even though they have a big wealth.
Chicks are moody. Hormones, weather, bad hair days. It all takes a toll. Smart men know this and deliver soothing words, kisses, and chocolate as needed. This is important, fellas. Stop scratching and take note: These are the tools needed in your handy Female Fix-It Box.
And what a cool texture lace would provide to a needle felted design on a small candle mat. Hmmm...guess I'd better get busy!
She wrote a newspaper column about social issues facing women balancing career, husband and kids. Many weeks, her writing boiled down to one point: only working mothers know the burden that comes with this attempt at, in her generation's words, "having it all."
Should I share my verse? If I show my scars and vulnerabilities, I increase my vulnerability; and if I do not, I die, slowly. Or, this is a process of coming to terms with my own scars and vulnerabilities: to be effectual, the acceptance has to come from me- and revealing them helps.
The newly rebuilt Second Avenue Deli, near the corner of 33rd and 3rd Street in NYC. The original location, that was founded in 1954 on 2nd and 10th was closed in January 2006 due to rent negotiation problems.
*20% off Bed, Bath & Beyond coupon
Which leads me onto Luis Suarez. As most of you are probably aware, Luis has managed to get himself onto the bad side of the Football Association by allegedly making a racist comment towards Patrice Evra. Liverpool Football Club have, quite rightly, backed their player. I say quite rightly because it is a basic tenet of the Law in the is country that you are innocent until proven guilty.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Part 1:
If Jimmy Saville had done beer'll fixits, then this would have been top of my list.
described the character, in a very good way.
And the verse also reminds me, how could I forget all the bountiful blessings I have received in my life, all the answered prayers, His wonderful plans for me, everything that I have, just because I cannot have just one small thing?
Top: Simplicity 2603, made in 2010
“Everyone knows that only a small fraction of juvenile salmon survive to return as adults,” said study co-author Dr. Mark Lewis. “The fish-farm sea lice are reducing that fraction even more.”
He won a Grammy in 1980 for his album La Onda Va Bien, capping off a career that spanned over forty years.
To such a breeze
If you haven’t connected with your power animal or totem, then now is the time, during this great shift in consciousness we’re experiencing. Whether it’s through picture form or statue, you need to have the representation of that animal around you.
it reminded me or convos i've had with other women who talk about not having orgasms and are dejected about it and hopeless about it...
Every Christmas, my side of the family pick names out of a hat, and whomever you choose, you have to make a present for, and the limit of money to use is around $15.
( Just as an aside, cause this has been very helpful in my life; “if someone’s act or words are coming from love, it’s personal, if an act towards you is not based in love, it’s not personal, it’s about them.” Fear is never personal. If it feels personal, then we must have something within ourselves that matches the words or actions and that is a great opportunity to wake up to that. Thank the person and move on lol, so easy to say, so much more difficult to do)
If you'd like to see a preview of our Gingerbread Galore unit you
Here it came. After bumbling away for what seemed like a lifetime, the doctor was finally getting to the point. Was Martha ready? Cynthia had said it was like taking bullet to the chest, being told you had cancer. There was no way to avoid the obvious cliché that you were probably going to die and, even if you didn’t, you had probably come closer than most. It certainly provided reflection on mortality at any rate.
In a large, heavy skillet (I like cast iron) heat oil over medium-high heat . Whisk in the flour and stir constantly with a whisk until roux turns a medium brown. If using browned flour, it will be light brown instantly. Use a flat paddle or wooden spoon to continue stirring the roux until it turns a medium to dark chocolate brown. You might have to turn the heat down a bit toward the end. Keep the roux moving scrapping from the bottom especially toward the end when the darker coloration is forming. Be careful not to burn the roux, it should take about 20-30 minutes to reach the desired color. If the roux starts smoking, remove skillet from heat stirring all while until it settles back down. Reduce heat and continue to cook. If the flour and oil separates, you have ruined your roux. It should be smooth when finished.
Her pieces are amazing! So delicate, mixed with a modern simplicity that any girl can wear.
Fast forward to life now. I work lots of hours - sometimes early morning, sometimes into the evening, every once in a while on a Saturday -- the joys of self-employment and setting your own schedule. It lends to some flexibility and also some additional creativity on transportation. This week Kendall has been home and is my driver when he is available. Awesome. Most of the time Steve can take me and pick me up from work. Later start days -creativity comes into play. Sometimes it means getting there early (which is okay, there is always something to be done), sometimes it means calling a cab, or sometimes it means asking a friend for a ride.
corruption agencies. An aviation ministry source said the project was
Next up will be the Diamond League’s Shanghai meet this next weekend. Below is a look at Tyson Gay’s sterling effort in the 200 meters.
I am so excited about this new blog! My fingers are literally restless, wanting to write and create. And oh men, my head is exploding from all the new ideas.
Support documentation TeAL supplied includes sample text that programme teams can adapt.
Daughter loves horseriding. It's her favourite thing in the whole wide world. She's been having lessons every week for about two years now and it's very slow progress, but today she took part in her first ever horseriding competition. She did a dressage test.
March 5, 2012
Or, for that matter, install one, secretly, in your bedroom – and wait for the sparks to fly.
When I visited a different hairdresser for balayage recently (different country), she was completely mystified about why my other stylist would have told me to stop using conditioner but agreed my hair was definitely in good shape despite it. This always seems to happen – one hair stylist tells you something, another tells you something completely different.
This book is for boys mostly because it is about one, but girls will like it, too. Ages nine and up. There is some violence, gory bits, and it has a mixed ending.
i think i have always had an inclination to play the glad game. in pollyanna, her father taught her to look on the bright side of things. when she got a pair of crutches from charity rather than a doll, her father told her to be glad she didn’t need the crutches.
Whenever you give out a project, inform individuals when you want the job done. End up being particular. “Friday from Five PM” is preferable to merely “Friday.”
1 tread
(I didn't want to be too hard, so I balanced the criticism with a compliment. I'd read the article. I know this happens on Twitter. I know it's social scientists doing what they do, so okay. Another social scientist will have a theory on it and have his or her stacks of evidence and analysis to justify their conclusion(s) too. The author wrote about it. In the article he acknowledged that this wasn't a complete picture of black activity on Twitter and, for that, I say good job. I have no interest in broadening my frustration with the image a critique of his writing. That crosses to bitching because you just want to keep bitching. It's the image I've got issues with.)
Several hours later at the Wild West Show, Carolee is working on her act. Jonah realizes that the men terrorizing the show won't show up again as long as he is around. A couple of rodeo clowns walk by and Jonah hatches a plan. Starbuck is talking to Carolee about how she is going to be a big star and that she will soon be their #1 attraction!
Held for weeks in a makeshift prison in occupied France, our narrator is writing a confession of sorts for SS-Hauptsturmführer von Linden, who really wants details about English double agents and air forces, but is getting more story than he bargained for: her first flight on a Puss Moth, her recruitment as a special ops agent, and, especially, her friendship with Maddie Brodatt, a female pilot with the Air Transport Auxiliary.
“The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world’s central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank…sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.” – Prof. Carroll Quigley in Tragedy and Hope
The Daniel Goldstein of 2004 is still something of a neophyte activist, clean-shaven (as opposed to goateed) and somewhat unsteady during a public speech at a rally. At one point, he says to the camera, “I think I like this.” So he clearly embraced the fight as a challenge.
That’s an osmotic pressure causing a flow of people in one direction. But another flow works in the opposite direction — Swedes (or, rather, “persons of Swedish background”) are leaving Sweden for Denmark. Swedes who actually want to work for a living will find wages in Denmark that are on average 30% higher than those at home. Not only that, there is more to buy in Denmark, and at a lower price.
All I can say is that if it feels relevant to you and you take something positive from it then take it, its yours. If I say anything in it thats just plain wrong, I’m sorry I meant well. And if you’re totally unaffected thats cool.
Mondays are always the busiest day of my week and it's likely to improve, so I will endeavor to regain my usual attitude; sunny, yet archly cynical. Maybe I should stop listening to The Sundays right now and switch to Banarama's "Cruel Summer" which is also sunny, yet archly cynical.
A: I like to read in all genres of fiction, adult and YA, as well as nonfiction and poetry. As a reader, it’s just more interesting to read around. As a writer, it keeps me from getting tunnel-vision if I read outside my genre, and the diversity helps me improve my writing skills. Right now, I’m catching up on Lee Child’s Jack Reacher series and I’ll be starting Toni Morrison’s new book. Upcoming YA books I want to check out include Angela Johnson’s A Certain October, Kekla Magoon’s 37 Things I Love, and Malin Alegria’s Crossing the Line. So many books, so little time.
“Yep, job number two. I’ll be bringing a new little helper,” she grinned.
We had a huge tragedy in our zoo Friday night...I noticed that Snowbell, our parakeet, we laying on the bottom of the cage, in the corner. I thought she might be dead, and I was right. Her body was still warm, but the life was gone from her. The birds had been doing some strange things (for them) in the days before that...huddling in the corner on the floor of the cage, sleeping like that instead of their usual hanging in the corner of the cage sleeping pose. I hadn't thought anything of it at the time (except for "oh, how cute, they're cuddling!") but now I'm thinking that maybe she was sick and didn't have the strength to sleep hanging.
Developing your listening skills is probably the most valuable thing you can do in order to be better at sales and in life. People are not good listeners in general because they focus too much on themselves. As we mentioned before you have to set your own self interest aside, just for a moment and understand what the buyer is telling you. Once you understand what it is that the buyer is looking for then you can more effectively sell your product or idea. After all it does you no good attempting to sell something to a person who has no interest in buying, no matter how good you are at sales.
Nature Economist Elaine Meinel Supkis in the article Currency Devaluation War Rages Ever More Violently The G20 tells euro zone to fix debt crisis in eight days. HAHAHA. This is too funny. The G20 has been at war with itself for quite a while. For over 50 years, the key sovereign wealth nations of the G7 depended on exactly one scheme to enrich themselves: export to the US while refusing to buy from the US except in significantly less quantities. To do this, they all did the exact same thing: they made their own currencies weaker than the dollar via holding US trade profits in various accounts so it didn’t recirculate. They also used these seas of US red ink to bankroll lending. This is why Japan could run up their domestic government debt to over 240% of their GDP. An amazing misbalance, impossible to do without a huge trade deficit with the US.
I think Mum agreed with me about the meta-physical meaning of space, time and catnip, but wasn’t very happy that I’d got rather muddy discovering it.
SanJAsKa: Yes indeed dear soul. We have been working to open up the last of the energy gates that are to see you all so very advanced in your evolution. We are now directly aiding all of you in your ascension processes, if such is your wish for us to do so. With the opening of these gates has come the opening of the energy gates in all of you; we have served to help many of you open up the higher and lower chakras that lie in your astral body.
Handsome Furs, PJ Harvey, Young Galaxy, Rubik
...but others are just waiting for a good hot day to really open up. Lush, extravagant, decadent...I am mad about peonies and have had a hard time waiting this year for them to bloom!
Get sick of it!
‘‘(C) used by a certified entity in a manner which protects such cyber threat intelligence from unauthorized disclosure.
He's short, heavy, weak in body and personality, and he wants to be the Big Dog so bad that he can taste it. He tries to assert what authority he can on everyone around him and nobody takes him seriously. And when he tries to flex his muscles (figuratively speaking, anyway) he goes about it all wrong.
And the final image for the blog - although I will be putting many more in a gallery on my website - a different treatment but still emphasising Holly's hair - I keep going on about Holly's hair, but I shouldn't as Holly is an all-round excellent model, who I would work with and recommend whatever type and colour of hair she had.
Chinese Red Dates, 5 pcs
And speaking…
Processor Name: Intel Core i5
It is to encourage skepticism, it is to encourage a look on the other side, it is to encourage doubtfulness of objective surveys, polls and statistics.
*Set List*
FACT.
Whole grains contain the unattractively named "glycoproteins," gluten compounds that themselves contain oligosaccharide chains covalently attached to polypeptide side chains (essentially, a carbohydrate fused to a protein)--if the writers of the Wikipedia page got it right. To these glutens a little less than 1% of the population are allergic. That doesn't seem like a particularly ripe target for beer-makers, but it has been. Deschutes has made over 40 iterations of gluten-free beer, Portland's Harvester Brewing makes only gluten-free beer, and now Widmer Brothers Brewing, under the Craft Brewers Alliance (CBA) label, has introduced a new line called "Omission."
Although that doesn’t square with me laughing at myself. Or maybe it does. But yesterday evening I had to laugh at the near neighbor, and he caught me watching and laughing; well, smiling, looking his way.
I rode my sweet mare today and we had a fabulous ride. I swear I could lope her for hours and never get tired of it!
Not so much a matter of will power but a matter of a case of the Blahs .... we found we couldn't really get that excited over Ice Cream.
“ I don’t know what I want any more, “Tori said as she started to cry. Tammy sat down next to her and wrapper her arm around Tori’s shoulder. “I just don’t know what to think,” Tori sobbed.
Nevertheless, 97 years on Earth is already a big achievement. Only a few people today are blessed to live that long. Don Hilario is one of those few. And his credentials are amazing. Don Hilario was a poet, a medical doctor in the field of radiology, a distinguished académico for the RAE, and a nationalist and true Christian — indeed, the quintessential Filipino, a gentleman of the old school, and a descendant of Don Agapito Ziálcita, one of the signatories of the Philippine Declaration of Independence.
If you know or think you know what caused your candida, Leave me a comment.
Soon, chocolate bars began appearing in the display case of Schreck’s delicatessen on the corner of our street, and the uncles were all back with their families.
Maar koi teer O Mirziya, khich ke wal Asmaan
This young woman and her ilk are idealists. They see that war and violence are inherently wrong, and think the world would be different somehow if the strong laid down their arms and let the weak do as they please.
Jesus’ commentary about prayer is more than twice as long as His model prayer. The prayer, itself, is a marvel of simplicity and wisdom. It tells us to whom we are praying and for what we should pray. I believe that it also ranks what we pray about in priority order. This is significant, because we can focus on our Father and His kingdom and ask for daily provision before asking forgiveness! In this way, Jesus communicates the Father’s abundant mercy and grace. As Jesus has already said in this same sermon,
In schools with few Hispanics, children attend only ESL classes.
Sample Training Workout:
‘F*** off! That’s entirely unacceptable, it’s not what we signed up for and is entirely non-negotiable,’ I calmly and politely express without raising my voice even a little bit. (The last bit is a blatant lie: Ange)
Am I spiritual? Yes. There are times where the wonder and beauty of it all make me feel like I am a part of everything, a piece of god that contains everything. Do I feel the need to worship a particular god? No. To me God is more than a name or creed. If there is a God, It is unknowable, it is neither good nor evil, it just is. It’s beyond all that we could ever understand.
Alexander Vince
And darling ... remember, we are glamour girls ...
“I am here to say my sister still has rights, and there is no way you can have this district attorney represent my sister,” said Candace Zamperini, (Kathleen Peterson’s sister). “They are not prepared, they haven’t read the documents…..I will tell you, this district attorney’s office is not the district attorney’s office of Jim Hardin, where I got good representation.”
I actually really like the tin this comes in; I think the vintage image is really pretty and it's quite slim so definitely one you could take with you on a night out! Inexpensive enough that you won't cry if you lose it too (there's a story here involved with my Chanel lipstick that would make any poor person weep!). Inside, the balm and application puff are encased in plastic which does make it look quite cheap but what else can you expect for that price? Looking at the Benefit website, I think the 'take a picture... it lasts longer...' probably comes with more product and I imagine a much better applicator but hey ho, it's £22.50 versus £4!
The Singles “I’ll be there for You”, “Bad Medicine”, “Livin on a Prayer”, and “You Give Love a Bad Name”, all reached #1 on the Billboard Top-40 Charts.
I want to be present. I feel blessed to know what the future holds for me. I will get to tune out the world and
When I go to work this evening to sell Starburst and Peanut Butter Whoppers and Coca-Cola and Jennifer’s Body, I’m going to take off my shoes for a while. I’m going to go ahead and take the chance that there might be holy space at my job. Could be that I spend way too much time waiting for God to show up when, in fact, God is already there and he is waiting on me to show up, take off my shoes, and let Him speak.
Six hundred thousand doctors
U.S. Justifiable Homicides Nearly Double Over a Decade
The wooden bowl contains: two farfalle onigiri, three pieces of shao mai, two boiled dumplings, three pieces of pan-fried meat patties with nori, two pan-seared mini peppers, one orange mini pepper, one deli meat flower, one cherry tomato, two pieces of pan-fried deli meat/asparagus/mayonnaise 'gyoza', a piece of strawberry and lettuce.
Patrick Byrne, 39, New York, N.Y.
See the Bedouin fires at night
Alone and smitten by pavement,
But anyways, I have signed up to do the Brentwood Craft and Gift Fair again this Christmas, after a years break, so am back to crocheting. Yay! I should hopefully be back a bit more often now.
term insurance was guaranteed premium select and ultimate annual renewable term
And now a father shows to his daughter a blurred picture of his work projected on a big screen in a room filled with people. His daughter feigns the feigning of interest. Yet somewhere in her eyes he sees the flicker of a little girl who is proud of her daddy. That's what you took. And I may well be a cunt who had it coming, but I am a cunt who tells the truth.
If true, I point out, he is overturning 2,000 years of Christian history. But he doesn’t even blink over his teacup. He’s either a very cool, calculating chancer, single-mindedly out to make a quick buck with an eye-catching theory that caters for gullible readers of the likes of The Holy Blood and The Holy Grail or Erich von Daniken’s Chariots of the Gods, or he’s absolutely sincere. “I am an art historian,” he responds calmly, “not a theologian, so I can approach the problem from a new angle.”
Those clever clogs over at The Brick House figured out how it was done by taking some sneaky mobile pics and then showed the world that not only was it acheivable, but actually provided step-by-step instructions for the rest of us. The generosity of bloggers knows no bounds, of this I am convinced.
Today the Venice canals are a very enjoyable walk and you can see some very beautiful and desirable houses.
As I replay the above scene over and over, I wonder, why? And, I also ask, does this have another layer? Is this just the surface of a larger psychology?
She leans into him, always.
When the computer goes black, hit the power button.
Also, for those who have more time or desire a more in-depth astrological look at May 2012, here’s a Carl Boudreau video I originally found on Shift Frequency. As Gillian describes it: “An amazing month. Tons of mutable energy, several six-pointed stars – including two different kinds, a five pointed star and a solar eclipse. A huge, overwhelming turning point of a month. Do not expect clarity. But you can expect a lot of help. As weird and wild and crazy as the vibes are, May is loaded with positive synchronicity.” The 39 minutes reveals all sorts of unusual layers in what looks to be a highly charged month on many levels:
The second soap I did was a second look at coffee soap....there are no fragrances in this soap at all...but still gives off a light scent with the coffee grounds and coffee butter.
Those efforts have brought charges from Republicans, including presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney, that the president and his aides are inappropriately using the anniversary for political gain.
1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed French onion soup
For us, and all right minded people, there is no moral dilemma over Capital Punishment for those who torture, rape and murder children. They have no right to exist.
I guess it's bad of me to think this is so funny, but as a parent if you can't find a little humor in even these kinds of moments you'll go crazy!
It is purportedly a cross of Blueberry and Haze, with some stories going so far as to specify a “Santa Cruz haze” while other stories specifying “DJ Shorts Blueberry” x “Mr. Nice Super Silver Haze.” It is possible of course that both stories are accurate, as it is certainly possible (likely) that there are multiple cuts of Blue Dream circulating around California. At this time Blue Dream is a clone-only strain though there are seed versions starting to appear on the market.
There are some definite benefits to living alone. Oh, forget about the house being in foreclosure, the IRS's idle threats, the lack of money, my inability to sell my house or find another place to live that I can afford; or the worldly possessions I'm shoveling out of here faster than they came in . . . I can't do anything about any of that. So I dance in the dark.
Basically, as you can hopefully see from my card above, it's a card that has two interlocking flaps...one smaller than the other...that opens to reveal a hidden message or image.
I also found a setting with in eve to increase screenshot quality hope the images come out better now.
"Two things, actually," I told him. "Could you please tell that phony cripple in the wheelchair begging over there in the middle of Van Ness Avenue to stop tearing up all the shrubbery in the neighborhood looking for hidden drug stashes?"
Have a great weekend
I also came to the realization that I love my friends, they were all so helpful and welcoming...being an only child it wasnt always so easy growing up finding my "niche" of friends, many of them have come and gone over the years, but I must say I am proud of the fact that even if alot of time lapses between our get togethers, it ends up being like we last saw each other the day before.
The recent BBC series, ‘Reverse Missionaries’, was quite a hit!
We ate more than two reasonable people should…But then again, who needs to be reasonable?
Thigh-high socks.
The best joke in the website came at the very end, where they show an array of spools from then to now. The copy reads: "Gold metal spools replaced wooden spools. These were soon replaced by plastic spools."
knit 3, purl 1 for 1 inch
The Chairman declared the oral proceedings open. He summarised the relevant facts as appearing from the file. The parties addressed the Board. The matter was then discussed with the parties. The Chairman then declared the debate closed. The Chairman announced the decision: the appeal is dismissed in its entirety.
Producers: Basil Iwany, Polly Johnsen
Above: Lounging in the woods, 1893
BM: I would expect it to. I think there’s a lot of people who find the Irish brigade interesting.
All joking aside, I haven't been in a chocolate mood lately, so I searched for a lemon-flavored bundt. I ended up using Ina Garten's lemon yogurt cake. It has triple-whammy lemony goodness with lemon zest and lemon oil in the cake, lemon syrup drizzled over the hot cake, and a creamy, lemon glaze to finish it off.
Idling at a red-light, suffocating in the glare of a gas station, I thought of the people who lived in that house on the ridgeline, how they owned every twilight in the western sky, every secret of the sunrise, yet the report was silent, the experience unshared. In a sea of a million hungry faces, beauty shone on theirs alone. I strained under the weight of my envy, trying to push it off, resigned impatiently to a dirty smudge on my steering wheel.
Another employee at Kona Grill confirmed Wednesday that Ryan Perrilloux was involved in a verbal altercation at the restaurant, saying the junior quarterback called a server “Osama.”
Daughter, wife and feeling gooder in general
Like Tressel, Scarlet was also born three months premature and needed special care. Emilie felt grateful to provide it, especially as the anniversary of Tressel’s death arrived. “When a year came up,” she says, her voice breaking, “we had a baby to hold again.” They had planned to visit Tressel’s grave in Findlay, but instead spent the anniversary with Scarlet in the hospital.
Here is some food for thought:
There's definitely a place for opinion journalism. MSNBC's full lineup now is opinion journalism, as is Fox News'. The difference is that for the most part, MSNBC hosts' claims can be backed up with something demonstrable, whereas Fox is ALL about pulling stuff out of Roger Ailes' ass and reporting it as truth. Imagine if Fox really WERE a counterpoint to MSNBC, one in which two differing view of how things ought to be done could actually be compared to each other and argued on the merits.
"Nothing to undo," huh? It's a hard pill to swallow in this culture. Or maybe any culture. In general, it's difficult to look back on your life at the most painful, embarrassing, or lonely chapters, and say: "Yes, I'd keep those too."
? Getting Sick
Now one thing about a dead snake is that for several hours it will continue to twitch and move and rattle. The snake is dead, but reflexes and nerve endings remain active for several hours.
“present”); and finally an unaccomplished single term in United States
“Furry?” answered Praymar. “I should think not,” answered Praymar not getting the jest and brushing his long white bangs back with his right hand. He was thin fellow, with high cheekbones and thin red lips. Despite his unusual coloring, he was a rather handsome looking youth, probably no older than fourteen.
Keep Prepping Everyone!!!!
Who are you answering to?
I have been sleeping on the floor of my son's bedroom the past two nights, and tonight, between 9:30 and 11:30 he woke me up six times... That's okay, it's part of being a mom.
Cheers to the cuisines of the Mediterranean….now onto finish my paper that is due tomorrow for my Mediterranean class.
I seem to have lost my perfectly turned out omelette mojo and they keep on breaking at the seams. I think it's indicative that I've been putting too much strain on our relationship. Perhaps it's time to move on.
A Met official took the stage to say Ms. White had suffered a short fall and was brought to the hospital.*
But the ongoing secrecy salts those wounds
Tony swears by Christopher Vogler’s The Writer’s Journey (subtitled Mythic Structure for Storytellers and Screenwriters) which, taking its cue from Campbell, examines how the hero’s journey model is used in modern writing. “I use that structure in all my stories and I do a lot of stories for five to eight year olds.”
View large.
Last pics of the chuppah before the wedding will be to show the ribbons all done and the 16 small “buntings” or “prayer flags” in place. After the wedding (first weekend of May) I will post pics of the finished textile.
Paranoia, for the exile, is the pre-requisite for survival. One might find it hard to relate to, but I understand the words, the meaning it tries to portray, and the message it tries to deliver. For I have been in exile for the better half of my life, hiding not from people, but the self.
This is a deviation from the hitherto valid rule that the exercise of due diligence does not require controlling the correct execution of individual and specific directives given to assistants who had proven to be reliable before.
I noticed that she had nothing personal in her room-- not the pictures, flowers and cards I usually see with a lot of the patients. I talked to the primary nurse and discovered that she had no visitors. I made a mental note to stop the next time I was going to have her as a patient (we are usually told the night before who our patients are going to be) and get her a little pointsetta plant or some other little piece of holiday cheer.
Sources indicate that one of the most recent transactions has been the sale of a property in the City’s Finsbury Square(technically the building is in the London Borough of Islington but it is effectively part of London’s financial district). Royal London House at22-25 Finsbury Square, EC2 is understood to have gone “sale agreed” for GBP 25m (€29.5m). The building has 89,157 sq ft of partly-tenanted existing accommodation , but there had been plans to redevelop the site and double the accommodation.
My oldest granddaughter Alexis "Lex" is turning 22 years old tomorrow. OMGosh........where do the years go? I remember when she was born..........what a beautiful baby she was. And she's still beautiful! She loves the Steampunk style and purple and black is her FAVorite color combo so it came together nicely on this card. This is my first time using a Saturated Canary image. She's called "Gothica" and is a creation of the talented Krista Smith.
After obtaining a degree in Vocal Performance from the Manhattan School of Music, and years of pursuing a career on the stage, Jerrica left the “glamorous” life of an actress in favor of writing romance. She continues to reside in the New York City area with her husband, cat, and precious daughter.
HA! All of my music is on my I-Phone. I listen to a whole range of music from Death Cab For Cutie to Erasure to Stone Temple Pilots to Nine Inch Nails. I listen to music to put me in a particular mood…not the other way around. If that makes any sense.
I am happy to report again on the wonders of Organic Apple Cider Vinegar!!
She got her "Benefactor" to call us, wanting to settle it, he offers to pay the bills.
4. How long have you been writing for?
demonic phonics rap like stetsasonic
Being mindful requires we slow down long enough to experience the internal and external cues in our lives. The internal awareness is the music of our hearts, and it’s expressed through the outflow of our emotions.
Luke 10:35 On the next day when he departed he took out two denarri and gave them to the innkeeper and said to him take care of him and whatever extra you spend when I come again I will repay you.
I wonder how much it could help to be firm to our world/national/community in our beliefs, without demanding that they accept them.
This does what I need it to and I really like the way it turned out.
And THAT is another angle of food price inflation: Great Value carrots didn’t get any more expensive. I just didn’t get there in time to get the cheaper brand. And so it would cost me more because someone else beat me to those carrots.
I thought the coolest thing about the harbor tour was this oil rig, which had been brought in for repairs. Can you imagine living on one of those for months at a time?! The wellhead is similar to the one that blew in last year's BP Oil Spill.
Missing resources leads to frustration
Vanessa & a friend are on their way to spend the day!
These analyses are very tentative, but I've now seen the same result on 4 different datasets, one of which was measured a few years ago and based on very different techniques, but gave the same result.
11/8 – The Vault – Buffalo, MN
like a thought that forms
10 lasagna noodles, broken into 2 inch pieces
Also this weekend I cooked chicken, coconut and cashew nut curry from the book Falling Cloudberries by Tessa Kiros. This book includes recipes from countries her relatives came from and of places she’s been, so it includes food from Cyprus, Scandinavian countries, South Africa, Greece, etc… Its a very pretty book with something for everyone, but I’ve rarely cooked from it which is a shame. This curry recipe hasn’t been given a country of origin, but I’m guessing from somewhere in India by looking at the ingredients. It’s not too bad, some mouthfuls seemed to be really flavoursome and others not so much, unsure why that is. I wouldn’t cook it again as its pretty unexciting, and I had doubled the spice quantities as I like flavour to smack my tastebuds, not gently stroke them. Still wasn’t enough to spice this curry up though. Like I’ve said before, Indian curries seem to be completely beyond my capability, I should leave it to the pros.
SPIT ROASTED POTATOES:
Tonight i decided on a whim to have a go at making soap. Ive never really thought too much about making soap as for some reason i didn't think soap was overly popular these days but anyhow i wanted to play and make something girly.
I really like themes, and this week it was all about SNOW. I read the FREE online book, Snowmen at Night. Then we brainstormed and filled in our graphic organizer. Finally, I gave the students the prompt: What do snowmen do at night?
As soon as Nicolas came home from work Taylor would be waiting at the door for his dad.
You guys ever hear of the Binger, Bing Crosby? He's like Dean Martin, except not drunk all the time and--as far as I know--doesn't try to drug some young woman into a "white Christmas" and his "holiday inn", if you know what I'm saying. If you don't, well, you need to catch up on your classic Christmas movies. Commie. Also, what the hell? Barenaked Ladies made one helluva Christmas album a few years ago, with new songs and traditional. And it's awesome. Try throwing that in every once in a while instead of another rendition of Frosty the Snowman.
Serving: After the cooked meat is put onto a clean plate, sprinkle some Kosher salt and pepper, let the meat rest on the plate for a few minutes before eating. Cover lightly with foil. This resting time allows for the meat juices to redistribute back into the cooked meat. While the meat is resting, prepare a tossed salad to go along with your steak tips. Additional steamed or grilled veggies is added nutrition to your meal. If you prepare enough steak tips and salad you then have another meal for the next day: cook once, eat twice!
Went to the mid-night premiere last night!
Her parents described ongoing fears at their daughter potentially contracting a sexually transmitted disease. Subsequent testing found she did not.
A reader in South Africa sends his evaluation of the possible futures facing his country:
Here is the cooked product ...
The spider is death and rebirth, and they molt their exoskeletons. They are really incredibly delicate creatures, who remind us to tread lightly. When my mother’s Tarantula molts she goes onto her back, this may look like the Spider is dead, but it is not. Here is a good article on what to do and not to do when your Spider is Molting.
this is my blog !!
(5) Eumeah Smith Ozene Benoit
This week was a short week but we were able to get a lot of activities done. The first thing we worked on this week was homophones! My kids loved talking about homophones and came up with some great words that I didn't even think of. We made these cute pears from Pinterest I found!
I do not respond kindly to being thrown to the sidelines.He,of all, should know.
Now allow me to take a few days off! See you this weekend! I'll be a blogging fiend this weekend!
The incomparable Fairuz sings over the noise in the square
ROTHBERG MB, ROSE DN. Vaccination versus treatment of influenza in working adults: a cost-effectiveness analyses. Am J Med 2005; 118: 68-77.
It didn’t matter. For him, a lifetime of dissappointments, a difficult childhood and an uncertain future was too much for him to handle and my love wasn’t going to be enough to pull him out of what was taking him over. He feared his string of bad luck was contagious, and would eventually find me too. He didn’t want to “bring me down.”
Extra entries are not required, but will give you a better chance. You can do any, all or none, just please leave a comment for each extra entry letting me know what you did so they will be counted Also, include your e-mail or it will not be counted. You can put your e-mail as youremail(at)gmail(dot)com if you wish to avoid spammers.
And man did they look good doing it. The Dawgs ended up winning by 15, but led by as much as 21 and held the lead the entire game, never letting Tennessee getting closer than ~10 points. UGA shot 56.3% on FG’s, were 3-5 on 3 pointers and outplayed UT on the glass, 35-24.
, the African is nurtured into such inexplicable witchcraft beliefs by certain parts of the African culture. It feeds into the African’s strong believes in evil spirits, demons, witches, juju and other malevolent forces as responsible for life’s difficulties. The African isn’t accountable for his or her actions.
Stuff firmly.
It is amazing how small-minded I can be. How it is a constant struggle, to close myself off and live as selfishly as I want.
— Tim Burton
(Plus, I’m not saying someone is going to win said kit, nor nothing…I’m just sayin’ you know… if Kim knew what kind of kit you wanted she might be more inclined to produce such a thing. And then let the person that requested it, HAVE it. I dunno, you know….free. I’m not saying that’s what IS going to happen… Im just sayin’….ya know. The possibility is there *wink*)
Fast forward to today, March 22nd:
Seldane was an antihistamine on the market in the 1980’s. However, mom thought it was good for EVERYTHING. Very often conversations in my childhood house went like this:
But a fair few have thought of using ‘Forward’ in their marketing campaigns before, including Chairman Mao Zedong, pictured above.
Breaking from my self-imposed hiatus, I have written the below piece on the Japanese crisis. The content has little to do with technology as it has not been written with that purpose in mind. The below paragraphs, sentences and words are my attempt to digest the effects of the earthquakes and tsunamis that hit Japan between the 11th and 12th of March 2011. I deliberately omitted images and videos from this post in order to avoid sensationalising the content.
5. To doula, or not to doula? It's a little late to find anyone good. But, after a recent hospital tour, I'm not sure I want to be doula-free, after all. The promise of having my own midwife (and doctor) wasn't quite all it's cracked up to be. The midwives are just glorified nurses, and don't seem to have the ability to suggest alternatives to medical intervention, which is what I wanted. I found a doula who does acupuncture and massage, and contacted her on the off chance she's free. We'll see. I'm going to explore my options on this one. I think I'd be better off with a doula, but it just feels like a lot of work at this point.
Number of Races: 1
So, welcome, to another edition of VOTW: Victory of the week!
I’ve been experimenting with a few hairstyles lately and always wondered how Lady Gaga did her hair bow! Haha. Well a few practices on my sister and baaam! I think I got it. Here’s how I did it:
Is how I went from being his everything
--Capital Paint & Decorating
Right. Chocolate truffle and coffee in front of me.
In addition to the foregoing General Objections, Plaintiff objects to Interrogatory No. 9 on the grounds that it is overbroad, unduly burdensome, calls for information that is not relevant to the claim or defense of any party, and calls for information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege and the attorney work product doctrine.
Fresh from their appearance in our list of great EPs from 2011, Brooklyn based Conveyor are already looking ahead and planning on grabbing 2012 by the scruff of the neck and making it their bitch.
Life-skills involve the synthesis of multiple skills practiced simultaneously. For example, the ability to make correct decisions involves critical thinking (“what are my options?”), creativity (“to generate multiple options”), emotional intelligence (“what are my feelings?”) and values clarification (“what is important to me?”). The interplay between the skills is what produces constructive behavioral outcomes.
**Silly sidenote** The hubby and I decided after a night of drinking that we would change our last names to A'sauras. Like dinosaurs. I was pumped because he sounded totally down for the whole thing, until the next day after we sobered up. Back to the drawing board.
It was a huge success.
Anyhow, and after way, way, way too much introduction, Felix the Cat:
It is counter-intuitive to allow creative chaos. Every one of us would rather have control…the thing is, kids need a chance to have some control too…and that feels a bit chaotic for us adults.
Bring on 2012 : )
So nice to be back in the zone and I've a box load of new stash to get threw as well including the new Zutter Electric Distressing Tool. Not enough hours in the day and what with all the other unused stamps I've just found I should be in my element right now.
The director of the British Museum had the title of ‘Principal Librarian’ in the nineteenth century, and under him were the Keepers (and Assistant-Keepers). On 27 April 1831, Antonio Panizzi was appointed ‘Extra-Assistant Librarian’, beginning an association with the museum which lasted until his death in 1879 and is commemorated in the annual Panizzi Lectures on bibliographical topics.
It is true, indeed, that since they have temporal lordship and wealth, they ought to make out of it the same contributions to the emperor, kings, or princes that other holdings properly make, and render the same services that others are expected to render. Nay, these “goods of the Church,” as they call them, ought above all others to serve and help in the protection of the needy and the welfare of all classes, for they are given for that purpose, not in order that a bishop may forget his office and use them for war or battle. If the banner of Emperor Charles or of a prince is in the field, then let everyone run boldly and gladly to the banner to which his allegiance is sworn; but if the banner of a bishop, cardinal, or pope is there, then run the other way, and say “I do not know this coin; if it were a prayer book, or the Holy Scriptures preached in the Church, I would rally to it.”
Abu Usama, spokesperson for the group Islam4Ireland, told Metro Éireann that “it is against the rule of Islam for a Muslim woman to be seen publicly without her hijab”.
In the words of John Cougar Mellencamp: No I cannot forget where it is that I come from, I cannot forget the people who love me. Yeah, I can be myself here in this small town and people let me be just what I want to be.
And spit their lies
“We’re going to be moving in many cases toward a private cloud construct, but we’re thinking about the possibilities for commercial cloud,” Takai told an audience at the annual Defense Information Systems Agency conference, according to Information Week. “One of the things my office is working on is, as we move toward commercial cloud, what does that mean and what do we need from a DoD perspective.”
This is a clip of my favorite musical number from the movie. A dialogue coach hired by the studio to help Kelly’s character transition to talkies is not being taken seriously by Kelly and O’Connor. It’s hard to take your eyes off Kelly but check out O’Connor holding his own.
Morgan and I thoughtfully discussed 2010 and we reflected on our blessed family and the life we share. We also remembered the sadness of Zoey but keep she, Jada and Jordan in a place of total perfection.
I get why a crime might be bigger news. But the gap in attention is way out of whack.
Mary and Freddie remained friends until his death in 1991. When Freddie died he left her his mansion (Garden Lodge) in Kensington, as well as the bulk of his estate.
rushonrock: Musically, what do you want to give fans with this release?
When I was growing up, my Nanny taught me how to bake. I think that is one of the reasons I love baking as an adult. Nanny loved it and she passed that on to me. She used that old teacup to measure her sugar. Of course when I was a teenager and taking Home Economics, I explained to her that it wasn't an accurate form of measurement and would most certainly mess up the baked goods. Nanny humored me and we used measuring cups. I'm not sure why I or she did not think to measure out one cup with a measuring cup and fill the teacup with it. We never did. I did that a couple of months ago. Guess what? I was exactly one cup! In honor of my Nanny, my sugar canister now has a teacup from the stonewear set that she blessed me with for my hope chest when I was in junior high. I measured it too. One cup.
thought substitution is to spend as much time thinking positive thoughts
Accusing someone of adultery was a very tricky thing because catching someone in the act of adultery was almost impossible. One person perhaps could follow the wayward couple and hide in order to witness a very private and intimate act, but two or three persons? Very unlikely. Those were days without smart phones or digital cameras. What you saw you saw with your eyes and you told with your mouth and people could either believe you or not. You really didn’t have much more than your word.
Uh, what a day. Working in my office at the same time as contemplating many personal things. I’m the type of guy that needs to know the answers of things. Well, not only answers, but logical explanations about events that affect me. I’m gradually gaining peace though and I have no hard feelings toward anybody. I just feel that I must have missed the facts of some past things or perhaps some facts were intentionally hidden from me. I’ll use all the learning to make a better future. Even just looking at the facts I do know, I’m doing the best thing now I guess. I believe my feet are now on a well-constructed path where landslides and potholes can be avoided (mostly.) One thing I’ve learned is that to build something well, you have to be prepared to possibly invest years of work. It’s a lot! People have baggage and it’s quite a process fitting into the same taxi to begin a new journey of life together. Some will never get to the point of being able to put some of that in the trunk and forget it! Some just stay in the same cyclic routine for many years. Ironically and maybe only personal coincidence, but I’ve discovered that those same people are the ones to preach about how to have a good relationship.
.....one of my love/hate resolutions was to grow my hair out until I have my next baby....
Totalitarianism, communism/socialism, nazism, fascism, theocracy or religious authoritarianism— these are all part and parcel of collectivism, a social, economic and political outlook that stresses human interdependence and the primacy of a collective, rather than the significance of individuals. On the other hand, individualism is the moral, social and political perspective that puts emphasis on human independence and the importance of self-reliance and liberty; it is the opposite of collectivism.
“In all honesty, the name Boiler Room began life as a working title for 24-7′s first intentional community, in Reading, UK. It was a nickname, and it stuck! It was a name harking back to the great and glorious days of steam, where boiler rooms powered vast machines and systems. In these places, fires were fueled night-and-day, pistons converting pressure into power, and eventually into heat and light for the community. It was only later that we discovered that C.H. Spurgeon, one of the greatest preaches of the late-nineteenth century, attributed the fruitfulness of his entire ministry to something he called ‘Boiler Rooms’. These were prayer meetings – often established in basements – that interceded while Spurgeon preached to crowds of thousands above their heads. Spurgeon considered them the power-source of his own ministry.”
When we arrive at the top of the giant bowel above the stark emerald-coloured lake the wind is biting. Sophie and I opt to take the steep, hour-long descent to the bottom of the volcanic crater.
A drug experimenter in the sixties.
Thankful for the laughs and smiles you bring to my day
The title was a clever reminder that this was the sixth album and the band now had six members - Nigel had just joined. Davie Bowie was superstar guest artiste and played saxophone on To Know Him Is to Love Him. It was his first session helping out another band "and he was very shy".
from its pores – the gash of life
Tough yes, but it is do-able. It is worth all the price and prize because we get to put the nation back on its path that is not riddled with corruption, racism, divisive politics and personal, self-serving greed.
Mines, Diane 2005 Fierce Gods. Inequality, Ritual and the Politics of Dignity in a South Indian Village, Bloomington: Indiana University Press.
Pink Bazzill
Small drawing of a child (you can use a paper doll)
Federal Tax ID 62-1448961 DUNS # 07-931-2042
3.) Abortion -
The path of religion although can bring some serenity and belief to ones lives will not take you that far down the spiritual path to perception,awareness, and enlightenment. religion contains too much dogma within and has been altered dramatically down the ages by the people who run it, and most of the scriptures of any religion can be interpreted to suit the ego. Without question however religious symbology and artifacts can be used to help you along the spiritual path, the cross for instance can be used as a focal point to draw upon the power of the Christ consciousness. any image of Mary can create a peaceful blessing setting, a statue of Buddha can bring calmness and oneness etc…In fact although I am not a christian, I know I follow the ten commandments of god in my 3D bubble reality environment ..that’s what they were designed for, making ours and other people’s lives better here on Earth..they are not really much help when it come to travelling the spiritual path and wanting to understand our true meaning.
Now that the kids are older, I haven't felt the need to go for my early morning escapades to the headland. These days, they will mostly wake up, get themselves a cereal box from the variety pack, fight over who has the Coco Pops for half an hour, play with the pot pourri, and then go off to play with the boy they have befriended who lives next door. Meanwhile Tom and I sit in bed reading, and pray they don't tire of the robot and alien roleplay games before we've managed to finish our cup of tea.
The earth rose into shapes of mountains and hills, rivers and creeks, then he blew on the sky and his breath formed feathery white clouds. The trees began to turn various shades of green, the mountains to violet and purple, and the birds began to display colours of the rainbow.
Creating opportunities
JSB—The version passed around Huntsville was that a squirrel had gotten in the generator in the middle of the night.
1:40PM - Turn and baste potatoes and parsnips.
His imagination is like wandering through a wild wood--full of shadow and light. The question is how to nuture the infinite possibilities of that mind without letting all the boogeymen slip in? Apparently there are rules to follow. Like a red cotton ribbon can actually keep the scaries from sneaking out of the closet when it is draped over both door handles. Who knew?
Thanks, Holly!
6. What time of year is it? How can you tell?
sweater - target
Replacing animal protein with plant protein
Nina Lee Aquino is a director, dramaturge and playwright. She is the artistic director of Cahoots Theatre Company and an artistic associate of Factory Theatre. She is also the editor of Canada’s first Asian-Canadian drama anthology titled love & relasianships (Playwrights Canada Press, Spring 2009). Other credits include awards for directing (Ken McDougall Award 2004, Canada Council John Hirsch Prize 2008), and Dora Mavor Moore Award nominations for outstanding direction (Singkil, fu-GEN Theatre Company 2007; People Power, Carlos Bulosan Theatre 2008, lady in the red dress, fu-GEN Theatre Company 2009). Nina co-wrote Miss Orient(ed) and her monologues have been published in Beyond the Pale (Yvette Nolan, ed.) and She Speaks (Judith Thompson, ed.)
“This is delicious.” Kates.
After Stevie died, I swore that if I was ever pregnant again, I would do things differently. I wouldn't get my hopes up. I wouldn't assume being pregnant meant I'd be bringing home a baby. I wouldn't talk about my pregnancy all the time, take stupid belly pictures, or buy all that baby stuff. I wouldn't lay my heart out there on the line, only to be hurt and humiliated once again.
That leaves, Cathy, Dad, Kandi, My mom, Kandi's mom, and Kayla...
Published 2012
Questa ragazza e' la mia figlia, Pia. Il ragazzo e' il suo marito, Jason.
The contracts are each for four years and are expected to be in support of Anadarko’s future long term drilling programmes offshore Mozambique.
I binged last night because I got in a screaming match with my dad and made him cry. I just didn’t know what to do, so I binged. bulimic/no control/fat/insecure.
I was especially happy because the timing of my fight, and the access to internet meant that I could join the #BCSM (Breast Cancer Social Media) Twitter discussion for half an hour before I had to go to the departure gate. I particularly wanted to join this discussion too…………..
I decided on this yogurt cake, which is really more of a quick bread - definitely not as sweet or as rich as a pound cake. But waaaay better for you.
I was very disappointed at the pigmentation of the Balm, it's basically clear lip gloss, and for $7 USD is very expensive. Also another thing that bothered me is the greasiness of it, it doesn't feel waxy like balm but greasy like oil on your lips. On the other hand the lip butters are very creamy and very light, but they don't really moisturize your lips. It is basically lipstick and not a tinted lipbalm.
Ask yourself some questions.
ND - Remarkably little actually. In Scotland we’ve never had a newco at any time but in England but in England whenever a club goes into administration a newco is a natural consequence. That now seems to be the accepted way that clubs now emerge from administration. So the likes of Crystal Palace recently and Plymouth in the last few years; those are clubs that went into administration., They took their points deduction for going into administration on the first place but in terms of coming out of administration a newco was the preferred route forward.
I so enjoyed creating these adorable pieces and hope they each find a home of their own one day.
Sorry the pics are not formal, but life has been crazy of late. Setting up some photo shoot just isn't feasible these days. Fortunately, life is crazy with family gatherings, so this increases the chances that I get pictures like this to share. ;)
It's no secret ad agencies like bright, shiny objects. Especially when they happen to arrive in the form of advertising awards.
The initial commitment is for 5-10 hours per week, with a strong likelihood of this increasing as the studio continues to grow. Hours are flexible and after an initial training period, much of the work can be done remotely. Pay is $10/hour or $15/hour in barter for classes, treatments and studio use. A combination of pay and barter is possible.
As you can see, my driveway is steep (steeper than it looks in the photo) and long. It continues up and out of the range of the photo to the right for another good 30 feet, at least. Her 12-year-old daughter and her little brother (about 3 or 4) went sledding down the driveway the past couple of days - having a great time on their little plastic sleds.
- the way you call for your dad if he isn't in the bed when I bring you to our bed in the morning
The Law and Jesus Christ
Then in Part 2, we looked at Method 1 – Getting Paid to Complete Trial Offers. A quick recap of Method 1. In Method 1, you sign up as a referral for someone else using their referral link. You then agree on a payment to go Green on that site, you complete the Trial Offers and Go Green. They then pay you the agreed upon amount and you are able to refer others to that site over and over again with your own referral link.
Two days later, the white mob returned to Rosewood and burned every building in sight.
This is just a brief overview of what forms of human trafficking take place in Pakistan. Part 2 will look at how.
3And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices.
I’ve worked in a few different places and had a few, significantly, different jobs. I worked as a bookseller & barista with a 50/50 male to female staff, as a mechanic with a 70/30 staff, and as a receptionist with a 30/70 staff. And let me tell you where it was the most comfortable: with the boys. At the shop where I was a mechanic things were chill. The guys just hung around and joked all day, they never gossiped (and if they did it was about who broke the welder), and they never, ever, called a girl anything but a girl. They didn’t make snide remarks and they didn’t pretend to like each other when they didn’t. Whereas, when I worked as a receptionist you heard insults all the time. Girls were always talking about each other, gossiping, and basically bad-mouthing everyone they knew. If you want to know who’s slept with who you always go to the girls. Guys don’t talk about that shit unless they’re bragging, and even then, they don’t use names. Why do you think it takes a guy forever to learn who a girl’s exes are? Maybe the girls didn’t realize that by talking shit they looked bad, that it was bad for morale, and that people could overhear them; but I think they more likely got off on it. It’s almost like every mean word, correction, or remark about someone else was a way to make themselves look and feel better. Like they had to tear everyone else down to feel like a “woman.” And I hated it. I don’t know why they were like this, they made more than the mechanics I worked with, but I have to assume it’s because somewhere, along the line, they were raised to be mean girls.
On my way back through the little gate staring me in the face was one of my potted tubs just mindelessly vandalised - tipped up and plants pulled out and compost all over the place. Baffled, again no-one in sight - by no-one I was referring to either DAVE THE LAMB - OR MAX AND MATILDA THE DAMN GEESE) I once again started to scoop quickly - mainly due to me now being practically a soil scooping expert and being really mad - I was so mad. I went inside before I did something to Dave I might regret.
Genres : Comedy
Also, the film draaaaaaags in the middle.
A CIO asked me what I was doing for the next three to five years. This was his round about way of offering me a job as a Director of a Litigation Support Department. My answer was pretty blunt and straightforward. I said, “I have no idea what I might be doing over the next three to five years, but let’s keep talking further about what you (the CIO) have in mind.”
But you’re careful with your evaluations and you want to know if these players are still productive right now. That’s fair; let’s see the offensive data for the very same set of NHL forwards over the last two seasons.
THE POP COP: Do you read blogs or take an interest in what people write about you?
The Antrim Guardian alleged that the British National Party delegation was asked to leave by "concerned organisers". They went further with their absurd piece by claiming there was an angry altercation with a local man!
He glares, “Mature really mature.”
Me: Yes, and they know that I went to theFamily JusticeCenter, they know I met with a lawyer today.
Glasgow.
As the smallest primate in the world, the arboreal, nocturnal Philippine tarsier has all the basic qualities of cute: enormous eyes set in a tiny body no bigger than a human fist and tiny knobbly paws with which it grasps onto tree branches.
Perhaps the most polarizing character in Miracle Day, though, is Jilly Kitzinger (Lauren Ambrose), who, like Oswald, is another surrogate villain, although I wonder if people realize she’s supposed to be this crazy bitch in heels? I mean, you do get that the idea here was to create a camp, over the top villainess, right? Jilly’s a publicist who finds herself thrust in the middle of the miracle madness, and with every step she takes, she finds herself enmeshed deeper in the conspiracy, until finally, at the end, she’s at the very center of it all. I’ve been a fan of Ambrose since her days on Six Feet Under, so I was perhaps predisposed to appreciating her work here, although Claire Fisher Jilly is most certainly not. However, she attacks this role with the same kind of ferocity as she did Claire for five seasons. Unlike Children of Earth, Miracle Day doesn’t end with a complete sense of closure. Although its storyline is tied up nicely, its characters are left dangling, and Jilly is one of them. I don’t pray, but if I did, I’d pray for more Torchwood and more Jilly Kitzinger, because I had so much fun with Miracle Day, and this just simply cannot be the end. Yes, like the best professional entertainers, Russell has left me wanting more.
Rubbing her neck, Sam stared up at the cabin in the tree. Light flickered in the small windows and she caught a mixed smell of wood smoke and lavender. She glanced back at the pathway, but it was gone. The fence had closed around them in a perfect circle. Her skin crawled at the sight of the skulls' red eye sockets, still glowing red in the darkness. Her father let out a long sigh, but whether it was born of relief or fear she wasn't sure.
2010.08.24 Mali Bamako 1 0 An older pensioner taken prisoner by al-Qaeda is murdered in captivity.
What do you call it when rain falls while the sun is shining?
Goodness...she really is very sad today..
They spew cliché democracy and liberation
and the technology that binds them, we influence customer behavior across the spectrum of
Ex-Google employee (and Google+ engineer lead) James Whittaker was recently in the news for blasting Google on the blog of his new employer, Microsoft, claiming Google was “desperate.” Whittaker was the second Google employee in the past six months to criticize Google+ for losing its spirit of innovation.
Jim Delany is one scary sumbitch.
We have been here before. This planet is a battleground, where all that is good and enduring must come up against the temporary monstrosities, created out of our confusions and weaknesses. It is because so many of us are in a state of convenient blindness, born from self interest, that these creatures can go about their dreadful enterprises.
What I enjoyed about the two I've read is the playing with genres. Although they are historical mysteries set in Russia, The Winter Queen is like a James Bond novel and Murder on the Leviathan a Golden Age mystery with an enclosed setting, in this case a the world's largest steamship — but think Death on the Nile by Agatha Christie and you won't be far wrong. The third, which I'll hopefully get around to reading soon, seems to have elements of George Macdonald Fraser. They're well worth seeking out.
It is to be wondered – if we could live in peace and safety if we accept a Dark Pixie to rule us, does that suggest that we CANNOT expect peace and safety if we REFUSE such rule? A threat from the wylds?
I write and speak in hopes
02. Instrumental 2 (Studio Demo 81 XYZ)
But you can't hold your man.
The Spey Golf Course was very well known and was a busy place. The gravel pit was also going then. That was between the farm and the seashore. There was also a railway station in Spey Bay. Lots of visitors came to stay at the Spey bay Hotel to play golf and enjoy the seaside. At Christmas it was very busy. Carrie and her husband would go for a meal at the hotel on a Saturday night. There was music, dancing with accordian playing and local fiddle music. Sometimes there was a four bit band (drum, fiddle, accordian, piano?).
"Grouping order", of course, is how Gevin Giorbran liked to refer to the underlying organizing process that reveals itself within timelessness. If I throw a coin ten times and write down H or T for heads or tails, the highest possible grouping order would look like this: HHHHHTTTTT (or TTTTTHHHHH). The other possible extreme would be HTHTHTHTHT (or THTHTHTHTH), which Gevin referred to as being the highest possible "symmetry order". Both of those orders are, when viewed as a whole, identical: they represent a perfectly balanced symmetry, the "zero" that we start from and the "zero" that our universe returns to. The idea that our universe or any other springs from a breaking of symmetry is not unique to Gevin though. Cosmologists refer to symmetry breaking all the time as the answer to this simple question. "Why is there something rather than nothing?"
I also have copies of my books to sell so if you fancy a signed copy, let me know. I do not charge postage and packing!
Oaken Barrel Brewing Alabaster Wit 4.5%
Guthrie: so you really like Romney
Hmm, back to the here and now. I did miss Mass. I really didn't see a way around that. I had things to do, could do them, did do them, but couldn't have slept anyway. I can let one goal go in order to make a primary goal. And I might still be able to make Mass tomorrow, depending on what is decided and who needs what no matter what is decided about this and that. I know, I KNOW, but I only have one 'me' and that one isn't so great. You can't make a catfish fry dinner with only carrots, broccoli, and peanuts, 'kay? Yeah, a bit more picking and grinning, then to polishing shoes (and boots while I'm at it), laundry, soaking pots and pans (for now), maybe a meal later if I have time, cleaning toilets, and a pre-shower after that so tomorrow's shower will see me to more of the pick dust out of my hair, maybe all of it. Even with a baseball cap on my bean I must get a pound of dirt in my hair when I do that!
Get your crockpot out and grease the bottom with a little butter. (I know, sounds like Paula Dean!)
I noticed that a guy kept smiling at me from the next table, so I started smiling back (I just learned last week that this is referred to as “eye fucking.” I’ve been told I need to practice). He finally started talking to me, and I gave him my number at the end of the night. He called me in the parking lot before I had even gotten into the car. Is that cute, or creepy? I need help deciphering these things.
We always look forward to our weekly dates, even the more low key ones at the deli. It is so nice to get out of the house away from the worries and stresses of home. It is wonderful for me not to have to worry about cooking dinner or doing dishes for 1 evening a week, and we can have time just to focus on each other. Weekly dates are something I really recommend, if you can find a way to make them work! There are lots of obstacles to keep people from doing it, but with a little hard work and planning I think it's possible for most people to at least do monthly dates or even twice a month, without breaking the bank!
One of the most simple examples is people that has convinced themselves that “only bad things happen to them.” Why? Because their story emphasizes the bad or difficult events in their life and plays down or ignores the good things. They can tell tale after tale of “bad things” and then add up those examples to say that they aren’t supposed to be happy. One style of therapy refers to creation of a story that overemphasizes negative events as a “problem-saturated story.”
Transfer the cheesecake to a serving platter and sprinkle with the toppings.
I know that I am getting better at looking at the big picture and basing my willingness to change on that, rather than a knee jerk immediate rebuff and steadfast resistance... is it wisdom, is it an eagerness to stretch and gather in all the experiences this life has to offer, even if that means stepping out into the unknown?
I can’t end this recap without telling you that one of my fellow half marathon runners passed away during the race after a sudden cardiac arrest. He’d been taken to the hospital by the time I got there, but my boss ran past as they were working on him. Two years older than me, and an avid runner. I was in shock. Even though I’d never met him, I couldn’t help but think that after pouring himself into training, he should be whining about how much his legs hurt and milking sympathy from his family right now, not taken so suddenly. My thoughts and prayers have definitely been with his family since. I still can’t believe it.
She loves to make high pitch squeals like she's talking.
I: Absolutely. Were you aware of how influential both Essential Logic and X-ray Spex had been on the Riot Grrl scene in the US?
In a hallway, leading to the room of a hanged man in spades
Rock-a-Doodle
Throughout the book Watt’s photographs and illustrations add another dimension to the narrative. Water themed pictures or happy family snaps all seem to complement the stories being told.
Now, as I sit here with my third salad, It's time for show and tell. My digital camera wouldn't flash, so the pictures came out YELLOW. I tried everything, then I remembered my scanner. A piece of scrapbook paper makes a shabby background.
**@ corner ch25 (tie), sl st in 2nd ch from hook and each ch **in sc on neckline, sc in 1st sc on corner and next 4 sc, ch 20(vine), sl st in 2nd ch and each ch, (5sc across row ends, repeat vine in next sc,) repeat 3 more times around front and opposite shoulder, sc 6, **this should put you at the opposite back corner** ch25 for second tie, repeat sl st on ch and down opposite back. Cut off and weave ends.
In that sense, transition is a second adolescence. It’s a second puberty, obviously, as you get your hormones on, but it moves you back to–it moved me back to, at any rate–a Zero Place, where I could reset all my counters and go through the defaults again, especially as regards my place in society. Do you really want this, or this? Do you want to be with men, or with women? Do you want a penis, or a vagina? Lots of people want to keep their penis. Let’s face it, we all (people not just trannie people) like to play with ourselves now and again. What naughty bits do you want to have? You can have whatever you want. Sort of.
That last line is one of Port’s more famous witticisms, mainly because it is one of the most publicized, as it got a lot of press after the 1990 team reached the College World Series. It is quintessential Port, to be sure.
8.Sun Gods In Exile "Eye For An Eye" from Black Light, White Lines
Obviously, this was written before his present trip to Jerusalem. He knew of the great dangers that faced him. He knew of severe satanic opposition. He knew that he was wrestling against spiritual wickedness in heavenly places. He knew that he would have to be spiritually fortified. “Strive together with me in your prayers to God for me.”
a song like “Low” can make me giggle, transporting me back to a great girls’ cruise. Walked a bit faster on that boring treadmill.
Match 4) Sheamus def. Daniel Bryan in a 2-Out-of-3 Falls Match for The World Heavyweight Championship
Uptown girls - Stamping Bella
Daddy presented her with a rose on the final night when she also received her very first trophy, which now has a proud spot in her room.
-Wolverine sends Deadpool into some sort of high tech assassin dealership, where they customize assassins to go after particular targets.
By Dirk Johnson
Cali Girl's last customers tonight were a couple of weirdos. One of them was wearing one of those round wool Rastafarian-wannabe hats, and stank of weed. His girlfriend looked like a soccer mom, but was speaking absolute gibberish. I seriously walked by and she was looking intently at the guy and saying, “gnarble garble larble barble.” What the fuck? I had to go in the back before I burst out laughing.
Who's your dream launcher?
Christina discussed her performance with CNN:
FROM ME
So, what small gift would you like from France?
There was too much of a language barrier between us for me to explain that where I come from, no ice stays dry.
To my eyes, some of these efforts lean towards the irrational, to the point where some regulatory attempts (not to mention some of the things parents are being prosecuted for) can not only interfere with basic parenting but a child’s ability to explore their world as well. I sometimes wonder what kind of people our children will turn into under so much legislated fear, and what kind of society it might lead them to create in their turn. Hopefully, the pendulum will eventually swing back to an attitude that’s more balanced…something that moderates the current hyper-vigilance with at least some acceptance of the fact that the very nature of life is, and always will be, unpredictable.
I won’t review music, as I’m not highly knowledgeable in that field, and probably wouldn’t be able to give a good opinion, but I will be reviewing the things listed here..as well as other things. After all, in my life, there’s probably something I haven’t heard of that I’ll encounter and want to review. It probably won’t happen right now, but if it happens in the future, I’ll be updating this list.
The cult objects include five standing stones (Massebot), two basalt altars, two pottery libation vessels and two portable shrines. No human or animal figurines were found, suggesting the people of Khirbet Qeiyafa observed the biblical ban on graven images.
Trueman: My wife asked if I was looking forward to going. I said no but it will give me something to write about. But I must admit that I had a great time.
You are loved most profoundly,
for one lucky winner
What are you saying to your children, your spouse, your co-workers? How are your words affecting them? Are they encouraging, lifting, comforting and affirming? Or, are your words cutting, insulting condescending, or demeaning? You are creating the atmosphere you live in by the words you speak…make sure it’s an environment that will empower and not dis-empower you to reach the goals you are pursuing! Talk is cheap; but the consequences are costly!
Sales grew 7 percent over the past year to $213.8 million, according to SymphonyIRI, a Chicago-based market research firm that tracks sales at supermarkets, drug stores and mass merchandise outlets, excluding Wal-Mart.
"The Hakushu Bourbon Barrel (no age statement). 48 percent alcohol.
This is the first time I’ve seen a transvidual subject turn into a subject, speak, and then dissolve in this way. Anyone can speak for the group, it’s a radically distributed, transvidual networked political subject. And yet it’s remarkably low-tech. While I’m sure that the human mic has existed before in history, likely invented and reinvented as need be, I’m not sure if has ever been distributed and spontaneous like this. Perhaps we needed the internet and today’s networked world to help us to see these potentials. But in a moment of crisis, this protester just said ‘mic check!,’ and in the age of crowdsourcing ideas and revolution-by-twitter, no-one had to say anything more, people just intuitively knew what to do.
“Sure.” I answered.
keeping yourself to a rigorous curricula when you're a five-year-old
That really is the main problem I think.....I just have very little enthusiasm right now. Lack of sleep and a few things in life which I have to get my head round have left me feeling somewhat depleted, and sometimes after, or during a busy day, when my head feels in a whirl, the last thing I wish to do is to write this blog! Then I worry about the fact that I haven't got to others blogs, and then that just stresses me too! Does that make any sense to you at all?? Or is it just me?! Do you ever get the urge to press delete? Or have I stood up and blurted out the unspeakable in blogland?
The DT have made some gorgeous crafty creations for you which we hope will spur you on to join us in this piccie challenge,
Any who I'm currently living in jumpers thrown over a collared shirt.
her hands and said, “I’m ugly!”
Now, many of you will remember the over-the-top albino Silas from the Da Vinci Code, the God’s Work psychokiller memebot. Pretty scary mofo, huh? Well, the sect he supposedly represents is much, much scarier than the Da Vinci parody, and then some. God’s Work does not support evil, it IS evil, reeking of hypocritical self-righteous piousness. Their doctrine in a mfcking nutshell is that god has ordered them to convert the rest of us by steel and fire. Forget the conquistadors, the inquisitors, the fachas and the other psychopaths Made in Spain, they were dilettants compared to the Work. If the conquistadores were the Sword of Roam, God’s Work aspires to be its Ultimate Weapon, its Doomsday Device, in a word: Armageddon.
Over the weekend I got the orange pitcher and cute little salt and pepper shakers.
This is so beyond the mental boundaries of what the "games are for kids!" political whores are trying to establish in this country - this takes that notion, chews it up and spits it up.
That story put out by Kuwaiti and Khan, which was evidently an effort to explain his regular monthly visits to Peshawar, eventually reached the ISI detachment in Abbottabad. The result was a routine request to the detachment in Peshawar to make an inquiry to confirm the information. After months of methodical checking in Peshawar, the ISI unit there reported that none of the half-dozen Arshad Khans who were money changers was a resident of Abbottabad. The inconsistency was conveyed to ISI headquarters in early 2010, with a request for an expanded search in other towns, according to the ISI sources. A request was then sent to all major cities in Pakistan, just in case somebody had gotten the location of the business wrong.
Last Sunday, Action celebrated his First Communion at church. And our wonderful families came to town to help him celebrate. He was excited and nervous. But everything went smoothly and he looked dashing to boot :)
Glasgow Film Office (and in particular Jennifer Reynolds) were very supportive from the beginning; during our development phase and through principle photography. They were very easy to deal with and assisted us with logistics, contacts and a facilities grant
Cuddling
Let us love as Christ loved, when on earth once he trod.
Is he really an educator of international renown? Has he really captured the love and admiration of political and religious leaders, including Hillary Clinton and Pope John Paul II?
He also cooked a pot of rice and a pot of red beans; combine however you see fit.
In Genevieve’s conversations with Bar­ack, her family was seldom a topic. Barack provided an escape from all that, a sanctuary. She felt that she had far more in common with him than with her relatives. “That wasn’t my world,” she said of the social circles of her mother and stepfather and father. “I was through and through infused with the sense of being an outsider, like Barack was.”
Textures, size variety and scaping. It is so easy to mix a few different textures and size tapers, collinettes and even pillars together to make a statement centerpiece.
“We’ve seen some encouraging efforts to combat the world’s climate crisis in the past few years.
E@L has been pumping the asphalt (or doing c-p stuff in the gym; HR at 125bpm or so) every day, mostly, for the last two weeks. And is off the grog. It's merely a matter of willpower, of becoming the person who you have chosen for yourself to be in the power of visualizing... yada yada. He's on a diet and a get fit kick. Maybe it's the massive negative incentive of having committed to give $5k to a cause he detest (maybe some TCM university studying how best to exterminate endangered species for fun and profit when aspirin or Viagra would work just as well - sorry, I mean would work; maybe the Scientology nutters...) if he can't knock 10% off his body-weight in three (3, count 'em) months. Bruce is holding the signed cheque and will make the decision about where the money goes. Seriously, no muckin' abart...
Planning on making some of the cheater version with some praline sauce, I'm using this recipe from Family.com
The now notorious video of the incident, which has been viewed 1.5 million times online, shows police rounding up Miss Dedrick and fellow protesters in orange netting, before the officer approaches and sprays them in the face. SNIP
Every volunteer gets a Race T-shirt
Then there’s also the fact that money and cleaning are the two biggest problems in any flatting relationship (just like in most marriages, hah!). I’ve had stingy flatmates who will try anything to squirm out of paying their fair share, and flatmates that were so grossly dirty even by my relaxed standards that I was tempted to tell them to move to a pigsty.
The next pack to be opened will be the pack of Series 2. Can't wait to see what it includes.
Thoroughly wipe down and clean each piece separately and wash all sides of the inside of the refrigerator.
All three of my kids pooped!!
Joanna Trollope is one of my favourite writers, so I picked her most recent book to start off this reading blog. To some extent, all of her novels deal with vulnerable people caught in impossible predicaments, and the beauty of Trollope’s storytelling lies in how her characters find their way out.
Are you a sugar addict? Do you have fatigue on a regular basis that you use coffee, caffeine and sugar laden foods to help you overcome? Do you get cranky and irritable when you are hungry? How about frequent migraines, or sinusitis? Do you find yourself grabbing for the chocolate or Twinkies when your Aunt Flo arrives for her monthly visit? If so, you more than likely have some form of a sugar addiction.
Depth.
Bedankt weer voor het bezoekje en oh.... vergeet geen commentaartje voor me achter te laten.
4. Echo And The Bunnymen - Pictures On My Wall
And finally there is Terry Eagleton's The Event of Literature (Yale), "a concise, witty, and lucid book" that asks what the nature of literature actually is. I take that description from the publisher, but I inserted the serial comma as that is my nature. Eagleton's works touches on various disciplines, but he's best known as a Marxist theorist. Literary theory was the hallmark of many a college English department for many years, and if you want to read more about the passage of many an avid reader into the world of theory, you should probably read Jeffrey Eugenides's The Marriage Plot.
Cooper talks confidently and freely about politics and current affairs: ‘I feel pretty confident we’ll get a Democratic administration next time round,’ he says, ‘but what Bush has done to our world needs a lot of patching up.’ And: ‘We’ve spent so much money on this war our bridges are falling down. As far as the infrastructure goes here, healthcare should be dealt with in this next election.’ And: ‘I’m glad to see Mr Brown is not so comfortable with President Bush. I think he takes a stronger stand on things.’
We are currently seeking book proposals that fit the description above.
Question 1: How many break-dance competitions have you entered, and as a consequence, DESTROYED the other contestants?
I got to the lunch place and ordered an ahi tuna sandwich. They asked if I wanted chips or some sort of cold potato salad or slaw garbage with it. I said, “No, I’m unsubscribing to your lame side dishes.”
541360 Geophysical surveying & mapping services
The whole herb, in common with other species of lysimachia, is said to have astringent and demulcent properties. Herbalists say that it is unusual to find both these properties in any one herb.
Thank you for all of your continued support!
Mountain Equipment Co-op Merlin down bag
"Eric," he said, "I want you to meet Mr. Black, Mr. McScribe, and Chief Rain-in-the-Face. Gentlemen, my friend and sometimes colleague, Mr. Dale."
Trying to find a good LCD TV for Christmas can seem like a daunting task. After all, there are so many options available. There are small TVs, large TVs, and TVs with features that go beyond normal viewing. How do you choose what is best for you?
Our latest Explore section on the Wellcome Collection website is devoted to a selection of the Wellcome Library’s collection of AIDS posters. These posters, produced during the 1980s and 1990s, show evidence of the enormous and diverse public health campaigns created in response to the AIDS epidemic. In the days before twitter and facebook (and, some would say, even now) the quickest way to alert someone to the dangers of HIV was through an eye-catching, attention-grabbing poster in their place of work or play.
-Heart aisle runner (like the floral and lace ones this one has linked hearts all over it) with a linked heart between our names
As you can see I have this rather quirky fear of waiting on the editor. Honestly, I don’t know why. They will like my writing or not, my worth as a writer is not tied up in that one story or whatever the response is. In fact, some of the best critiques I have received have been from editors who took the time to tell me why my story was not accepted, in a kind and constructive way.
in heaven and on earth and under the earth,
Face the fact. Something can be done about it. If you avoid the fact, it gets nastier, and it revisits you. At least now face the fact. Something can still be done about it. What you avoid does not go away from you. It gets uglier, and it revisits you. Every fact that you escape from will one day make you think, “I should have…I could have…I must have…”
Day 3 , no pool this time and just as well, it was kind of rainy . So we ventured down to the beach area because oh by the way it was Fleet Week , one of my favorite holidays! The bars were super fun , the crowds streamed out to the sidewalks, drinks flowed and live music played. Then it was time to get lunch (which happens when you aggressively day drink) so I order a vegetable fajita (delicious by the way) and a margarita (the size of my head and also delicious ) so I was talking to someone across the table when all of a sudden ..owwwww I had leaned on the skillet they tell you never to touch and let me tell you, it is hot! So whatever we move on, continue to drink and about 4 hours later we are walking home and we notice a hole in my shirt – now because you are reading this it may be obvious where this is going but several drinks later it was not so clear! – so all 4 of us were like bummer and I was like well guess that shows me for buying cheap stuff . So I went to bed and read for a whirl then decided to change finally . To me surprise my tank top underneath had a hole in it as well and then sure enough I found a burn mark in a really unfortunate place! Yikes! Lesson learned do not touch a fajita plate! It will ruin your clothes and burn you!
With Black & Dark Brown: Legs (make 4)
I had left the Labour Party in 1986 because under Kinnock, the values that I then adhered to were saying nothing to a new Britain, a Britain where education had become worthless, a Britain where the health system was overloaded and already showing signs of cracking and inability to cope with an increased population. At the same time, there was a decline in Britain’s economic and fiscal soundness. It was a nation that not even Enoch Powell could have predicted would have emerged with such velocity and speed. This was the mid 1980s when Margaret Thatcher had started to bring the incompetence of the unions, with their lack of vision, under control which I give her credit for. But she widened the doors to the immigration crisis and sealed our fate with the cheap gimmick of clawing back pennies from Europe, rather than expelling the Brussells bureaucrats from our shores. She should have kicked the EEC out of Britain when she had the chance. Because the majority of the problems we face today, together with the inability to do anything to counteract them, stem from our accursed membership of the EU.
If you want a fast game, have only a few Dreadskulls... want a long detailed game, simply add more.
Ave Dive Hadriane Auguste!
When Scott and I were in college there were no cell phones, no phones in dorm rooms and email did not exist... wow!!! So when I wanted to hear from him I had to call him from a PAY PHONE in the hallway. I can remember trying to keep our conversations private and crying when I had to hang up. (since I didn't know when I'd be able to talk to him again) I do believe that had we been able to instantly text each other all of the time we would have missed out. So we WROTE letters. Almost every day, at least once a week for 2 1/2 years! And I have every single one of those letters. One of these days I've got to take them out and read them again. (I know that we fell in love in those letters) Anyway, I love handwritten love letters, ohhh, ahhh....
And the most recent addition to that excellentness is the Hackney Picturehouse, a four-screen miniplex that will officially open its doors to the public on October 28 and, luckily for me, is but a mere stroll away. For the privileged elite (ie. those who were willing to shell out thirty quid for membership at a cinema which hadn’t even opened yet), today brought a special sneak-peek, followed by a choice of preview screenings to be held later this week.
(1) That Paddy’s main motivation is his dealings with his shareholding in the Maybourne hotels was to secure secret side deals or “disguised consideration” for his shares. It was suggested that Paddy had worked out a deal with Middle Eastern investors which would pay Paddy GBP 5m (€6m) per annum for 3-5 years and that this was going straight into Paddy’s pocket. It was also suggested Paddy was negotiating a side deal with the Middle Easterners – Qataris in fact – which would see him get a percentage in any uplift in the value of the hotel group based on independent valuations every five years. Paddy denied the former accusation saying that any payment was for project management of the €200m redevelopment of Claridges and the Berkeley hotels, and that Paddy would only receive his expenses and Paddy denied the second deal, saying it never made it as a feasible option. It was further suggested that Paddy supported an investment deal by the Qataris which was worth GBP 875-900m to Maybourne and which would require due diligence at a time when the Barclay brothers were seemingly offering GBP 900m without requiring due diligence and warranties. It was suggested that the Barclay brothers’ deal was superior in value and absence of strings attached, whereas the Qatari deal was potentially worth less and did have strings attached. The implication was that Paddy was supporting the Qatari deal so as to secretly feather his own nest.
7) Love – I’ve asked myself this question before, how do you know you’re in- love? Well I actually don’t know the answer to this one, but if you’re asking the question you pretty much know you’re there if not getting there and that’s one way to know you’ve struck gold!
In contrast the the control-tower design of the front of the building, the rear, incorporating the old Bentall’s furniture depository, has a more Art Deco look to it – as well it might, dating as it does from the middle 1930s – albeit with some rather strange symbolism, such a this head wearing a crown or helmet with a padlock under his chin.
”Sudan confirms that it rejects any efforts to disturb the African Union role and take the situation between Sudan and South Sudan to the UN Security Council,” the Foreign Minister, Ali Karti, said … READ MORE
Back to the shoot, its just the fridge top, no need for fancy marble or stone slabs! The refection at first bothered me but in hindsight its added to this simple grouping.
This contraption?
When I have seen such interchange of state,
Lake Tahoe is my happy place, it is one place were I can truly relax & soak in the beauty around me. And, I read ALL 3 Hunger Games Books while I was gone. SO good!!! I couldn't put them down. Can't wait to see the movie!
(Farrar Straus Giroux, an imprint of Macmillan)
The heroine Xylara takes pity on enemy prisoners, defying her brother’s orders to do so. When the enemy leader defeats her brother’s army, the conqueror’s demands are straightforward – Xylara as his slave, in exchange for peace. In order to save her people, she goes. But her “master” Keir isn’t what her brother has told her to expect. He treats her with respect, allowing her to practice her healing arts and make friends. Xylara finds herself drawn to the handsome warrior, as as she begins to see how the firelanders live, she begins to wonder if everything her brother’s told her is a lie…
Please note that all this was set up “all and only for your highest and best right now“. This was purposefully done so that if you are not ready for full instantaneous successful manifesting yet, you will get what you need to help you move in that direction and only that. Creator wants the best for you. You took on beliefs over eons. It is possible to release them all at once – but only if you are ready, willing, and able to. Creator knows what is best for you at this time and place. When you trust that, things will change faster than you can imagine. If this doesn’t change for you in the way you expected, find a trusted ThetaHealer® and find the belief(s) that would not release and why. Those can easily be cleared when you figure out how they are serving you and why you do not want to release them. Those are the beliefs it is important to consciously acknowledge.
* Tests and maintains data integrity
Then he felt strong.
It's a slow fade when you give yourself away
I mean I am the oldest most experienced writer here I mean after all why else would they. . .
Not too many of these couple pics floating around! DramaQueen shot this on the day of our 22nd Anniversary last August. It's probably one of the few anniversaries that I have a photo of us (GASP!)
Publication year: 2010
Lay out your flowers on the Trellis grid until you are happy with the placement, then glue to your panel. Add a pretty silk ribbon bow and decorative stick pins. Gently fluff the petals of your flowers as they may have flattened while being glued.
There's paying the ticket then there's surrendering to state-sponsored extortion in the form of outrageously exorbitant traffic fines for only 16mph over the speed limit (there, I did the math for you).
She is VERY social. Loves to be with company and could party all the time!
I underestimated the passion that CSUSB and its fans had for its basketball team. Surprisingly, it felt like a home game for the Coyotes at times. After taking a small lead late in the second half, the arena erupted with the cheers and celebrations of the Coyotes faithful. It was almost deafening.
Till the dawn is in the sky.
The first one people will notice is Drac himself. And not because it's a good performance, either. We get, instead, the most afroed, grease painted, goateed, gangly thin Dracula ever. Not that Bela Lugosi could have saved this character, but as played by Zandor Vorkov, this is the most monotone, dorky bloodsucker ever... but even at that, what do you expect from a stockbroker? Oh yeah; Zandor was the stage name for Roger Engel, the man who helped finance this movie and another Adamson flick Brain Of Blood and therefore got first chance to play a role in both...whereas he should have been given the option to turn both roles down. Not that the echoing voice helps matters; it's like listening to the guy at the drive-through practice his announcer voice whilst suffering from adenoids.
On the tongue – Soft, elegant citrus and floral tones hover above a well pitched malt base. Highly refined.
Creedence Clearwater Revival
"I think I should get back to the others." I say once I have reclaimed my mouth
TLD: How has the media here in UK treated you?
As I basked in the glow of you
White Sesame seeds - 3 tbsp
"But it must not be used as a short cut to redress the ownership of the industry," he said.
This post is about two beasts that I encountered in Mongolia. The first is the rare Przewalski’s horse. When we think of wild horses, we might often think of the American Mustang or other such horses. However, these are really just domesticated horses that have gone feral. The Przewalski’s Horse is the only surviving true wild horse. It is a possible ancestor of the modern domesticated horse.
Immediately after garlic sprinkle pine nuts in, then after 30 seconds add your knob of butter and then add the kale and a small splash of wheat beer to the pan.
When I think of this woman’s faith, I’m humbled and challenged. Do I feel entitled to something big? Will I accept the small miracles of daily grace that come my way? How faithful am I about telling my story? Do others see Jesus in me? I want to feel close enough in my relationship with God that what other might see is imputance, God will interpret as holy boldness.
She ran at me and my shoulders relaxed waiting for what was going to happen. When at the very last moment, her boyfriend grabbed her from behind and carted her out of the room. As the guy was dragging her out, I let her know that I wished a plague-cocktail of aids/ cancer/ and syphilis to befall upon her car on the way home. The show got back to semi-normal after that. As normal as a show like that can get. I finished my spot and told the black folks that they were going to have to walk me out to my car, in case crazy-shakes was waiting for me in the parking lot. They laughed and said they would.
Cholesterol - 256
This idea has been done before, but it's always one of my favorites of the year! Ask each child to bring in a baby picture. Then, brainstorm some things they might be born to be (a football star, a respectful kid, etc.). We sit in a circle on the floor and put all of the baby pictures in the middle. I introduce the term Born to Be Drug Free and ask What do you think that means? How can we relate that to the baby pictures we're looking at? After this discussion, I give each child a die cut red ribbon and they write their name on it and draw pictures of things they can do instead of drugs. It makes a great bulletin board display!
“Does the car have any tires?” The disembodied voice asked instantly raising my suspicions that I was missing some important piece of information.
Take the necessary steps to make things Better, and never doubt your right to take them.
Happy Friday friends! Ever since the kiddos started back to school last week, I have been trying to steer myself onto the road of organization and cleaning. And let my tell you, sisters, that road isn't always smooth. I sit here and ponder...why can I not keep my house picked up and company ready? The desire is there...what is the problem? I figured out that I am very easily distracted (something shiny?? Where?) If I even sit down at this stinkin' computer in the morning, hours can easily slip away! (Pinterest anyone?) I also L.O.V.E. to read. I will sometimes bribe myself by "allowing" myself to read my book for 30 minutes if I do this, this and this first.
Within its past,
“Despite the weak start to the year, the economy appears solid,” said Scott Hoyt, senior director of consumer economics, Moody’s Analytics. “Looking beyond temporary factors, GDP appears to be growing at an annual rate near 2.5%. While hardly a boom pace, this is strong enough to expand employment and reduce joblessness especially as some of the current drags wane in the second half of the year.”
You can change your look totally with the change and selection of your hairstyle.We have an grteat varities in the selection of prom night hairstyles.We have an prom night hairstyles for long hair,prom hairstyles for long hair as well as prom hair style for medium hair.Also these hair styles varies in styles like prom updos hairstyle or prom down hairstyle.Here i have did a very little effort to bring some short hairstyle for prom night or short prom hairstyles prom hair styles for short hair.
Pink Blazer - £25 in h&m
adding up our troubles that we forget to count our
The Dude and I LOVED his sense of humor and so did most of the audience!
For those whom I'm friends with on Facebook, the below pictures you've already seen!!! Sorry for the photo bomb but I can't stop taking pictures of this little man!!!
Movie 1 - Gangs of NY: 2 competing fire engine companies stop by a burning house, and at first they argue on who should put out the fire, then they start to fight it out.
Rather than no, period, to the ladder, find lots of yes alternatives to meet the need to explore their monkey abilities. :-)
We have created The Carol Emshwiller Project as a celebration of Ms. Emshwiller's work and life, her joy and her cause.
- A very long etcetera…
TRIPEO: No can do, buckwheat. I'm a 'borg not a magician. By the way, where the hell are we anyway?
The gutshot Williams had by this point fallen against the hotel’s front desk and taken refuge behind one of the lobby’s iron columns, and managed to pull his own pistol and squeeze off several rounds, hitting Dowell in both legs with one shot. After Dowell ran out of ammunition, local bank president E. P. Wilmot, Judge Charles Ogden, attorney for the estate of the notorious New York miser Hetty Green, and Will Green (no relation to Hetty), disarmed him and broke up the fracas.
“A piece of paper?”
The remarks were in sharp contrast to recent tension between the two neighbors over cross-border raids, and Afghan accusations that Pakistan was involved in killing the chief Afghan peace envoy, former Afghan president Burhanuddin Rabbani, by a suicide bomber on September 20.
Finally after a couple hours I got that ole' bird to a point where I could at least try to attempt to get the guts out of it.
I abosolutely LOVE this scroll work tree die by MemoryBox.... I needed to add a couple of cardstock shims to get it to cut perfectly but other than that, it makes beautiful cuts! The excess pieces popped out so easily! I have found out from some friends who have used these dies before that I could have run it through my Big Shot with SookWang (Scor Tape) on the back of the cardstock... instead I tried gluing with this card... not easy! Next time I will put the tape on the card and then cut!
Just like you can remember where you were when you heard about the twin towers on 9-ll, I remember where I was when I found out Kurt Cobain died, and today when I heard that Adam MCA Yauch from the Beastie Boys died, I felt like I was hearing this news about a childhood BFF. I immediately started crying when I read the Facebook status (yes, that was my major news source) that mentioned his death. Don't worry, I don't normally cry when celebrities who I don't know in real life die, but there is something different about certain musicians. You hear their voices whispering to you through your headphones so often that you come to feel like they are part of your life. I spent a lot of my childhood fighting for my right to party, and just as I decided to grow up, the B-Boy's music grew up a little bit too.
Chris let it sink in. “What’s your role in all this?”
I watched the parents too. I'm sure many of them have their own concerns over money, or jobs, or a myriad of other worries, but in this moment, each of them hovered protectively by their children, offering a last kiss or hug or squeeze as they sent them off. They maintained their supportive vigil until the bus moved away, adding a final wave before leaving their posts to pull the morning paper out, or before retrieving the mail from the box. I'm sure the children looked back to catch a final glimpse of their protector, their beloved mom or dad.
"Anything?" came the voice from nowhere.
musea, castlesand a lot of exhibitions related to his business.
“I don’t know for sure,” said Casey, “but I’m thinking that maybe you get just one go-around in life. If that’s so, I have no regrets because it’s been one hell of a ride.”
Line a baking sheet with tin foil and lay out the asparagus spears. Bake at 450 degrees for 10-12 minutes, stopping halfway to turn them over. Let them cool for a few minutes before serving.
What do you think about long skirts? for them?!
Deposition: I went to Oregon Tuesday night, a trip that was ill-timed to begin with, to take a deposition on Wednesday morning. Cue freak snowstorm that shut down parts of Oregon, including the one where the person I was deposing had to travel from--deposition cancelled. The trip was all for naught. Le sigh again.
So many reasons
There's more I could write about, about the days that ensued--the warzone my neighborhood became, the random people sobbing in the street, the haze of acrid holocaust smoke that hovered in the air for months, the bomb threats, the subway evacuations, the way we all slept with our sneakers on and a bag packed next to the bed on so we could escape at a moment's notice. But it's depressing me. And I'm supposed to be happy. Remember, my birthday? Happy birthday to me. Yippee.
He was an atypical giraffe. He had no neck to speak of, and he had one very fuzzy nostril that stuck out about a half-inch from his face.
Round 7 (250)
Proof on the other hand is demonstrating that the mark was left by your shoe and that your foot was in it at the time.
But P, who as I've mentioned sat to C's left, began noticing things. He noticed that C was pressing his hand, not against the left side of his head, but against his left ear, as if he were trying to block out sound from that side. We also noticed that C often seemed distressed at meals, and that he would make angry grunting noises (which is something he does when stressed). It didn't take long to connect the dots and figure out that C was trying to block out the sound of P's chewing, either by covering that ear or, if/when that didn't work, by making other sounds himself to mask the chewing sounds.
They will be starting on March 6th! Thanks again to everyone who entered, all the entries were great!!! I wish I had room for everyone :(
Date: 04/04/2012 at 22:30
keeping your vibration level high. Your feelings are the cosmic glue in
Your plan will depend on your personal situation. Considerations should include:
Season 2, Episode 6 (Production 36), Story 35
I just noticed Blogger's new layout, blah I dislike it so much... It always take ages from me to adapt to changes. :P But hopefully this will be the end of annoying blogger-fails, I just have to learn how to use this... What do you guys think?
I am still young on the Folk scene, trying to widen my knowledge everyday, but as I am quickly realising, to really become immersed in a genre of music takes much work!
If what we are looking at is a representation of a more primitive way of life, it is no wonder than World of Warcraft is so successful. Even the interface looks ancient: for reading, it is often scrolls and parchment. Even the professions, such as fishing, cooking, and herb gathering, are a nostalgia for an earlier time.
Note: Because we are sponsored weekly by wonderful businesses who have graciously donated products and in the interest of fairness to all participants, any entries that do not follow our simple guidelines will not be eligible for the weekly prizes. Thanks for understanding and playing along!
A girl may want to wear boys clothing, want to engage in rough play, and often is considered a tomboy. Sometimes the feeling of having the wrong physical sex will continue into adolescence. A transgender teen will feel increasing discomfort, even disgust with his or her body as sexual development begins. These feelings and behaviors are considered symptoms of a gender identity disorder.
Tickle me with Tinsel!
(she needed some things from home)
The embellishment boxes will be moved and the Stickle shelves will go in their place. The boxes will be moved to where I have hung cards and pictures.
Suzie? What say you? Suzie?!!
So then she asked me a lot of questions about how I feel, asking me to rate symptoms I have on scales of 1-10.
Chris & Jess
“It does give the Reserve Bank of Australia maximum room to cut interest rates if they think that is appropriate,” Mr. Swan told reporters, adding that he expected economic growth to return to its long-term trend rate above 3.0%.
Panem is very similar to the cultural perception of how ancient Rome was throughout its history, despite the fact that it was not always ruled by debauched emperors. There is the Capitol, which is rich, decadent and has a complete stranglehold over the outlying districts. In the latter half of the Roman Empire, this was very true because Roman citizens were usually exempt from certain taxes that the provincials had to pay. Life within the province of Italy was usually much better than life in the outlying provinces, which is similar to Panem’s system. Rome also had many provinces and each province was known for its main exports (i.e. Egypt was known as the breadbasket of the empire because of its grain). Panem’s districts are known for their main exports as well, as demonstrated by the fact that the two tributes from each district wear something relating to their district’s main export.
Broccoli — California
Me- Blank stare. I don't know.
We can describe hands in many ways: claw-like, thin, scrawny, big-knuckled, blue-veined, plump, fat, chubby, arthritic. Characters can have tattooed hands. They can wear gloves, a simple wedding band, or multiple rings on each finger.
During this period, the character that appears in the opening section of the WIP has a new history, a better explanation for some of his behaviour and a more believable challenge. I am writing fantasy on top of ordinary people, but I know I don’t want to live in the dark ages so this will be modern and urban. I’d love to live in a cave but I’d want a laptop, internet wifi and a mobile phone! Time to reduce my reading to Urban Fantasy – must go find some.
"Half of the respondents said they bought a product in 2009 because of something they'd seen on a social networking site." "...a whopping 80% of the women polled said they had (become fans of brands or products)""...it is excellent data for retailers searching for clues about competing in this pinched consumer world."Well, this is pretty convincing stuff. And there was more. So I decided to explore a little further.
by Corinne Bailey Rae
Jesus said to his disciples:
Maya Road and Core'dinations have teamed up to do a blog swap. Make sure to check out both blogs as there will be giveaways and lots of cool ideas all week long. The MR team were asked to make a card and tag for the swap and this is what I came up with.
no subject)
One of the problems with rewriting is that every person/reader who comes along has a different opinion. So the writer addresses each new person and "fixes" the issue. After some time you've written by committee and you have a bastardized, ill-conceived version of your vision. I don't owe readers rewrites. I owe readers what I consider a good story, maybe not a great one, but a good one to pass the time and they paid a bargain basement price. Anything you can purchase from an indie is a bargain compared to trad pub. So if they don't think an indie book is worth it, they are free to stick to the trad pub books--and there are a great many of them--and pay $12.99.
I don't think it's too late to register for this class (you have a lifetime access), there is lots of info and techniques using all the different inks, sprays, powders, and other mediums, that Tim uses.
the day we went to Bangor
It was a nice month without the money issue. Sigh.
to operate outside the tariff and has determined that it is in the best
Of course viability isn’t a black and white issue.
Time for some Feng Shui.
Andrew and I are going to be "Danny and Sandy" for halloween! :)
One of the first things he said was punch me.
Jino's Bistro & Sushi
Esther 5:6 And the king said unto Esther at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed.
1. Matt Barkley, USC – He’ll start the season as the top Heisman candidate.
We are to do Jesus' work on earth. To show the world the wonder of his presence through love and grace, not through condemnation and judgment. That is how most non-believers see the church. Jesus didn't hang out with religious people. He was friends with the broken and needy - the unloveables. That's who we are called to love, not ourselves. A former pastor always said he wanted a t-shirt that said "Jesus-A Friend of Sinners."
“There’s a mighty big piece of country in between here and the Rio Grande.”
Ava: Oh yeah...
Risk of drowning: very low
J had put the dogs out when it all started because they didn't know WHAT to do with a screaming injured kid. When Monk started to get his wits about him, he wanted his dogs back inside. J told him that the screaming scared them, so if we let them back in, he had to try to stop screaming. It worked, by golly. The screaming stopped and he finally asked for a drink. Then a banana. Then some medicine because "my mouf hurts, Mama."
So maybe you’re thinking about returning to exercise after birth, or perhaps you are already attending one of my fitness or Pilates classes with your new baby, or you’re already attending the gym. Whatever your circumstances, you’ve heard me mention previously, that before you embark on exercise after birth there are a few things to consider.
Ute Nanninga
We bought 11 items – for a total estimated value of $298.13 – leading to a profit/savings of $277.32 (which is about $305 before taxes).
That is the extent of my knowledge on stained glass art –paltry, humble and easily awed by great, long lasting pieces of art. I just want to share glimpses of this art I saw in various cathedrals and other buildings during my European trip in Freiburg (Germany), Strasbourg (France), Prague (Czech Republic), Copenhagen (Denmark) and Malmo (Sweden). The pieces originate from medieval, renaissance, art nouveau and contemporary eras.
James was commissioned to paint a portrait of our cottage for my sixtieth birthday. He is a keen hang-glider and the subjects of many of his paintings are seen from a bird's-eye view. Because of this we erected a scaffolding tower at the edge of the lawn. He sat on a chair atop this in nonchalant fashion, sketching and making notes. He went away with this information and several weeks later phoned to ask, "Do you want me to include the house next door?"
The 31-year-old was stunned when he returned from a weekend away to find his once legally parked motor marked out for attention on Hyde Terrace in Woodhouse.
Check out these articles about type used in movies by local font designer Mark Simonson:
I’ll share a couple of links to places I’ve found that could use a few good hooks and you can check ‘em out! Make sure when searching that the organization stands for the things you believe in and find things that will truly help the cause. Well, you know the drill! Make sure they’re legit! Also, before you start your projects find out if there are certain sizes or items that they are most in need of, and be sure that you know if they are requesting you use certain brands of yarn; such as if you make chemo caps or baby blankets. They might want extra soft material to snuggle in or hats that can be worn year round!
I had to laugh. I mean, I can't honestly say that I wasn't a little bit afraid. It would be silly not to be when there are 30,000 or so bees that could sting if they really wanted to. But they didn't. Bees usually only sting when they have a hive to protect or when they get squished. I actually felt pretty dang calm. I must be getting used to this beekeeping thing a little bit.
The film explores the richness of Islamic art in objects big and small, from great ornamented palaces and the play of light in monumental mosques to the exquisite beauty of ceramics, carved boxes, paintings and metal work. It revels in the use of color and finds commonalities in a shared artistic heritage with the West and East. The film also examines the unique ways in which Islamic art turns calligraphy and the written word into masterpieces and develops water into an expressive, useful art form."
in circles
I made a card today using this adorable Sarah Kay image - "Adele enjoying fresh apples":
So perhaps its a good job I didn't have time to take pictures of the finished result because it was hardly a fair example of what you can actually achieve!
So, last Saturday I fell on the ice. It was a BAD fall that resulted in me going to the emergency room and spending quite a long day there. Let me tell you about that!
And so begins an honest-to-God, hyperventilating, sobbing, inconsolable panic attack. Wheeee…
I needed to vent today. I know why my friends and family members have been talking. And I get it. I just don’t have to like it.
And it seem changed with the mind,
Hard candies/
I am a slow reader and when I was told this had to go back soon I decided to give it a read because at only 134 pages it wouldn't take me over a couple of days to read it. How wrong I was. The story starts with Spider perched on a roof wanting to end his life. It has all gone wrong. There is nothing left. Best to end it. Chapter 2 cuts back to the 'why' and we follow Spider on his last run. The action on the run is graphically explained and tense throughout until the run comes to an abrupt end and we dragged through the consequences and repercussions.
We just celebrated Canada Day, and every July 1 I feel humbled to live in this country. I don’t think we fully realize how wonderful it is to be as free as we are. But this will only remain a great country if we, its people, keep demanding that government do only what is necessary, and that we, its citizens, be permitted to pursue our own interests. That builds a country where we’re not trying to take from each other. We’re not trying to do the minimum. We’re working hard, because we get to enjoy what we work for. I’m proud to be a Canadian. Economic freedom, no polygamy, and thus much less tragedy. Sounds pretty good to me.
Please visit David Terry Art here to arrange your print...Don't be shy... he is expecting you... I will be having mine printed just as soon as I can... and David... thank you a million times for thinking of us all... xv
And... Since the wind was still blowing when he lit the second one, he waited till the wind layed for a minute and it worked!!! Right after a small struggle of finding his way up in the air... of it went! So here’s my photo for Day # 365... flying up in the sky! It was such a cool thing to see and we saw it flying off for a few minutes...
As I approached the house I realized that I had forgotten to take my own advice about making a pit-stop before leaving from work.
Non-Catholics … even if they might be forgiven of their sins … have no particularly effective, specific way of replenishing the grace that was lost through sin … something which could leave them at a serious spiritual disadvantage.
Marchenoir
Pictures of the attack on the 33-year-old man by at least six policemen simultaneously, during a service delivery protest at Setsoto, in Ficksburg, eastern Free State, were shown on all SABC news bulletins last night.
But name-calling aside, Massimo makes some good points. First, Krauss was wrong in saying that philosophy doesn't progress. It has, not—and Massimo admits this—in the sense that philosophy gets us closer to the truth about nature, because that's not the business of philosophy. Rather, philosophy sharpens its arguments over time, and finds errors with other people's arguments in a way that can inform science (I'm particularly fond of ethical philosophy, at least that part that helps us understand what we really think about morals). Unlike theologians, philosophers don't repeat bad arguments once they're decisively refuted.
interesting choices. You can find beers from respected breweries like
This is not to equate morally “romance novels” with the grave soul destruction of pornography. But it is worth asking, “Is what I’m consuming leading me toward contentment with my spouse (or future spouse) or away from it? Is it pointing me to the other in one-flesh union or to an eroticized embodiment of my own desires? Is this the mystery or a mirage?
Thomas Anthony Casoria, 29, New York, N.Y.
With the stores crammed with new and fresh items, it seems like my mind draws a blank on my past season possessions. If I listened to myself come spring I'd be almost naked with next to nothing to put on which is obviously is far from true.
What we did for "Fun Friday": It was a rainy day, which means it is a good day to stay inside around here since you practically need a boat to get around parts of our yard when it is wet. The kids played a few "games" online (Ooka Island, Big Bibletown), colored in their doodle books, tried their hands at I Spy, worked on paper dolls (the girls), and listened to Adventures in Odyssey. You can listen to episodes online at OnePlace and even watch episodes at Jelly Telly.
Sinulog Foundation, Inc. (SFI) prohibits politicians and supporters from distributing leaflets promoting their political bid, Manila Bulletin reports.
I have only recently taken the health and fitness lifestyle seriously and I am not proud to say that I know very little about projects and efforts to promote health, fitness, and sports in the Philippines. For example: I only knew about the Philippine Rugby Team (Philippine Volcanoes) because of the controversial billboards that were asked to be put down because they were deemed "indecent."
The Opening Day Stars cards are freakin' sweet. I've wanted that Cut from the Same Cloth card for a really long time. Now I need another one.
Not every social network makes sense for your business, and you won't necessarily like using every one. If you try to do too much you'll just end up dropping them or posting erratically and it won't do you any good. I, for one, don't enjoy Facebook. I still have a Facebook page just because it is so popular, and some people use it to contact me - so I can respond to them, but I don't really use it to post anything. And that's fine with me. You have to find what works best for you so that it's not so forced and unnatural. When I used to try and use my facebook page I always just ended up spamming links. I couldn't keep up with posting photos and everything else Facebook has to offer. It just didn't work. So I dropped it. Don't be afraid to drop a network if it doesn't work out.
56. Been pushed into a pool with all your clothes? - No, but I've fallen into a few marshy bog-type puddles in my time to aproximate the same result.
Pepper Powder- 1/4 Tsp.
Ruby Cole knows the world has gone wrong when the government pays hunters to kill birds she loves to count. They rationalize the kills on a deadly flu fever blamed on birds, but do nothing about dust storms, fires and deadly felonious activity. Her Colorado no longer has room for a Moon Bird or for that matter her.
The above is not intended to disparage DiCaprio, who I think is a strong and versatile actor; Broderick Crawford just has to be himself, though – he’s a winged serpent.
What time is it? What time are we supposed to be done? Okay, well we’re going to do six songs instead of five.
Here is the abstract:
And on top of all that, Scarface gives Shu a transmitter, so Shu can call in the government next time he’s around Gai – if he so chooses to, of course. And Shu takes it! Man, crossed motives and conspiring all up in this episode.
‘Just bring me a bloody sock.’
The statistician George Box once wrote: “All models are wrong, but some are useful”. I know very little else about him, but hot-and-sour pan-fried archaeopteryx knickers, that may be the most aware, insightful, and universally applicable observation I’ve ever heard.
Judging from the sales we’ve seen going down at apartment gallery openings to checklists full of red in established galleries, it could be said that even Chicago is feeling the art boom at least somewhat. Part of that boom is the practice of doing open studios at graduate programs. So if you are a gallerist, collector, curator of otherwise, get over to the School of the Art Institute Friday evening to tour the spaces.
The estimated annual benefits of major Federal regulations reviewed by OMB from October 1, 2000, to September 30, 2010, for which agencies estimated and monetized both benefits and costs, are in the aggregate between $132 billion and $655 billion, while the estimated annual costs are in the aggregate between $44 billion and $62 billion.
Short stories: Approx. 600 a year. We keep about 180.
Someday soon I'll write more about our schooling life this year. It is unlike any previous year and I am loving it. We were invited to join a wonderful co-op and that has made a huge difference. It has been above and beyond expectations. I'm so thankful.
Seriously, look how great!
So she took her knowledge of what she learned and how she faced the crisis, and how she didn’t let it turn her life completely upside-down or ruin her family, and she wrote a book about it.
The black scale I found at The Attic here in Fredericksburg. Isn’t it just awesome!!! Now, I have two rusty, chippy, old kitchen scales. I’m pretty sure that counts as a collection.
In 2012, CEOs face rising uncertainty in the global economy, as developed economies struggle to sustain recoveries. We found a growing sense of preparedness and a surprising optimism: chief executives were nearly three times as confident of their companies’ growth this coming year as they were in the global economy’s growth.
And I am proud to live it the way I am,
On November 24th, I brewed what I call a Winter Saison, with a starting gravity of 1.074 / 18 degrees Plato. I used two yeast varieties. One home-slanted variety that I've used before, and an actual wine yeast, namely Wyeast Bordeaux. They are still very active, even though I've transferred to secondary fermentation. At the time of the transfer, the gravity had been reduced to a specific gravity of 1.032 (or 8 degrees Plato).
It wouldn’t be so bad if they managed to do it in a place where I could walk away and not have to hear the sound. However, it pretty much only happens during class. And you can’t exactly say anything to them. One of my friends did so once and the whole class laughed at him. The argument does seem ridiculous when you say it out loud. That doesn’t stop me from wishing I could stab my pen through my classmate’s throat when he chooses to sit next to me and smack his gum for an entire hour and fifteen minute lecture.
Legitimate Channels
The recipient of the spell is taken into the ranks of the casting cleric’s deity, making that person an accepted worshiper of that deity. The effect is permanent, unless the Faithful wishes to convert to another deity. The spell can also be cast to consecrate objects to the caster’s faith of up to 1 lb. per caster level.
The people who have payday advance debts basically fit in with decrease or middle class households. They get palm to jaws earnings or any level of debts sounds extremely enormous for the children. Specially, whether it is a brief time period money advance, your credit card debt may perhaps surge very quickly due to excessive apr. The consumers from time to time are so irritated that they even get ready to try Bankruptcy as being a answer because of their financial obligations. Nevertheless, the matter of fact is that regardless of how intense your credit card debt issue is there’s nevertheless a fix for doing it with debt consolidation reduction mortgage.
Physically, I need to schedule exercise better. I have my one yoga day but I also need to do cardio one day and weights one day. I’ve stopped drinking milk, not because I’m allergic but because as a Blood Type A I’m not supposed to drink cow milk. I’m supposed to drink goat milk, soy milk, almond milk or rice milk. I know I’m not getting enough calcium this way because my bones ache a lot, especially my hips and pelvis. I have to get that fixed.
4. G98.7 radio – A fabulous blend of reggae, soca, world, urban and r&b radio, with the welcome return of Jemeni & Mark on the morning airwaves! My new go-to radio station for feeling giddy and light during the week! Listen to it live online, too at http://g987fm.com/.
And,...being helpless and useless and homesick.
Republic Act No. 51 —
Risk factors that may decrease absorption of some B vitamins include smoking; excessive use of alcohol; surgical removal of portions of the digestive tract; and advanced age. Absorption is also impaired by some medications.
Brodsky: Has ESDC considered use of eminent domain.
What’s the best retirement planning software to help you achieve your retirement goals? Most of the retirement planning finance software is very simple to use, and offers a clear cut formula to mapping out your retirement plan-something most people don’t do until too late.
A slip of the tongue was probably the trigger for a conversation I overheard the other night on our way to the baseball game. I tuned in when MJ was explaining to 9yo Emma that she is allowed to use "bad" words. Someone asked by whom she was allowed, and she replied, "My mom." My grandma asked her not to use them in front of her. My mom asked for clarification about when she is allowed to use them. MJ admitted (with that word describing her tone of voice) that she isn't supposed to use them in front of grandparents.
For being a fairly young dude (ish.) I have a sincere love for older pens and pencils. Don't bother asking why, it might be that they simply just aren't disposable. There's a REASON why they didn't end up in a trash heap. Someone at some point held onto the pen or pencil and decided it was worth keeping.
astral minstrels cry
This introduced species was brought over to North America as an ornamental by immigrants from Europe, and is commonly cultivated. It is now found wild in every state except Alaska, and is also found in most of Canada.
“Pardon”
My younger one was very thrilled about it.
Why you should care about home business insurance
these beings did not find despair.
Each video that is taken can then be tagged correctly for SEO, (search engine optimization).
Bloomberg BusinessWeek illustrates the fight between Keynsians and freshwater-Chicago-school economists:view chart
Purple yells out and smiles and says: You know that I understand the problems with Domestic Violence, I’m aware of the problem, and I’m working to stop it! Are you?
Yesterday was PLR day - the day all writers in the UK can find out how much they've earned in Public Lending Rights. There's lots of comparing - did you get more or less than last year? Which was your top earning title? Can we spot any trends? There's grumbling and celebrating, misinformation, conclusions that reveal scant understanding of either maths or the PLR scheme and - most chilling of all - a rush of people who declare it's very nice but a shame they have to spend it all on their tax bill.
Governor Thomas Dorr 1844, convicted of treason against the state of Rhode Island; see Dorr Rebellion; released in 1845; civil rights restored in 1851; verdict annulled in 1854. John Brown, convicted of treason against the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1859 and executed for attempting to organize armed resistance to slavery. Aaron Dwight Stevens, took part in John Brown's raid and was executed in 1860 for treason against Virginia. William Bruce Mumford, convicted of treason and hanged in 1862 for tearing down a United States flag during the American Civil War. Mary Surratt, Lewis Powell, David Herold, and George Atzerodt, all hanged on July 7, 1865 for treason and conspiracy for the Lincoln assassination and conspiracy - by military tribunal. Iva Toguri D'Aquino, who is frequently identified with "Tokyo Rose" convicted 1949. Subsequently pardoned by President Gerald Ford. Herbert Hans Haupt, German-born naturalized U.S. citizen, was convicted of treason in 1942 and executed after being named as a German spy by fellow German spies defecting to the United States. Martin James Monti, United States Army Air Force pilot, convicted of treason for defecting to the Waffen SS in 1944. Robert Henry Best, convicted of treason on April 16, 1948 and served a life sentence. Mildred Gillars, also known as "Axis Sally", convicted of treason on March 8, 1949; served 12 years of a 10- to 30-year prison sentence. Tomoya Kawakita, sentenced to death for treason in 1952, but eventually released by President John F. Kennedy to be deported to Japan. Adam Yahiye Gadahn has been indicted for treason as of 2012, but has not been brought to trial as he remains at large. Examining each case is a little more than I care to take on in this post, but let's at least look at the most recent, Mr. Gadahn, and a couple of the others that, at first glance, seem like they take us beyond the obvious (spying for Nazis, the Soviets, or participanting in rebellion) and see if they get us close to the sorts of activities that we might expect to find on the part of fundamentalist proponents of laws and policies that are clearly religiously motivated.
Sunday and Monday- drier and warmer with temperatures in the 60s.
On the dining room table I find a card from Justin that has $20 cab fare in it and a very sweet note asking if I'd like to join him for a walk by the White House on this unseasonably beautiful February evening.
Do I sound like a rebel? A gender nonconformist? Don’t be too impressed. I just never got the memo. Eric Roeder would call my friend Jim Petee a “fag” and Jim would say, “I’m not a fag! Your’re a fag!” Then Eric would give Jim a push into the locker, and that would be that. But when Eric Roeder called me a fag, I would just shrug. What’s a fag? I wondered. I had no idea. I was just a kid, and so was Eric Roeder; I don’t think he really knew what a fag was either. I still got pushed into the locker, but, unlike Jim, I just didn’t see the problem with the whole “fag” thing.
Kings of Speed
I am strengthened in my personal relationship with him by my worship of him and receiving him in Holy Communion at Mass; through my prayer, devotion and reading of the Scriptures; by my study of the teachings of the faith; through my good works prepared beforehand by him for me to perform while in his grace.
While I waited for them, at least two people who walked by me declared to their companions that they would NOT go down that thing. I don't think it was dangerous or too crazy, and frankly I wish that high speeds didn't give me such an unpleasant feeling. I wanted to go down it, but knew I would not enjoy it.
No wonder he manages to live in such extravagant and opulent style with a very showy house that has raised so many eyebrows in Kuching!
I love the "Mason Jar" method when making salad dressings. What is that? Well, basically, throw in all of the ingredients for the dressing into a Mason Jar. Shake until mixed. Pour on top of salad. Easy? Hell yeah it is.
"Hi honey are you okay?" I asked.
Judge # 2 -- Nice, smooth tomato flavor. Very mild.
It has been 6 weeks since my ex-husband, HSSH, has called. It has been Labor Day since he has seen any of the kids.
State,’’ Aduba said.
So here's what I am looking for.
Dark Shadows was thus an incredibly ambitious series and its creator, Dan Curtis, was wisely aware of what pieces of literature (all safely in public domain!) he could pilfer from to juice up the storyline. The show was indeed scary as fuck for its time, since it was done live on videotape and thus to monster-movie-fan kids like me, it had a “reality” that the old Universal b&w films didn’t have.
Anyhow, we talked about Europe and it looks like we’ll be flying over there in June. She’s only been all over Asia and South America but never to Europe. I’ll be a great tour guide.
admit nothing.
“Can I have the burger without the bread, I am allergic”
“The day before the concert it suddenly struck me that, instead of singing the beautiful song Don’t Cry Alone that evening, Robin was in a coma and might die.
You have to wonder though, what about the victims who might not able to look forward to the years ahead if their life, faith, families and chance of functional relationships have been destroyed how is Cardinal Brady’s going to comfort them?
This morning we slept in until 6:30. It was glorious. Yes, I let Rosie out at 2 a.m., and yes, Doug let her out again at 5, but after that we all went back to sleep. Oh, God, it felt good.
Miss Anything: Well, this is a whole new thing...I feel like I am going to miss a lot...more to come...
He has a map that he claims leads to treasure buried somewhere in the depths of Iceworld, only lurking down in those depths is a dragon guarding the treasure. In the soda shop they also meet a young, headstrong waitress from Earth named Ace, who improbably claims to have accidentally “whipped up a timestorm” which brought her to this other world. As you might guess, Ace quickly becomes a rather important figure in the proceedings. Meanwhile, a creepy, soulless icy figure named Kane (Edward Peel) lurks on the periphery of the goings-on. He, too, wants the treasure called Dragonfire, and he’s been waiting 3,000 years to get it.
I was not happy with how the Google Doc was working. This option goes right to our own Sugar & Spice database.
Dr. Dante flinched. "You can't deny me -"
Susan's gift was handmade. It was a wine bottles & beer bottles spray painted with chalk board paint. Each person got 3 bottles & chalk. Such a cute idea!
Im gonna ask a favour of you if you dont mind lol...if you dont already could you become a follower of CCC as when we moved addresses last year we lost alot of our following, we are still trying to get some of our followers back, it would be lovely to bump those numbers over 300!!!!
I like dogs but cats make my eyes itch and my nose run.
Juice of 2 oranges, zest of 1
I hope you have enjoyed your visit with me today. Please check the other pinkie participants over at Beverly's blog, How Sweet The Sound.
if she finds a movie star or two sitting next to her
Thank you all for your encouragement and you great comments. I hope this post wasent too boring. I wish everyone a great week and send you all the best.
If you want to go to Liverpool Beer Festival (16 - 18 February), you need to have your wits about you. There are postal applications with different rules for members of Liverpool Branch, members of other Branches and non-members, and there is the allocation for those who work the festival. Finally, there’s the famous queuing for tickets on a freezing December morning.
It feels weird, usually I am desperate to get everything done, and can never get on top of anything because I am running around after the kids, but today, I can get things done and have been looking forward to getting things done, but it is too quiet. Crazy really, is there just no pleasing me??!
This is another Edgar winner that has stood the test of time. Unlike some of the earlier Edgar winners I read, I didn’t feel like I was stepping back in time. This story could take place today as easily as in the 1980s. If you enjoy mysteries about the why instead of the who, I would definitely recommend The Suspect.
If you’d like to hear why I love these guys so much click on each name above for direct links to their official sites. In addition, you can visit these links to listen to samples of their music on amazon.com.
It's difficult to break patterns. My own mother was exceedingly impatient. I, with my Aries ascendant and upbringing, have a very impatient streak. I have to work hard at reining it in.
Motor Company is Alan Mulally, who is Roman Catholic.
This makes me smile...)
What's making you happy this fine Tuesday?
